{
  "purpose": "Build automation, packaging, and optional upload of prebuilt binaries for a Node.js native module.",
  "sources": "Process environment variables (e.g., GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN), command-line arguments, filesystem reads (package.json, build configs), external spawn processes.",
  "sinks": "Child process spawn commands, filesystem operations, network upload functions (via 'prebuild/upload') that send data over the network.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and command-line args influence build and upload parameters; spawn executes build tools; files are archived; upload function transmits artifacts using tokens.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, obfuscation, or backdoors detected. Use of environment variables for tokens is standard but should be managed securely.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard build, packaging, and upload tasks for a Node.js native module. It uses 'child_process.spawn' for invoking build tools, filesystem operations for copying and archiving files, and an upload process that relies on environment variables for authentication. No malicious code, obfuscation, or suspicious network activity is present. The reliance on environment variables like 'GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN' is typical in CI/CD workflows but warrants secure handling. The malware score is 0, as there are no signs of malicious intent. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. The security risk score is approximately 0.2-0.3, mainly due to environmental dependencies, which is acceptable for build scripts assuming secure environment management.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a legitimate build and packaging utility with no evidence of malicious behavior or obfuscation. The use of environment variables for tokens is standard but should be securely managed. Overall, the code poses a low security risk with a malware score of 0 and an obfuscated score of 0. The risk score is around 0.2-0.3, justified by environmental reliance but no malicious activity.",
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}