{
  "purpose": "The code is a CSS sprite processing module that consolidates images within CSS and HTML files to optimize loading performance by combining sprites and processing media queries.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include CSS and HTML file contents via file.getContent(), and images from ret.src (likely the project source map).",
  "sinks": "Content modification via file.setContent(), CSS/HTML content assembly, and image sprite generation functions.",
  "flows": "CSS/HTML content read from files -> regex matching and processing functions -> sprite generation and CSS modifications -> updated file contents.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes dynamic CSS content processing, media query handling, and image mapping. No hardcoded credentials or hidden backdoors are visible. No obfuscated code detected. Use of try-catch around module require is standard. No suspicious network activity or malicious payloads observed.",
  "analysis": "The script imports dependencies and defines functions to process CSS and inline styles for sprite merging. It handles media queries separately and appends generated sprite CSS at the bottom. The code reads file contents and manipulates them with regex and mapping functions, then updates the file content. No signs of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious code execution are present. All operations appear to be legitimate CSS optimization routines. The use of dynamic regex and content replacement could potentially be misused if malicious code is inserted into the input files, but the module itself does not perform any harmful actions.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate CSS sprite processing utility used for optimizing CSS and HTML files by merging images and handling media queries. No malicious behavior or malware signatures are identified. It operates within the expected scope of a build tool for frontend assets.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}