{
  "purpose": "The code provides statistical functions for probability distributions (discrete, Poisson, binomial, geometric, negative binomial, normal) and a Chart.js visualization utility.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function arguments and DOM elements (e.g., domId). Uses local variables and constants within functions.",
  "sinks": "Uses DOM manipulation to insert a canvas element and Chart.js to render charts; no data is sent externally or stored.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function parameters and DOM elements into calculations, then into the Chart.js visualization. No external network communication occurs.",
  "anomalies": "There are no unusual code patterns, no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The code uses common statistical formulas and standard DOM manipulation. The only potential concern is the absence of input validation in some functions (e.g., factorial with large inputs), but no malicious intent is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of statistical functions for probability distributions, including expectation, variance, probability calculations, and cumulative densities. The functions are straightforward, using well-known mathematical formulas. The plotting function integrates with Chart.js for visualization, dynamically creating a canvas element and rendering a line chart of the distribution's probability values. There is no evidence of data exfiltration, network activity, or malicious behavior. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code appears to be a utility library for statistical analysis and visualization, with proper use of libraries and DOM manipulation. Potential issues include the recursive factorial implementation (which could cause stack overflows with large inputs) and lack of input validation, but these are not security concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of statistical utilities and a visualization helper with no malicious intent. It does not perform any harmful actions or external communications. The likelihood of malicious behavior is very low.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}