{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to define and register templates within the EGSRuntime package, supporting different module systems and providing utility functions for handling data and generators.",
  "sources": "The code reads the 'EGSRuntime' object, requires the 'egs' module in CommonJS, or the 'egs-runtime' module in AMD, and accesses context data such as 'context.name'.",
  "sinks": "The 'helpers.escape' function is used to sanitize output, preventing injection attacks. Templates use the 'write' function to output data. No other direct sinks like network or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (context data) through helper functions like 'escape' and 'partial' into the 'write' output, with no evidence of untrusted data affecting system functions or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex generator and helper functions that appear to be boilerplate or polyfill code. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic are evident. The module system handling is standard. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns identified.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of module definition boilerplate, utility functions for data handling (__import, __isArray, __toArray, __typeof), and template registration functions. The templates 'hello.egs' and 'use-hello.egs' perform straightforward string concatenation and partial template rendering, with safe escaping. No malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, network calls, or privilege escalation mechanisms are found. The code appears to be a legitimate template library with standard polyfills and no signs of tampering.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a legitimate template registration script for EGSRuntime, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It uses standard patterns for module loading and utility functions. No malware or malicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}