{
  "purpose": "This code creates a beeper utility that allows multiple beep sounds to be queued and played with specified delays, enabling asynchronous control over beeping behavior in a Node.js environment.",
  "sources": "User invokes the exported beeper functions (e.g., beep), which may include arguments for number of beeps and delay times; the process.stdout.write function reads output streams for beeping signals.",
  "sinks": "The beeping signals are sent directly to process.stdout via process.stdout.write('\\x07'), which is a standard way to trigger a terminal bell sound; no external data or untrusted input flows into network or file systems.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (number of beeps, delay) flow from user calls to the beep function, which manages the internal queue; the queue executes beepNow() that writes to stdout; delays are managed via createDelay, chaining promises.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code uses promise chaining for sequencing beeps, which is typical. No unusual language features or misleading variables are present. The process.stdout.write for the bell character is standard for audible notifications.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a beeping queue system with promise chaining to ensure sequential execution of beeps with optional delays. The createDelay function returns a promise that resolves after the specified delay, facilitating timing control. The createBeeper function encapsulates an instance object with a queue and returns a bound beep function that manages the queue. The beep function handles both numeric and array inputs for multiple beeps, scheduling delayed beeps as needed. The beepNow function writes the terminal bell character to stdout, which is a common notification signal. No external data is read into or written from sensitive sources, and no network or file operations are involved. The module exports a singleton beeper instance with a factory method for creating new beeper instances. The code appears to be solely intended for controlling terminal beeps, with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility for managing terminal beep sounds with delays and sequencing. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The use of process.stdout.write for beeping is standard. The implementation is straightforward and focused on its purpose, with no security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}