{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions for pattern matching, rules processing, attribute parsing, key expansion, and regex-based transformations, primarily for HTML or XML-like structures.",
  "sources": "Code reads external modules, regex patterns, input attribute strings, source string, labels, metadata, and configuration parameters. It also reads pattern definitions and rule sets.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include regex replacements, string manipulations, attribute expansions, and condition evaluations, which could be exploited if malicious data is fed into these functions.",
  "flows": "Input strings or attribute data are processed through regex matching and replacement functions, expanding keys, applying rules, and transforming text, with potential paths for malicious input to influence regex replacements or condition evaluations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network connections are present. The code uses regex for pattern matching but does not invoke any network activity or file system access. Use of 'require' and 'define' suggests modular design; no obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive library for pattern matching, attribute parsing, and text transformations with regex. It employs memoization for attribute parsing, multiple regex patterns for parsing attribute strings, and functions to expand keys and apply rules. No parts of the code perform network activity, system modifications, or data exfiltration. Regex replacements are parameterized and appear to be used for text processing, not malicious injection. The functions follow standard practices for such libraries. There is no indication of malware or malicious behavior. Overall, the code is consistent with a security-focused utility module.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard pattern matching and transformation library with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs regex-based string processing and attribute expansion in a controlled manner. There are no network calls, file system access, or obfuscated parts. The security risk is minimal, with no evidence of malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}