{
  "purpose": "This code is a Rollup configuration for building a JavaScript/TypeScript project, specifying input/output files, external dependencies, and build plugins for resolving modules, transpiling code, handling CSS, and other build steps.",
  "sources": "Static import statements for core build plugins and configuration settings, including 'path', 'rollup-plugin-postcss', '@babel/plugin-babel', '@rollup/plugin-commonjs', '@rollup/plugin-node-resolve', and configuration parameters such as input/output paths, external modules, and plugin options.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data handling occurs in plugin configurations, especially the 'path.resolve' for extracting CSS files; however, no untrusted input or external data handling is evident. No data leaks or sensitive information processing is detected.",
  "flows": "The code flow is static configuration; no dynamic data flows or external data sources are present. Plugins process files at build time without external input influence.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, suspicious code, or unusual behavior detected. All code appears to be standard build configuration with commented-out sections for optional dependencies. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments are present.",
  "analysis": "The script is a typical build configuration for a JavaScript/TypeScript project using Rollup. It imports necessary plugins and sets up input/output paths, external dependencies, and plugin options for resolving modules, transpiling TypeScript and React code, handling CSS with Sass, and bundling. There are no signs of malicious modifications, hidden code, or malicious intent. The presence of commented-out code and standard plugin usage indicates routine setup. No data leaks, network activity, or suspicious code logic is evident. The overall structure and content suggest a benign build configuration script.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign Rollup build configuration with no malicious behavior, malware, or security risks detected. It performs typical build setup tasks for a React/TypeScript project. No anomalies or security concerns are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}