{
  "purpose": "This code is the minified version of jQuery v1.11.0, a popular JavaScript library used for DOM manipulation, event handling, and AJAX interactions in web development.",
  "sources": "Reads include script tags, DOM elements, and attributes like 'style', 'href', 'id', and input values. It also reads the window.location object and document properties.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are DOM manipulations (innerHTML, append, remove), attribute modifications, event handler attachments, and AJAX setup/execution. No evidence of untrusted data handling leading to injection, leaks, or malicious actions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (attributes, DOM nodes, user inputs) into DOM manipulations, attribute settings, or AJAX requests, but these are standard and controlled within jQuery's API. No evidence of malicious source-to-sink flows.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors. The code is typical of a minified jQuery library, with no hidden or malicious logic present. No obfuscation indicators outside normal minification.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified version of the well-known jQuery library, which is widely used and trusted. It includes functions for DOM selection, event handling, AJAX setup, effects, and utility functions. The structure follows standard minified jQuery source. No signs of malicious behavior such as network data exfiltration, reverse shells, or backdoors. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code execution. The code does not dynamically load external scripts or connect to suspicious domains. It performs standard library functions safely.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate, minified version of jQuery v1.11.0, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It is a typical library code used for web development with no suspicious modifications or hidden behaviors.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}