{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to download prebuilt binaries for a Node.js native module ('iohook') based on platform and version info, to facilitate installation without building from source.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (npm_config_targets, npm_config_platforms, npm_config_arches), package.json for supported targets, process.versions, process.platform, process.arch, and local files (package.json, ./helpers). It also reads configuration via 'rc' for npm settings.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'nugget' to fetch files over HTTPS, writes to temporary directory, extracts tar.gz contents to local 'builds' directory, reads environment variables and config settings that influence network requests.",
  "flows": "Reads environment variables and config -> constructs download URLs -> uses 'nugget' to download binary tar.gz -> pipes through zlib Gunzip -> extracts files into local directory.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; uses standard modules for network and file operations; downloads external resources based on runtime info; no suspicious code or backdoors. No obfuscated code detected. Uses 'rc' for config, which could theoretically be manipulated, but typical in setup scripts.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically constructs URLs for downloading platform-specific prebuilt binaries. It reads environment variables and package info to determine targets, platforms, and architectures, then sequentially downloads and extracts the appropriate binaries. It handles errors gracefully, providing fallback instructions. No malicious activity such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors is evident. The use of 'nugget' for network operations is standard, with SSL validation enforced. No suspicious code patterns, hidden functions, or obfuscated code are present. The script functions as intended for a typical prebuild installation process.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate prebuild installer for the 'iohook' module, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It securely downloads necessary binaries based on environment and platform info, with no evident malicious or sabotage intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}