{
  "purpose": "The code downloads prebuilt binary files for a Node.js native addon ('iohook') from a GitHub release page, extracts them, and installs them for specified target platforms and architectures.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (process.env), package.json dependencies, network request to GitHub, filesystem reads (fs, path, os), configuration via 'rc' module, command-line options.",
  "sinks": "Network request to GitHub URL for downloading binaries, filesystem write operations for extracting binaries, console logs, and error messages.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence target selection, which triggers 'install' function; the install function constructs download URLs, makes network requests to fetch binaries, then extracts files to local directories.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials. Use of 'rc' module to read npm configuration, including proxy settings, which could be misused if compromised. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns observed. All network requests are to GitHub for legitimate binary download purposes. No suspicious code for data exfiltration or system compromise. The code uses standard modules and practices for downloading and installing prebuilt binaries.",
  "analysis": "The script manages prebuilt binary downloads based on environment and package configuration, with environment variables adjusting target platforms and architectures. It reads npm configuration, possibly including proxy settings, which are used for network requests. The download URL is constructed based on package version and target platform/architecture, and files are extracted to a temporary directory. The overall flow is straightforward and aligns with typical prebuild installation scripts. No indicators of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware were identified. The only potential concern is reliance on external configuration (npmrc), but this is common in such scripts and does not indicate malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs legitimate prebuild binary downloads and extraction for a Node.js addon, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It adheres to standard practices, with no hardcoded secrets or suspicious network activity. The use of npmrc for proxy configuration is typical and not malicious. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}