{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of functions for precise floating-point arithmetic operations (addition, subtraction, multiplication, division) in JavaScript, aiming to avoid common floating-point inaccuracies.",
  "sources": "The code reads input values through function parameters a and b for each arithmetic operation. It also reads string representations of these inputs when splitting decimal parts.",
  "sinks": "There are no clear sinks related to untrusted data leading to data leaks or malicious effects. The functions return numerical results or NaN for invalid inputs. No network, file, or system commands are executed.",
  "flows": "Input values are taken via function parameters; they are converted to strings, manipulated to perform precise calculations, and results are returned as numbers. No external data or untrusted sources are directly utilized beyond parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns are observed. The code strictly performs arithmetic calculations with input validation. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors. Comments describe intended functionality; no obfuscated or misleading code present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a utility object 'Calc' with four arithmetic methods, each validating inputs to ensure they are numbers, then performing string manipulations to handle floating point precision issues. It uses regular expressions to trim trailing zeros in decimal parts and calculates results by converting to integers, then adjusting for decimal places. The overall structure is straightforward, with no external system interactions or malicious patterns detected. The code appears to be a safe, utility library designed for precise calculations, not malicious or sabotage code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard floating-point arithmetic utility, with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage. It functions solely for mathematical accuracy improvements. No malware indicators or security risks are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}