{
  "purpose": "The code implements a class 'AbortAbort' for managing abort signals and dependencies among multiple abort controllers, allowing nested abort logic with success ratios and dependants.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include constructor options, signals passed via static methods, and dependants added via 'addDependant'. It also reads environment via imported modules, but no explicit untrusted input sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include aborting signals, aborting dependants, event handling, and possibly error creation. The 'abort' method triggers aborts and error propagation; event listeners and dependants are also sinks for control flow.",
  "flows": "Flow begins with creation or static methods accepting signals or options, leading to 'addDependant' or 'abort' calls, which propagate abort signals to dependants. Event listeners react to 'abort' events, and methods like 'updateOnDependentChange' check conditions for aborting, creating a source-to-sink chain.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code or hardcoded secrets are present. The code relies on standard event handling and abort controller patterns. The only notable feature is the 'anySignal' method that combines multiple signals with a 100% success ratio limit, which is typical. No hidden or suspicious logic is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class for nested abort control, with methods for managing dependants, event handling, and abort propagation. It uses standard practices such as event listeners, Symbol IDs, and error propagation. The flow is straightforward, managing abort states based on dependants' statuses. There are no signs of data exfiltration, malicious code injection, or covert activities. The code appears to serve its intended purpose securely, with no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a nested abort controller system with dependency management. It does not contain malware, suspicious behavior, or security risks beyond normal abort handling. It is safe from a supply chain security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}