{
  "purpose": "The code is a collection of Vue.js component definitions for UI elements such as Accordion, Alert, Button, Checkbox, Modal, Table, Form, and various input controls. It primarily provides reusable UI components for a web application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from component props, slot content, and some internal state variables. Notable external data inputs include SVG icon names, user input in form fields, and slot content passed from parent components.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulations via innerHTML (Icon component), dynamic component resolution, and event emissions. Notably, innerHTML is used with parsed SVG content, which could be a vector for injection if malicious SVGs are provided. The use of createVNode, createElementVNode, and innerHTML rendering is typical for Vue components, but innerHTML should be scrutinized for SVG injection.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and slot content into the DOM elements and SVG innerHTML, with some dynamic component resolution. User inputs (like in form fields and select components) update internal state and emit events. SVG icons are fetched via asynchronous fetch calls and injected via innerHTML, which could be a vector if SVG content is malicious.",
  "anomalies": "The Icon component dynamically loads SVG files from assets/svg-icon directory using asynchronous fetch. If SVG files are malicious or altered, injecting SVG content directly into innerHTML can lead to SVG injection attacks. No explicit sanitization appears to be performed on SVG content fetched and injected, which is a security concern. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. No obfuscated code or unusual code patterns are observed outside normal Vue.js practices. The code generally adheres to standard component definitions and usage.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily comprises Vue component definitions that handle rendering, user interaction, and dynamic data binding. The Icon component's method of loading SVGs via fetch and injecting raw SVG content into innerHTML without sanitization presents a potential SVG injection vector if the SVG files are compromised or malicious. Other components handle user input, event emission, and DOM updates using standard Vue practices with no signs of malicious behavior. There is no network communication to external or suspicious domains, no code that reads environment variables or secrets, and no cryptomining or reverse shell activities detected. The overall security risk is moderate due to the SVG injection point but is not inherently malicious unless the SVG assets are compromised.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be standard Vue.js UI components with a notable potential security concern in the Icon component related to SVG injection via fetch and innerHTML injection. There is no evidence of malicious sabotage, backdoors, or harmful behavior. The overall malware score is low, but the security risk score is elevated because of SVG injection risk if SVG files are compromised.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 1
}