{
  "purpose": "This source code defines multiple Vue.js components and utility functions for UI elements such as accordions, alerts, buttons, modals, forms, and other interactive widgets. It is intended for building a component-based frontend UI with standard features like dropdowns, tabs, pagination, and form inputs.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from component props, slots, local reactive state, and DOM elements via references. It also reads environment variables (e.g., userAgent), document styles, and event listeners for user interactions. SVG icons are fetched dynamically from assets/svg-icon.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs DOM elements, applies styles and classes, and emits events. It does not perform network requests, execute eval, or modify system files. User input is handled via form components, with some input validation and handling for modelValue updates, but no direct dangerous sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "User interactions such as clicks, key presses, or resize events trigger state updates and event emissions. For example, dropdown toggles or tab switches update component state. Inputs update modelValue bindings, and event handlers may trigger visibility toggles or emit custom events. No data is directly sent over the network within this code; external data fetching (like SVGs) is done asynchronously but in a safe manner.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspiciously obfuscated code are present. SVG icon loading uses dynamic import syntax which is standard for asset loading. There are no unusual code constructs like eval, Function constructor, or suspicious URL manipulations. No signs of malicious privacy violations, such as clipboard access or data exfiltration. The random string generator J() is used for generating IDs, which is safe. There are no indications of hidden or malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive collection of Vue.js component definitions, utility functions, and event handling logic aimed at building a frontend UI library. It uses standard practices for reactive state, event handling, and dynamic component resolution. The SVG icon loader asynchronously fetches SVG assets from a local directory, which is typical. User inputs are handled with Vue's model bindings, and no unsafe operations like eval or network requests outside asset loading are found. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code flows are present. The code is well-structured, and all functions serve legitimate UI purposes.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a typical, well-structured Vue.js UI component library with no malicious behavior or sabotage indications. It does not perform any network requests for data beyond loading local SVG assets, nor does it include any suspicious code constructs. Overall, it seems safe and intended for standard frontend component development.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}