{
  "purpose": "The code primarily defines a collection of Vue.js components, including UI elements like buttons, modals, forms, and layout components. It appears to be a UI library with various interactive elements intended for use in web applications.",
  "sources": "Sources of data include component props (e.g., 'modelValue', 'options', 'src'), slots (e.g., default slots for rendering content), and attributes passed into components. These are typical for Vue.js components and are not inherently untrusted.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation (innerHTML, style attributes), network requests (via dynamic SVG import), and event handling. Notably, the SVG icons are fetched asynchronously with innerHTML being set, which could pose a risk if SVG files are maliciously modified. Input components process user data, but do not send data externally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props or slots (sources) to DOM rendering or event handlers (sinks). For example, icon SVGs are fetched and injected into innerHTML; input values are bound via v-model; events like clicks trigger component methods. No evidence of external network connections initiated from this code.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors identified. The only suspicious part is the dynamic import of SVG files in the 'Icon' component, which relies on file names and could be manipulated if SVG files are compromised. The use of innerHTML for SVG injection is a potential vector for SVG-based attack if files are malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a large collection of Vue components for UI elements, which includes standard patterns like props, slots, reactive state, and event handling. No hardcoded credentials or sensitive data are present. The dynamic SVG loading using innerHTML and fetch requests is a potential security concern, as malicious SVGs could execute embedded scripts if not sanitized properly. However, this pattern is common in UI libraries and relies on the integrity of SVG assets, not external user input or network calls within this code itself. Overall, the code appears to be a UI library with standard implementation, with minimal risk of malicious behavior. The only notable point is the dynamic SVG import which, if SVG files are compromised, could be malicious but is not inherently malicious in this code.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of Vue.js UI components with no explicit malicious intent. The only potential security concern is the dynamic loading and injection of SVG files via innerHTML, which could be exploited if SVG files are maliciously altered. There are no signs of backdoors, hidden malware, or unauthorized network activity. The risk is low but warrants attention to the integrity of SVG assets used.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}