{
  "purpose": "This code defines a large collection of Vue.js components, including UI elements like buttons, modals, tables, inputs, and various interactive widgets, primarily for building a frontend interface.",
  "sources": "The code imports Vue composition API functions and utility functions from 'vue', and it includes component setup functions, template render functions, and dynamic SVG icon loading from assets/svg-icon directory.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include dynamic innerHTML injection in the Icon component, event handlers for user interactions, and external resource loading (SVG icons). The code uses dynamic component resolution, reactive state, and event listeners.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from component props and slot content into component internal states; user interactions trigger events that update reactive states; dynamic SVG SVG content is fetched and injected via innerHTML; event listeners for clicks and keydowns handle modal close, dropdown toggles, etc.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments. No suspicious network calls or data exfiltration code detected. The dynamic SVG loading via innerHTML is standard for icon components but could pose risks if SVGs are compromised—however, SVGs are loaded locally from assets, not remote sources. No obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic execution, or misleading variables are present. No functions sending data over the network or accessing system files. The only dynamic content is SVG icons and user-driven events.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly defines UI components with standard Vue.js practices: props validation, reactive states, event handling, conditional rendering, dynamic class and style binding. SVG icons are loaded asynchronously from local assets, with error handling. Event listeners for keyboard and mouse interactions manage modals, tooltips, and overlays safely. No signs of malicious behaviors such as data theft, reverse shells, or system damage. No hardcoded secrets or network communication are found. The code is structurally complex but appears to be a legitimate frontend component library implementation. The potential concern is SVG innerHTML injection, but since SVGs are loaded locally, the risk is minimal. Overall, no malicious or sabotage behaviors are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive Vue component library implementing common UI elements with dynamic features. It does not contain any malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks based on the code content. The only minor consideration is ensuring SVG assets are secure, but since they are local, risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}