{
  "purpose": "This configuration file sets up a Webpack build process for processing SCSS files and extracting CSS into a separate stylesheet, using specific loaders and plugins.",
  "sources": "Path module (require('path')) and plugin imports (MiniCssExtractPlugin), reading local configuration and file paths, especially the entry point './src/test.scss' and the custom loader alias 'skp-dsl-parser'.",
  "sinks": "Execution of Webpack build process, specifically the use of loaders like 'sass-loader', 'css-loader', and the custom 'skp-dsl-parser' loader; these are used to process style files and potentially execute code if the loader is malicious.",
  "flows": "Entry point './src/test.scss' is processed by loaders, which read the SCSS file. The 'skp-dsl-parser' loader (mapped to './src/index.js') is invoked during the build, possibly executing code from 'src/index.js'. The output is generated in 'dist/css/style.css'.",
  "anomalies": "Use of a custom loader 'skp-dsl-parser' mapped to a local file 'src/index.js', which could contain malicious code if compromised. No evidence of malicious code within this configuration file itself, but the custom loader's content is unknown and potentially risky.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Webpack configuration with a focus on processing SCSS files and extracting CSS. The use of 'skp-dsl-parser' as a loader is notable; it is mapped to 'src/index.js'. Without inspecting 'src/index.js', the behavior of this loader is unknown; it could be benign or malicious. The configuration does not include any network operations, dynamic code execution, or credential handling. The rest of the code appears standard and does not exhibit signs of malware. The main concern is the custom loader's origin and content, which could potentially execute malicious code during build time.",
  "conclusion": "The configuration is generally standard for building style assets with Webpack. The only suspicious element is the custom loader 'skp-dsl-parser', which could contain malicious code. Without reviewing 'src/index.js', it is impossible to definitively assess malicious intent, but the setup itself does not exhibit overt malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 4
}