{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a JavaScript module intended for server-side use, possibly providing utility functions or configuration handling.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables, module imports, and possibly input parameters or configuration objects.",
  "sinks": "Data outputs to the console, network requests, or external systems; usage of eval or Function constructor, or file system writes.",
  "flows": "Input sources such as environment variables or parameters are processed and may be executed or transmitted through functions, network calls, or output operations.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of eval or dynamic code execution functions, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated segments. Unusual variable names or hidden code blocks that perform side-effects.",
  "analysis": "The code is examined for signs of obfuscation, such as minified code or confusing variable names. It is checked for dangerous functions like eval, Function, or direct DOM manipulation (less relevant for server code). The code reads environment variables, which could be legitimate or malicious if used to leak secrets. The code may include network requests or file system operations that could be malicious if directed to suspicious endpoints or writing sensitive data. The presence of any hardcoded credentials or suspicious network domains is noted. The structure is assessed for unusual control flow, hidden code, or backdoors. The code does not appear heavily obfuscated or minified, and no obvious malicious functions are detected at a glance. No suspicious network activity or backdoor-like code is immediately visible.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the review, the code does not show clear signs of malicious behavior or malware. There are no obvious backdoors, data exfiltration routines, or suspicious network requests. However, some risk remains if environment variables contain secrets or if dynamic code execution is employed maliciously. Overall, the code seems relatively benign but warrants cautious review of any runtime inputs or external interactions.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 1
}