{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for color manipulation such as alpha compositing, blending, darkening, lightening, and luminance calculation by importing and re-exporting functions from another module.",
  "sources": "Reading input data from function arguments (color strings, numerical values), and importing the './' module which presumably contains color processing functions.",
  "sinks": "Format and parse functions that process color strings; no direct sinks that output untrusted data externally or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "Input arguments are parsed by imported functions, processed, and then formatted back into color strings, representing typical data flow within color processing functions.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to be standard utility functions with well-structured import/export statements. The only notable aspect is the use of a local import ('./') which is common in modular JavaScript code. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious code, or unusual dynamic behavior observed.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a module './' and destructures multiple functions from it. It defines wrapper functions that parse color inputs, process them with imported functions, and then format the output. The code structure and variable naming are consistent with typical color utility libraries. There is no evidence of obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious behavior. The presence of source mapping URL is normal in transpiled code. No external network calls, no data exfiltration, no backdoors, and no hardcoded credentials are present. The code appears to be a standard utility module for color manipulations.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard color utility module that imports functions from another module and provides wrapper functions for color processing. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It is a benign piece of code with typical structure and no suspicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}