{
  "purpose": "Configure and register a Grunt task to run Protractor end-to-end tests with specified configuration files and Selenium drivers.",
  "sources": "Static paths to configuration files ('referenceConf.js', 'protractor.conf.js'), driver JAR and executable files within 'node_modules', and the 'config' parameter passed to the task.",
  "sinks": "No untrusted data flows or data sinks; the code only sets up static configuration for testing.",
  "flows": "The 'loadConfig' function supplies static configuration data; the 'grunt.task.run' executes the 'protractor' task with a specified target based on the 'config' parameter.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies; the code is straightforward, with static paths and no dynamic or obfuscated code. The 'config' parameter influences which test target runs but is a controlled input.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Grunt setup for running Protractor tests, loading static configuration files and driver binaries. It registers a task that merges configuration and executes tests based on a parameter. No untrusted input, network activity, or malicious code is present. The configuration paths are local and fixed, typical for testing environments. No secrets or credentials are hardcoded. The code does not perform any dynamic code execution or data handling that could introduce vulnerabilities. The static nature and dependency on well-known packages reduce the likelihood of malicious behavior. The malware score is 0, as there are no malicious actions. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. The security risk score is low (~0.1-0.2), reflecting the static configuration and lack of external input or secrets. Overall, the code is benign and safe for its intended purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard setup for running Protractor tests via Grunt. It contains no malicious or suspicious behavior, no obfuscation, and no vulnerabilities. The assigned scores are appropriate and consistent with the code's benign nature.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}