{
  "purpose": "The script interacts with Google Analytics API to authenticate, select accounts, properties, profiles, and fetch analytics data, then saves the processed data to a JSON file.",
  "sources": "User input from inquirer prompts (account, web property, profile, start and end dates), external modules (google-auth, google-analytics, caniuse-parser), and the file system (fs.writeFileSync).",
  "sinks": "File writing operation (fs.writeFileSync) storing analytics data locally, console output for status messages, and potential API calls for data retrieval.",
  "flows": "User input (choices and date inputs) flow into API calls (getData), which then flow into the parser and file output. Data from prompts is passed to API functions; the retrieved data is processed and saved.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, API keys, or secrets visible. No suspicious network connections, reverse shells, or data exfiltration observed. The code relies on external modules that handle OAuth2 authentication and API communication. The prompts and data handling are standard for a CLI tool.",
  "analysis": "The code performs a typical OAuth2 flow for Google Analytics, prompting the user for account and profile selection, as well as date ranges. It then fetches data via API calls and saves it locally. No suspicious or malicious behavior is evident, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or unauthorized system modifications. The use of fs.writeFileSync is for data persistence and is not inherently malicious. All external modules appear to be standard for such tasks. The script operates in a user-driven manner with no obfuscated or suspicious code segments. The only external inputs are user selections and date inputs, which are handled securely and passed to legitimate API functions.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a legitimate CLI tool for fetching and saving Google Analytics data. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not contain hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The overall security risk is minimal, and no malicious intent is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}