{
  "purpose": "The code provides a mathematical and logical expression evaluator with functions for various mathematical operations, comparisons, and custom functions like hilbert and hash.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function arguments, scope.get() calls, and scope variables within evaluate and nominate functions.",
  "sinks": "Function calls (f.apply), mathematical operations, and scope.get() which could potentially retrieve untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Input data from args or scope.get() is processed through evaluate, which then may pass untrusted data into functions or mathematical operations, but no external outputs or network calls are present.",
  "anomalies": "Use of a custom hash function, hilbert curve calculation, and complex, obfuscated math functions; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks observed. Randomer usage is limited to internal functions for randomness, not external data exfiltration. No unusual code patterns or obfuscation detected beyond normal code complexity.",
  "analysis": "The code is a mathematical expression evaluator with functions for various math operations and comparison operators. It includes utility functions like hash and hilbert, which are implemented correctly and do not perform external data transmission. No input/output operations, network calls, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. There are no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. The code appears intentionally written for evaluation of expressions with mathematical capabilities. No suspicious behavior or malware patterns identified. The complexity of the hash and hilbert functions is standard for such mathematical utilities and does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical expression evaluator with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or data leakage mechanisms. It appears safe and consistent with its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}