{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript library for dynamic CSS style generation, including functions for creating styles, keyframes, and style sheets, with support for vendor prefixes and nested rules.",
  "sources": "Reads input from template literals, function arguments, and internal helper functions; interacts with DOM elements (document.head, document.createElement).",
  "sinks": "Inserts CSS rules into style sheets via insertRule; accesses DOM elements and properties; potentially writes to document.head.",
  "flows": "Template parts and arguments flow into style and keyframe creation functions, which then generate CSS rules inserted into style sheets; style sheet creation and manipulation is a sink for CSS injection.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. Uses dynamic CSS rule insertion with no evident external communication. The code's obfuscated parts are limited to variable renaming and minification patterns. The commented out console.log line is harmless. No hidden network activity, reverse shells, or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The script is a well-structured CSS-in-JS utility that dynamically creates style rules, keyframes, and style sheets. It performs DOM manipulations to generate and insert CSS rules but does not perform any network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications. There are no suspicious or malicious behaviors such as connecting to unknown domains, mining, or backdoors. Its purpose appears to be legitimate style management. No evidence of obfuscation beyond variable naming and minification patterns; code is readable with clear logic. The only notable activity is dynamic style rule creation, which is common in CSS-in-JS libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate CSS-in-JS utility library with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It safely manipulates style sheets for styling purposes without external network activity or harmful side effects. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}