{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebGL-based 3D viewer for IFC models, including binary data parsing, rendering, and user interaction handling.",
  "sources": "Reads binary data from URL, Blob, or File sources; processes input for model geometry and textures; reads pixel data for ID picking; handles user input events for interaction.",
  "sinks": "Creates and binds WebGL textures and buffers; reads pixel data from framebuffer for ID extraction; reads binary data for geometry parsing.",
  "flows": "Fetches binary data -> parses geometry -> uploads data to GPU buffers and textures -> performs rendering -> reads pixel color for ID detection.",
  "anomalies": "Code extensively uses WebGL textures and framebuffer operations for color-coded ID picking, which is normal for such viewers. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network connections are evident. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or misleading variables are present. The code appears well-structured, with legitimate rendering and interaction functions.",
  "analysis": "The code loads and renders IFC models using WebGL, with standard data parsing and GPU data uploads. It implements user interaction (mouse and wheel events) and performs color-coded ID picking via framebuffer readback. No suspicious network activity, hidden code, or malicious data leaks are detected. No use of eval, dynamic code injection, or obfuscated code. The use of framebuffer readback for ID detection is typical for object picking in 3D viewers. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage in the provided code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate WebGL-based 3D IFC model viewer with typical features such as model loading, rendering, and user interaction. It does not contain malware, hidden network activity, or sabotage code. The design and structure indicate intended functionality aligned with 3D visualization. Confidence in this conclusion is high.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}