{
  "purpose": "This code provides support for CSS feature queries and vendor prefixing, including parsing, processing, and manipulating CSS rules and support queries.",
  "sources": "Requires external modules (browsers, brackets, value, utils, postcss), reads data from 'caniuse-db/features-json/css-featurequeries.json', and processes input strings via the 'parse', 'process', and 'remove' methods.",
  "sinks": "Methods that modify or generate CSS rule ASTs (e.g., 'parse', 'virtual', 'prefixed', 'add', 'process'), which could potentially be used to generate malicious CSS if fed with untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Input strings to 'parse' and 'process' methods, which generate and modify CSS ASTs, then serialize back to strings via 'brackets.stringify'. Data flows from external input through parsing, manipulation, and output generation.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors. No hardcoded credentials, network activity, or suspicious data handling. The code performs standard CSS parsing and prefixing logic. Functions like 'remove', 'add', 'normalize' are standard for CSS tools.",
  "analysis": "The code is a CSS support utility focusing on prefixing and feature support queries. It loads data on browser support, manipulates CSS ASTs, and adds/removes support rules. No indications of malicious behavior or malicious code patterns. All external dependencies appear standard. The use of 'postcss' and 'brackets' for CSS parsing is common in CSS processing tools. No network activity, no data leakage, no suspicious code flows, and no hardcoded secrets. The overall logic is aligned with typical CSS processing workflows.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a standard CSS prefixing and support query utility without malicious intent. It uses common patterns and libraries for CSS AST manipulation. No malware or security risks identified based on the code provided.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}