{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be part of a CSS feature support and prefixing utility, used to parse, analyze, and manipulate CSS feature queries and support rules for different browsers.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from 'caniuse-db/features-json/css-featurequeries.json', and it also requires local modules './browsers', './brackets', './value', './utils', and external 'postcss'. It does not take external input directly but processes CSS feature data.",
  "sinks": "The code processes CSS rules and declarations, creating and manipulating CSS AST nodes via 'postcss'. It does not directly write to files or send data over networks, but it could generate modified CSS output.",
  "flows": "Sources (data loading and module requires) → Processing functions (parsing CSS feature queries, prefixing, removal, normalization) → Modification of CSS AST nodes and rules",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The code uses standard modules and patterns. No unusual code patterns or dynamic code execution detected. It appears to be a legitimate CSS prefixing and support utility.",
  "analysis": "The script loads browser support data, determines supported browsers for CSS features, and provides functions to parse, prefix, remove, and normalize CSS feature queries. It uses 'postcss' for CSS AST manipulations. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network communication, file system access, or data exfiltration. The code performs standard support detection and CSS modification tasks. No suspicious or malicious patterns are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate CSS support and prefixing utility module with no signs of malicious intent. It performs data parsing, CSS AST manipulation, and browser support detection securely. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware indications are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}