{
  "purpose": "This code implements a singleton class 'Sonorous' that manages Web Audio API context and multiple sound objects ('Sonor'). It provides an API for controlling audio playback, volume, muting, and event handling within a web application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from event listeners ('unload', 'pagehide'), parameters passed to methods ('src', 'options', 'id', 'eventName', 'callback'), and internal object properties.",
  "sinks": "Methods that could potentially lead to data leaks or effect include event emitter callbacks, 'addSonor' and 'removeSonor' for managing sound objects, and property setters for volume/mute controls. No direct untrusted data sinks like network requests or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input sources (event listeners, method parameters) flow into internal state updates, event emissions, and method calls that modify or retrieve 'Sonor' instances or control audio context. No evident malicious flow from source to sink.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains standard patterns for managing Web Audio API contexts and sound objects. No suspicious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code structures. The only potential concern is the lack of validation for 'src' in 'addSonor', but this is typical for sound source inputs.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured audio management module using Web Audio API. It initializes and manages audio contexts, sound objects, and event handlers. All data flows are typical for such a module. No signs of obfuscated code, malicious payloads, or malicious behavior are detected. The code does not perform any network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications. Event handling and property setters are standard. There are no hidden backdoors or malicious logic present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured audio management library for web applications with no detectable malicious behavior or security risks. It manages audio contexts and sound objects without suspicious patterns. No malware signals found.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}