{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebSocket-based client for communication with a server, including message encoding/decoding and handling request-response patterns.",
  "sources": "Data is read from socket messages ('message' event), URL construction for WebSocket connection, input parameters for init, request, and notify functions, and encoded message payloads.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include socket.send() for outgoing messages, console logs, and callback invocations that handle received data.",
  "flows": "Input data from socket ('message' event) flows through decode, then either processes batch messages or individual messages, potentially invoking callbacks or emitting events. Outgoing data from request and notify functions flows through encode into socket.send().",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic message encoding and decoding; no hardcoded secrets or credentials are evident. The encode function uses a custom Protocol which converts objects to a string payload; no suspicious obfuscation or obfuscated code is present. WebSocket URL is constructed with user-supplied host and port, but no malicious domain logic. The code includes standard event handling and reconnection logic. No malicious code patterns such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system modifications are identified.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a WebSocket client that connects to a specified server URL and manages message exchange with encoding/decoding functions. The Protocol.encode and Protocol.decode functions serialize messages into a custom binary-like format and back. The code supports request-response via callbacks stored in an object keyed by message IDs, and server push messages are emitted as events. No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or malicious payloads are present. The data flow is straightforward and typical for websocket-based clients. No suspicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, system modification, or malicious payload injection are evident. The code appears standard, with no signs of obfuscation or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code functions as a standard WebSocket client with message serialization, request-response handling, and event emission. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks within this module. It appears safe and typical for such use cases.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}