{
  "purpose": "This code defines a 'Blackhole' class that creates a proxy object which can be used to intercept and control property access and modifications, potentially to prevent or monitor changes to an object.",
  "sources": "Object property access, property assignment, and object creation within the Blackhole constructor and proxyRecursively function.",
  "sinks": "Property assignments and potential recursive proxy creation that could obscure data flow, but no direct data leaks or malicious sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Input data (object) is processed recursively or non-recursively into proxies; property access and assignment flow through these proxies, but the proxies only block deletion and do not perform malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "The deleteProperty handler always returns false, preventing deletion; dynamic proxy creation and recursive wrapping could be used to obscure or interfere with property management. No suspicious hardcoded secrets or unusual code patterns are evident. The code structure is straightforward and standard.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a proxy-based wrapper around objects, primarily to prevent deletion of properties, with options for recursive proxying. It does not include any network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious backdoors. The recursive proxying can be used for monitoring or tampering, but no malicious intent is explicitly apparent. The code avoids obfuscation and uses clear JavaScript features. No malicious behavior, such as data theft or remote control, is present. The main purpose appears to be object access control or suppression of deletion.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a controlled object wrapper that prevents property deletion and supports recursive proxying. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. The structure is straightforward, with no suspicious features or malicious sinks. Overall, it is a benign utility module, with a low risk of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}