{
  "purpose": "This script downloads a tarball from a specified source, extracts it, installs dependencies via npm, and updates a configuration file with provided arguments. It automates project setup.",
  "sources": "args.source (URL to fetch archive), process.env.PWD (current working directory), args (configuration data)",
  "sinks": "npm install execution, filesystem writes (overwrite config), network fetch from args.source",
  "flows": "Fetch archive from args.source -> extract to temporary directory -> rename to target directory -> run 'npm install' in target -> overwrite configuration file with args data",
  "anomalies": "Use of process.env.PWD without validation, fetching from untrusted URL without validation, overwriting configuration with unverified args, no input sanitization or validation, no integrity checks on downloaded archive",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard setup operations: downloading an archive, extracting it, installing dependencies, and writing configuration data. It relies on environment variables and external URLs without validation, which introduces supply chain risks. No malicious code, obfuscation, or backdoors are present. The main concern is trusting external sources and environment variables, which could be exploited if maliciously controlled. The code's operations are straightforward and clear, with no signs of malware or obfuscation. The malware score is 0, and obfuscated score is 0. The security risk score should be higher due to unvalidated external input; a score around 0.6 is justified, but current assessments vary between 0.2 and 0.4. Considering the potential for supply chain attack, a risk score of 0.6 best reflects the inherent danger of fetching and executing untrusted code, even if the code itself is benign.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a typical setup utility with inherent supply chain risks stemming from fetching code from untrusted sources and using environment variables without validation. No malicious activity or obfuscation is detected. The primary security concern is the trustworthiness of external inputs. The malware and obfuscated scores are appropriate at 0. The risk score should be increased to approximately 0.6 to better represent the potential danger of supply chain compromise due to unvalidated external sources.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}