{
  "purpose": "This code provides integration and automation for trading on Hyperliquid, including placing spot trades, checking token prices, and cancelling orders. It defines validation schemas, handlers for trading actions, and plugin configuration.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from user messages, conversation templates, runtime configuration settings (e.g., private keys, testnet flags), and external API responses from Hyperliquid SDK calls (token info, market prices, order statuses).",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data flows into API calls (placeOrder, getSpotMetaAndAssetCtxs, cancelAllOrders). User messages influence actions and parameters. API responses are processed without sanitization but are primarily used for informational purposes. No code injection or data leaks are evident. The code does not write data to files, system commands, or environment variables beyond read-only configuration. It does not perform network connections outside the SDK's API calls.",
  "flows": "User input messages -> validation schemas -> handlers invoke SDK methods -> SDK responses -> handlers process and respond. The SDK handles external interactions with Hyperliquid API, with no direct system or network code outside SDK calls.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are embedded in the code. The private key is fetched from runtime settings, which is standard. No backdoors, hidden commands, or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code relies on external SDKs and conversation templates. No signs of obfuscation or code injection are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs expected functions for a trading plugin: validation of user input, interaction with external SDK for trading and data retrieval, and callback-based communication. All external data flows are standard API interactions with no suspicious modifications or data leaks. The SDK calls are configured with secrets obtained from runtime settings, which is typical. The code does not perform any self-modifying, malicious, or stealth operations. It follows typical design patterns for such plugins, with no anomalies or malicious behaviors detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard trading plugin for Hyperliquid, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It handles user data and external API interactions in a typical manner without suspicious or harmful behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}