{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define an environment for managing variables, constants, and their formulas, likely for scientific or engineering calculations involving units and error propagation. It includes methods for adding values, parsing, and formatting data, as well as generating LaTeX tables.",
  "sources": "Reads data from 'vars' and 'consts' objects passed to the Env constructor; accesses 'labs-core' package functions; requires external modules './latex', 'lodash', 'decimal.js'. No user input or external data sources detected.",
  "sinks": "No evident sinks where untrusted data is processed or transmitted. The code primarily performs calculations, validation, and formatting internally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'vars' and 'consts' into internal structures; formulas depend on other constants/variables; data is processed for calculations and formatting. No external network or system commands are invoked.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors detected. The code uses standard validation, parsing, and mathematical operations. No obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution, and no suspicious dependencies. The code is structured clearly with validation and error handling.",
  "analysis": "The code performs data validation (e.g., variable names), dependency validation (detects circular dependencies), and manages variable values with associated units and errors. It utilizes third-party libraries for mathematical precision and data manipulation. Formula parsing and evaluation rely on 'Exp' objects from 'labs-core'. No network activity, no system commands, and no data exfiltration routines. The code's purpose is to handle scientific data with error propagation and formatting, without any indication of malicious intent. The overall structure appears legitimate, with focus on data integrity, validation, and presentation.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard scientific calculation environment with robust validation and formatting features. It does not contain malicious behavior, suspicious anomalies, or security risks. It appears to be well-structured application code intended for data analysis and presentation, not malicious or sabotage code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}