{
  "purpose": "This code appears to generate and render batches of SVG rectangles and circles with random attributes for visualization or testing purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'probable', 'idmaker', and 'd3-selection' modules, as well as from the DOM (appending divs and svg elements). It also generates random IDs and attributes internally.",
  "sinks": "The code updates the DOM by appending SVG elements with random attributes, but there are no obvious data sinks that could leak data or cause harm. No external network communication or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Random IDs and attributes are generated internally via 'probable' and 'idmaker', then used to create SVG elements appended to the DOM, with continuous updates via setInterval and fps ticker.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code uses standard libraries for visualization and randomness. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution is present. The use of 'probable' for randomness appears benign.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes a framerate display and uses 'fps' to monitor performance. It creates batches of random SVG rects and circles with random positions, sizes, and colors, updating approximately 60 times per second. Dependencies are standard and serve visualization. No external data is read from or written to untrusted sources, no network activity, no sensitive data handling, or credential use observed. The code operates purely on client-side DOM manipulation and random data generation. All modules and functions are used in a straightforward manner without suspicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign visualization/testing script that generates animated SVG shapes with random properties. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data leakage, or supply chain attacks within this module. No malicious intent or malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}