{
  "purpose": "The code generates and renders batches of SVG rectangle and circle elements with random attributes, primarily for visual or performance testing purposes.",
  "sources": "Data sources include 'probable' for random number generation, 'idmaker' for creating IDs, and 'd3-selection' for DOM manipulation and SVG rendering. Inputs are also derived from the 'fps' library for frame rate measurement.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation and SVG rendering via 'd3' methods (append, attr, select), which affect the webpage. No untrusted external data flows are evident. No data leaks or system effects are present.",
  "flows": "Random IDs and attributes are generated and assigned to SVG elements, which are then rendered to the DOM. The frame rate measurement flows from 'fps' to display but does not impact system security.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. The code appears to be intended for performance or visual testing. No obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or hidden behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The script imports libraries for rendering (RenderBatch, d3), random data generation ('probable', 'idmaker'), and frame rate monitoring ('fps'). It creates a frame rate display, generates a batch of IDs, and class specifications with some randomness. It defines functions to render batches of SVG rects and circles with random positions, sizes, and colors, updating the SVG DOM repeatedly. The code uses 'setInterval' to refresh the display at ~60 FPS, and the rendering functions utilize random values for visual properties without external input. No code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious network activity is present. The structure and operations are consistent with performance testing or visualization tools, with no suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for rendering random SVG shapes and measuring frame rate, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It does not perform any harmful operations or contain malicious payloads.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}