{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions such as noop, wait, debounce, isDefined, throttle, defer, and a polyfill for the current time function 'now'. These are intended for general use in asynchronous and timing-related operations within JavaScript projects.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external inputs or data sources. It defines functions and variables internally, such as 'process.hrtime', 'performance', and 'Date.now', to determine the method for obtaining current time.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that handle untrusted or external data. The functions are utility methods that do not process user input or output data to external systems.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows involving untrusted data or external inputs. The 'now' function adapts to the runtime environment but does not process external data.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, obfuscation, or unusual code behavior detected. The code consists solely of standard utility functions and environment checks. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several utility functions for timing and function control, including noop, wait, debounce, isDefined, throttle, and defer. It includes environment detection to polyfill the 'now' function for different JavaScript runtimes, such as Node.js and browsers. All functions perform common, benign operations related to asynchronous control, timing, and environment compatibility. No external data processing, network communication, or security-sensitive operations are implemented. The code is straightforward, well-structured, and does not contain suspicious constructs or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions for timing and control flow, with environment-specific adaptations. No malicious behavior, security risks, or obfuscated code are evident. The functions are safe, and there are no signs of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}