{
  "purpose": "Define and manage virtual attributes in a Mongoose schema, allowing custom getters and setters for virtual properties.",
  "sources": "Require statement for './utils'; constructor function parameters; methods that set or get virtual property values.",
  "sinks": "Getter and setter functions applied to virtual properties; potential for malicious code injection if custom getters/setters are maliciously modified.",
  "flows": "Initialization of VirtualType object -> registration of custom getters/setters -> application of getters/setters to values during data access and mutation.",
  "anomalies": "No signs of hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious network activity. The code mainly deals with defining virtuals and applying functions. No unusual logic or side effects are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a VirtualType class for handling virtual attributes in Mongoose schemas. It allows adding custom getters and setters, which are stored internally and invoked during value retrieval and assignment. The _applyDefaultGetters method adds default getter/setter functions accessing internal properties, which is standard for managing virtuals. The clone method copies the VirtualType instance with its accessors. There is no code that performs network requests, file operations, or any suspicious behavior. The only potential concern could be the use of user-supplied functions as getters/setters, but this is standard in schema design. The 'utils' module is required but not inspected; assuming it's benign as its content isn't suspicious. Overall, the code appears benign and intended for schema virtual property management.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for managing virtual attributes in Mongoose. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident. It securely supports user-defined getters and setters, with no signs of sabotage or harmful code.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}