{
  "purpose": "This code facilitates a networked remote procedure call (RPC) system using a tunnel mechanism for communication between clients and servers, allowing dynamic function invocation and response handling.",
  "sources": "Code reads input via network events 'onNet' (listening for incoming requests and responses) and function parameters provided during invocation.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'emitNet' to send network requests and responses, potentially exposing data over network channels.",
  "flows": "Incoming network requests ('tunnel_req') trigger handler execution; responses ('tunnel_res') resolve stored callbacks. Function calls generate unique IDs, send requests over the network, and await responses.",
  "anomalies": "Code uses dynamic property access with proxies, which can be a sign of obfuscation if misused; no hardcoded credentials or secrets are evident. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected. The 'id' generation and callback management appear standard.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a typical RPC pattern with network event handlers and promise-based request-response flow. It relies on external 'onNet' and 'emitNet' functions, presumably provided by the environment, to handle network communication. The 'getInterface' function creates proxies to dynamically handle method calls, which are sent over the network with unique IDs tracked in a callback map. The 'bindInterface' function registers handlers for incoming requests, executing them asynchronously and sending back results. There are no signs of data leakage, hardcoded secrets, or malicious actions. No suspicious behaviors like code injection, system manipulation, or data exfiltration are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate RPC system used for client-server communication, with no evident malicious behavior or security risks. It implements dynamic request handling securely within its context. No malware signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}