{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of functions to verify faces by sending images (via file paths, URLs, or blobs) to a specified API endpoint for facial verification.",
  "sources": "The code reads image files from file system paths (fs.createReadStream), downloads images from URLs (axios.get), and uses input parameters for image paths or URLs provided by the caller.",
  "sinks": "The data is sent via HTTP POST requests using axios, including image data and API keys in headers. It interacts with external API endpoints specified by URL parameters.",
  "flows": "Input image paths or URLs flow into form-data payloads; the data is then sent via axios POST requests to specified API endpoints, including the 'x-api-key' header for authentication.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses 'fs' to read local files and makes HTTP requests with user-supplied URLs and API keys. It handles multiple image input methods (file paths, URLs, blobs). No explicit hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. Some functions may re-use variables (e.g., inconsistent handling of 'path_is_url' and 'path_is_blob') but do not exhibit malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The module is designed for facial verification by uploading images from files, URLs, or blobs to an external API. It dynamically constructs form data and manages multiple asynchronous HTTP requests. No code indicates malicious activities like data exfiltration, command execution, or hidden backdoors. The use of API keys is standard, though their handling depends on external caller safety. There is no obfuscated code, suspicious network activity, or malicious logic. Overall, the code appears legitimate and focused on its intended image verification function.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility for facial verification through external API calls, with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It relies on external inputs (file paths, URLs, API keys), which should be validated outside this code for security. No malware indicators or security risks are evident within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}