{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to perform face verification requests using images from various sources (file paths, URLs, blobs, base64), sending data to a specified API endpoint.",
  "sources": "Reads image files from filesystem (fs.createReadStream, fs.statSync), fetches images from URLs (axios.get), and uses input parameters for paths or URLs.",
  "sinks": "Sends HTTP POST requests to specified endpoints with image data, including API keys in headers, and streams or JSON payloads containing potentially untrusted image data.",
  "flows": "Sources (file streams, URL responses) are fed into form-data payloads which are then sent via axios.post to external API endpoints. API keys are included in headers for each request.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code handles multiple input types (file, URL, blob, base64) in a standard manner. No unusual or misleading variable names. Consistent use of API keys in headers, but no validation or sanitization of inputs. The code assumes external API is trustworthy; no validation of responses or endpoints. No evident obfuscation or dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The module defines multiple functions for face verification by constructing form-data payloads from various input sources—files, URLs, blobs, base64 strings. It appropriately streams data and manages HTTP requests with axios, including API keys in headers. The functions do not contain hardcoded credentials or backdoors. All data handling appears to be straightforward and intended for API communication. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, unauthorized network connections beyond the intended API requests, or hidden malicious code. The code properly manages asynchronous operations and error handling without any signs of obfuscation or malware. Overall, this is standard application code for interfacing with a face verification API, with no security risks detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation for sending image data to an external face verification service. It handles various input types securely and without suspicious activity. There are no indications of malicious intent or security vulnerabilities within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}