{
  "purpose": "This source code implements various linear regression models (Ols, Gls, Wls) with functionalities for statistical analysis, residual diagnostics, and summary reporting in JavaScript.",
  "sources": "Input data for endogenous and exogenous variables, environment variables for configuration (none explicitly used here), and external dependencies such as require() calls for distribution functions, matrix operations, and math libraries.",
  "sinks": "Calculation of statistical metrics, output to console (via console.log), and potential data handling in model attributes. No data is transmitted externally or written to files within this code.",
  "flows": "Input data is processed through class constructors, model fitting methods, and statistical calculations, with key data flowing from input variables through mathematical operations to model parameters, residuals, and statistical summaries.",
  "anomalies": "Use of multiple external dependencies, including potentially unnecessary or auxiliary libraries (e.g., 'mathjs', 'cholesky') for matrix computations. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code identified. No suspicious network activity or hidden code present. The code appears to be a standard statistical modeling implementation.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for linear regression models with methods for data preprocessing, model fitting, residual analysis, and reporting. The require() statements load distribution functions and matrix tools, which are used for statistical calculations. The functions and classes operate on provided data, perform standard statistical computations, and output results via console.log. No data transmission, external network requests, or suspicious file operations are evident. Dependencies are typical for statistical computations and do not inherently suggest malicious intent. The code structure and logic follow standard patterns for regression analysis without obfuscated or malicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of linear regression models with statistical diagnostics. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware-like activity is detected. It uses external libraries appropriately and performs standard calculations. Thus, it has a very low likelihood of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}