{
  "purpose": "The code implements linear regression models (Ols, Gls, Wls) with statistical calculations, data preprocessing, and model summaries for JavaScript-based statistical analysis.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters (endog, exog, weights), uses require statements to import external modules (e.g., 'mathjs', '../distributions', '../tools'), and reads process environment (for console width).",
  "sinks": "Outputs model summaries to console via console.log(). No data is sent over the network, written to files, or exposed externally within this code. No code injection points are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into model classes, undergoes computations (matrix operations, statistical functions), and results are stored in object properties. The summary method prints to console; no external data transmission occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs detected. The code uses standard libraries and statistical methods without obfuscation or dynamic code execution. No suspicious network calls, file manipulations, or environment variable misuse are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a robust set of linear regression classes with detailed statistical calculations, including residuals, significance testing, and model fit measures. External modules are used for math operations and distributions, but no risky or malicious functions are invoked. The only output is console printing of model summaries, which is standard for such applications. No dynamic code evaluation, network calls, or credential handling is observed. The code appears purely for statistical modeling purposes with standard dependencies and no hidden or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a standard implementation of linear regression models with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It uses external libraries appropriately, performs expected statistical computations, and only outputs results to the console. No malicious activity such as data exfiltration, system modification, or backdoors is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}