{
  "purpose": "This source code implements various linear regression models (Ols, Gls, Wls) with auxiliary functions for data manipulation and statistical analysis, including model fitting, residual analysis, and summary output.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from parameters such as 'endog', 'exog', and 'weights'. It also reads from required modules ('../distributions', '../tools', 'mathjs', 'cholesky') and accesses process.stdout.columns for terminal output formatting.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs a formatted regression summary string via console.log(). No other apparent sinks are present. It processes data internally without external network connections, file system access, or data exfiltration functions.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function parameters into class constructors, then into internal data structures during model setup and fit processes. Data flows through matrix operations during regression fitting. Summary data flows into console output.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious data leaks. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected. The code performs standard statistical calculations and model fitting procedures. The only minor concern is the import of 'cholesky' and 'mathjs' for matrix operations, which are legitimate but require validation for safety.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured implementation of linear regression models with standard statistical methods and output formatting. It uses external dependencies for matrix computations and statistical distributions but does not exhibit any code injection, dynamic execution, or network activity. The use of 'mathjs' and 'cholesky' for matrix operations appears normal. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behavior are identified. The console.log() output is for reporting purposes only. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate statistical library component without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard implementation of linear regression models with no evidence of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It relies on legitimate external libraries for matrix operations and statistical calculations. No suspicious or malicious activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}