{
  "purpose": "This script manages building, packaging, and optionally uploading precompiled native modules for different environments and platforms, mainly for Electron or Node.js applications.",
  "sources": "User-supplied command line arguments (argv), environment variables (process.env), package.json configuration, and external inputs such as npm config variables.",
  "sinks": "Execution of child processes (spawn), file system operations (fs.unlinkSync, fs.copySync, fs.mkdirSync), network upload via 'prebuild/upload', and tarball creation. Also, environment variables are set and passed to subprocesses.",
  "flows": "Command-line arguments and environment variables influence target selection and build parameters; build functions invoke child processes to compile native modules; tarGz archives files; uploadFiles uploads files to external server based on a token.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors detected. The code performs standard build automation and packaging tasks. The only external interaction involves uploading prebuilds to GitHub, which requires a token, but this is a typical pattern. No obfuscated code, malicious network connections, or unusual behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes build targets based on command-line arguments, environment variables, and package configurations, then sequentially builds native modules for each target. It manages platform-specific configurations and environment settings for child processes. The 'uploadFiles' function communicates with an external service, requiring a GitHub token, but this is part of standard upload procedures. The file system operations are straightforward, copying configuration files and creating tarballs. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, stealth network activity, or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical build and packaging script for native Node.js modules, with no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. It performs expected tasks with standard libraries and external modules. While it handles environment-sensitive operations, these are appropriate for build automation and do not pose security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}