{
  "purpose": "The code implements a JavaScript SDK client for interacting with the Alammex API, providing methods to fetch swap quotes and transaction data related to decentralized asset swaps on blockchain networks.",
  "sources": "API response parsing, environment variables, and HTTP request parameters. External dependencies: 'axios' for HTTP requests.",
  "sinks": "Network requests via axios.post, which send potentially sensitive data such as API keys and transaction payloads to external servers.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (e.g., asset IDs, amounts, API keys) through functions that prepare request data, which are then sent over the network to external API endpoints. API responses are parsed into internal objects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. The code performs standard API interactions, with parameters that appear to be securely passed. No backdoors, data leaks, or hidden malicious code observed. The only noteworthy point is the reliance on external API calls with potentially sensitive data, but this aligns with the SDK's intended functionality.",
  "analysis": "The code defines data structures for representing quotes, routes, transactions, and a client class for interacting with the Alammex API. The client methods fetch data from external endpoints using axios, passing in user-provided parameters including asset IDs, amounts, and API keys. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration or system manipulation are present. The external dependencies are standard and necessary for the SDK's operation. The code does not perform any unsafe or insecure operations beyond standard network requests. There is no evidence of malware, cryptomining, reverse shells, or unauthorized data access. The network requests involve passing user data to external servers as part of the API's functionality, which is expected for an SDK of this nature.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate SDK client for interacting with the Alammex API, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs standard API interactions and data parsing. Although it transmits potentially sensitive data over the network, this aligns with its intended purpose and does not constitute malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}