{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client SDK for interacting with the Alammex API, facilitating swap quotes and transaction execution on blockchain networks.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters such as chain type, API keys, API endpoints, transaction data, and configuration options for swap quotes and transactions.",
  "sinks": "Sends HTTP POST requests to external API endpoints (https://app.alammex.com/api/...) using axios, transmitting API parameters, tokens, and transaction payloads.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., fromASAId, toASAId, amount, address, quote data) flow into fetchApiData via axios POST requests, and responses (API data) are processed into internal data structures like AlammexQuote and AlammexTransactionGroup.",
  "anomalies": "Code dynamically constructs URLs based on chain type; uses external HTTP requests to an external domain. No hardcoded credentials observed. The code appears structured for API interaction; no backdoors or hidden behaviors evident.",
  "analysis": "The code acts as a wrapper SDK for API interactions with the Alammex service. It includes classes to model responses and client methods to fetch swap quotes and execute transactions. The axios POST requests send transaction and quote parameters to the external server. No suspicious code or obfuscated logic is present. The URL construction is straightforward and based on the chain type. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious network activity are evident. The code appears legitimate and well-structured for its purpose.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a standard SDK for API communication with the Alammex platform. It does not contain malicious behavior, obfuscation, or suspicious activities. It properly interacts with external API endpoints to fetch data and submit transactions. The code is consistent with its intended purpose and does not exhibit malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}