{
  "purpose": "The code is a template pre-processor and loader for Webpack, supporting include directives, caching, and template rendering.",
  "sources": "Reads files from the filesystem (fs.readFileSync, fs.existsSync), reads input source code, and processes loader query options.",
  "sinks": "File system operations (reading files), console logs for missing files, and dynamic string construction for module export.",
  "flows": "Source code is processed through preComplie, which reads template files and replaces include directives; then the source is compiled into a template and exported.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically reads files based on include directives, which could be exploited if user-controlled input influences the file paths. However, path joining with path.join and existence checks mitigate direct path traversal. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code are evident. The use of console.log for missing files is benign. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code reads source templates, processes include directives, and dynamically loads additional template parts from the filesystem. It uses caching to avoid re-reading files. No user input directly influences file paths without validation, and path joins prevent directory traversal attacks. The template rendering and configuration are standard. There are no suspicious network operations, data leaks, or backdoors. The code primarily performs file reading, string manipulation, and template compilation, which are typical for such a loader. No malware or malicious behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate template pre-processor for Webpack, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It processes include directives safely, uses caching, and exports compiled templates. No indicators of malware or sabotage are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}