{
  "purpose": "This code defines Angular directives and components for enabling item selection within a UI, including selection rectangles, click and drag behaviors, and disabling text selection. It primarily manages user interactions for selecting DOM elements with visual feedback.",
  "sources": "The code reads user input events (mouse down, move, up, scroll), DOM element attributes, and native element dimensions via ElementRef and EventListeners. It also reads environmental variables indirectly through event data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulations (style changes, attribute settings), event emissions (data EventEmitter), and access to element attributes. No direct data leaks or insecure operations are present.",
  "flows": "User interactions (mouse events) flow into selection logic, triggering coordinate calculations, class toggling, and event emissions. These flows are standard UI event handling patterns, with no untrusted data flow to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code employs standard Angular practices. No unusual code patterns, obfuscation, or dynamic code execution detected. No external network connections or suspicious behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code implements selection functionalities with multiple directives and a component managing selection rectangles and user interactions. It uses event listeners for mouse and scroll events, coordinate calculations for selection areas, and class toggling for visual feedback. All data is processed within the DOM and user input context. There are no signs of malicious data handling, external communications, or harmful operations. The logic appears to be well-structured for a UI selection feature, with appropriate event management and style control.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard Angular implementation for selectable UI elements, with no indications of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It manages user interactions for selection purposes securely and transparently, with no external data leaks or harmful behaviors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}