{
  "purpose": "The code provides Angular directives and components related to selectable UI elements, enabling selection, filtering, and styling within an Angular application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from element attributes, element bounding rectangles, and event objects (mouse events, scroll positions, elementFromPoint).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include JSON.stringify() and JSON.parse() for data serialization, DOM manipulation via Renderer2 for style and class changes, and event emitters emitting selection data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from element attributes and event objects (sources) through methods that determine selection state and bounding rectangle calculations, culminating in emitting selection data via the EventEmitter. Styling and class modifications are performed on DOM elements through Renderer2 during selection operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code does not include obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or suspicious hidden behaviors. Event listeners are properly scoped; no code attempts to access environment variables or system data. All code appears to be standard UI handling logic for selection features.",
  "analysis": "The code implements selection functionality via Angular directives and components. It handles mouse events for selection rectangles, determines overlapping of elements for selection, manages CSS classes and styles dynamically, and emits selected data. The use of JSON serialization/deserialization is standard for handling data objects. No evidence of malicious network activity, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms is present. The code relies on common Angular patterns, event handling, and DOM manipulation. It does not process external inputs in a way that suggests security risks. No suspicious or malicious logic such as sending system info, accessing environment variables maliciously, or executing arbitrary code is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard Angular UI selection module with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It focuses on UI interaction and data handling for selectable items. The implementation is consistent with expected patterns, and no malicious signals are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}