{
  "purpose": "The code generates audio waveforms, constructs WAV files, and manages audio playback. It appears to be a sound synthesis library for creating procedural sound effects or music.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters, object properties, and audio buffer structures. It also reads from Math.random() for amplitude variation, and URL.createObjectURL for generating object URLs from files.",
  "sinks": "Creates and plays audio via HTMLAudioElement, generates object URLs for audio blobs, and outputs files via the File constructor. It does not write or send data over the network.",
  "flows": "Data flows from parameters into waveform and buffer creation functions, culminating in audio playback or WAV file generation. Math.random() influences amplitude calculations, and URL.createObjectURL outputs URL for the generated audio blob.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive obfuscated-like structure within the helper class definitions, but no suspicious code such as network requests, credential storage, or data exfiltration. The use of Math.random() is for waveform amplitude variation, not malicious. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected. The code includes complex, possibly obfuscated struct definitions but they appear related to data formatting.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs procedural audio synthesis, file creation, and playback. No network calls, data exfiltration, or suspicious system manipulations are present. The only external interactions involve creating object URLs and playing audio, which are standard for browser-based audio applications. The use of Math.random() is limited to waveform amplitude variations, which does not suggest malicious intent. The complex structure definitions are related to data formatting for WAV files and are not suspicious. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are found. Overall, the code appears to be a sound generation library with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate sound synthesis and playback module for web applications. It contains no signs of malware or malicious behavior. The complex data structure definitions are related to formatting audio data and do not indicate sabotage. No network activity or data leakage is observed. Overall, the code is safe and not malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}