{
  "purpose": "Define a Calendar component class with configuration, event handling, and localization support for a UI calendar widget.",
  "sources": "Imports from '@zeedhi/core' and '@zeedhi/common', initialization of properties and localization messages, data input through constructor props, and methods handling events and state updates.",
  "sinks": "Event callbacks (callEvent), updates to this.calendarEvents array, and localization message additions.",
  "flows": "Initialization of properties from props, event handling methods invoking callEvent, and updating internal state (calendarEvents), with localization messages being added during module load.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no use of eval, dynamic code execution, or suspicious network calls. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. The only notable point is the addition of localization messages and version info, which are standard. The class methods are typical for a UI component. No malicious patterns observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines a Calendar component with configurable properties, event callbacks, and localization support. It imports necessary modules, sets default values, initializes from props, and provides methods for navigation, event management, and user interactions. The localization messages cover multiple languages and are added during module load, which is standard. Version info is retrieved from package.json and registered with VersionService. No code performs external network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications. The code structure and logic are typical for a React-like component class. No anomalies or suspicious behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a calendar UI component with localization and event handling features. It contains no malicious behavior or security risks. It is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}