{
  "purpose": "This code defines a calendar component library for Angular, including services and multiple view components (month, week, day). Its purpose is to render and manage calendar views and handle user interactions with events and dates.",
  "sources": "The code reads input properties such as eventSource, configuration templates, formatting strings, and localization settings. It also reads internal state from services and DOM elements, such as scroll positions and active slide indices.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include event emitters that output user interactions, such as onEventSelected, onTimeSelected, and range changes. DOM event listeners on scroll events. No network or external system calls are present in the code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input properties into internal components and services. User interactions trigger event emitters. Services manage state updates and propagate changes via observables. View components subscribe to observables and react accordingly. No external data or network operations are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code uses standard Angular features, templates, event handling, and dependency injection. No obfuscated or malicious code segments are present. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of a calendar UI library.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises Angular components, services, and modules for rendering calendar views with event handling and localization support. It subscribes to observables for synchronizing state, manages user interactions, and updates the UI accordingly. No suspicious external calls, code injections, or data leaks are observed. The overall structure and logic are consistent with a typical calendar UI library. No anomalies or malicious patterns detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Angular-based calendar component library with no evident malicious intent. It utilizes common patterns and practices for UI rendering and event management without any suspicious behavior or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}