{
  "purpose": "The code implements a comprehensive Angular calendar module with components for month, week, and day views, including a calendar service for managing state and interactions. Its primary purpose is to provide a reusable, configurable calendar UI with event handling and customization options.",
  "sources": "Inputs from parent components (e.g., eventSource, templates, configuration parameters), event emitters for communication, and internal methods for data processing and view updates.",
  "sinks": "Event emitters signaling selection, range changes, and title updates; internal methods updating views; interaction with DOM elements for scroll positioning.",
  "flows": "Data flows from inputs into view models; user interactions trigger emitters and state updates; internal methods process event data, update views, and coordinate with CalendarService for navigation and data refresh.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious hard-coded URLs. No dynamic code execution, eval, or obfuscated code segments. Templates and styles are static and related to UI layout. No external network calls or system access outside Angular scope.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured as an Angular module with components that use inputs, outputs, and a service for state management. Components handle user interactions and update views accordingly. The CalendarService manages date calculations, navigation, and event propagation. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or reverse shells are present. The use of event emitters and DOM manipulations are standard for Angular UI components. No obfuscated or minified code segments that could hide malicious payloads are detected. The styles and templates are typical for UI layout, with no external URLs or suspicious network activity. Overall, the code appears legitimate and focused on UI functionality without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a well-structured Angular calendar module designed for UI rendering and interaction management. It contains no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. Its purpose is to provide calendar functionalities, and it operates within standard Angular patterns. Security risks are minimal, confined to normal UI operations, and no malicious signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}