{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions for random number generation, dice rolls, array shuffling, and coin flips using Math.random().",
  "sources": "Math.random() calls within functions: random(), randomN(), randomNtoO(), die(), shuffle(), flip(), dieRoll() (indirectly via regex matching).",
  "sinks": "No sinks; functions do not send data externally or perform side effects beyond local calculations.",
  "flows": "Math.random() outputs serve as sources feeding into calculations for dice rolls, shuffling, and flips; no external data flow or network activity.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies; code is straightforward, with proper input validation and no suspicious patterns or obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of standard utility functions relying solely on Math.random() for randomness. It includes functions for generating random numbers, simulating dice rolls with notation parsing, shuffling arrays, and flipping coins. The code is well-structured, readable, and does not perform any external system interactions, network activity, or data leaks. Input validation is present where necessary, such as in die() and flip(). The regex parsing in dieRoll() is robust and does not execute code, only extracts numbers. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscation are detected. The functions are typical for gaming utilities and do not pose security risks. The use of Math.random() is acceptable for non-security-critical applications, though it is not cryptographically secure. Overall, the code appears benign and safe.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility library for randomness and dice simulations, with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is very low (~0.1) due to reliance on Math.random(), which is suitable for gaming or simulation purposes. No evidence suggests malicious activity or vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}