{
  "purpose": "This code provides a React context and hooks for managing modal dialogs within a React application. It includes functions to add, remove, and clear modals, facilitating centralized modal state management.",
  "sources": "Data is read from React hooks (useState, useCallback, useMemo) for state management, and from imported modules such as 'react' and 'react-uuid' for generating unique modal IDs.",
  "sinks": "The code updates React state and context with modal data; no external data sinks or network operations are present. No data leaks or external communications occur.",
  "flows": "Input from React hooks (state updates, UUID generation) flows into context state modifications (adding/removing modals). No external sinks or network flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes functions that throw errors if the context is uninitialized, which is normal for React context initialization. The use of 'react-uuid' for generating unique IDs is standard. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns are found. The code appears minified but only involves standard React patterns; no obfuscation or malicious code is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a React context for modal management with functions to push, remove, and clear modals, using React hooks. It ensures proper context initialization with error handling. The modal state is stored in a React useState hook, with functions to modify this state. The use of 'react-uuid' for unique IDs is safe and standard. No external network calls, no code injection, or suspicious behavior are present. The minified code is a standard pattern for React context providers.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard React modal context implementation with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It manages modal dialogs within a React app securely and properly, with no external data leaks or suspicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}