{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for string manipulation, array and object handling, and text processing, likely for data validation, transformation, or normalization within a larger application.",
  "sources": "Reads from the imported 'charmap.json' file, and from function arguments such as 'rawText', 'arr1', 'arr2', and 'obj'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include console.log (for debugging output), string and array manipulations, and normalization functions that process external input data. No evidence of network activity, file system access, or system commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arguments (e.g., rawText, objects, arrays) through functions that sanitize, process, and transform data (e.g., slugifyText, removeAccents, tokenize). No evidence of untrusted data being sent or leaked outside the functions; no network or system commands.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a large list of special characters and ligatures, but these are used for text processing, not suspiciously. The presence of the 'charmap.json' import could be benign or suspicious depending on its content, but no malicious activity is directly evident. The 'log' function only outputs in development environment, which is normal. No hidden or obfuscated code, no dynamic execution, or unusual control flows observed.",
  "analysis": "The functions appear to be standard utility functions for string and object manipulation, with typical operations such as normalization, splitting, shuffling, and comparison. The code does not perform any network requests, file writes, or system modifications. The inclusion of 'charmap.json' could be for character mapping in 'slugifyText', which is normal. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The 'log' function is environment-aware and not malicious. The code appears clean, structured, and consistent with standard text processing logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions for text and data manipulation with no signs of malicious intent or malware. The only potential concern is the import of 'charmap.json', but without its content, it cannot be deemed malicious. Overall, this code appears safe and intended for standard application purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}