{
  "purpose": "The code dynamically adds an icon with a tooltip to DOM elements, likely for UI enhancement purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the binding object (binding.arg and binding.value), and the DOM element (el) that the directive is applied to.",
  "sinks": "The generated HTML string for the tooltip, which is injected into the DOM as inner HTML via Vue.extend and $mount.",
  "flows": "The binding arguments and values flow into the structureIcon function, which constructs an HTML string. This string is used to create a Vue component instance, which renders the tooltip. The tooltip element is appended to the DOM element el.",
  "anomalies": "The code constructs HTML strings with unescaped binding values and attributes, which could potentially lead to injection if the inputs are malicious. However, there is no explicit sanitization, and dynamic HTML generation could be risky if inputs are untrusted.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Vue directive that adds an icon with a tooltip to DOM elements. It constructs an HTML string with binding arguments and values without sanitization, which could be risky if these inputs are malicious. The Vue.extend with a template string is used to instantiate the tooltip component. There are no suspicious network connections, data leaks, or malicious behaviors such as system modification or unauthorized data access. The code appears focused on UI rendering. The main concern is potential injection if binding values are maliciously crafted. Overall, the code does not exhibit malware or malicious intent but lacks input sanitization, which could be exploited in certain scenarios.",
  "conclusion": "This code is primarily for UI enhancement and does not contain malicious behavior. However, the dynamic HTML string generation from untrusted inputs poses a potential security risk. No malware indicators or suspicious activities are detected. It warrants caution regarding input sanitization but does not represent a supply chain attack or malicious code.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 5
}