{
  "purpose": "The code is a Grunt configuration file used to automate tasks such as linting, building, minifying, copying files, and processing CSS for a JavaScript project.",
  "sources": "Reads JSON configuration files ('package.json'), source JavaScript and CSS files ('src/**/*.js', 'src/**/*.css'), and environment variables if any are used within the tasks.",
  "sinks": "Generated distribution files in 'dist/' directory, such as bundled JavaScript and CSS files. No direct untrusted data sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Source files are processed through tasks (linting, browserify, concatenation, minification) to produce final build assets. No data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. All tasks and file operations are standard for build scripts. No malicious behavior or privacy violations are evident. Usage of third-party grunt plugins appears legitimate. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The script loads multiple standard Grunt plugins for code quality, asset processing, and file management. The configuration reads project metadata from 'package.json' and specifies source and destination paths for JavaScript and CSS files. It defines tasks for watching file changes, linting with ESLint and stylelint, bundling with browserify, concatenation, logging removal, minification, CSS processing with autoprefixer and cssnano, and copying assets. The 'default' and 'debug' tasks execute these steps in sequence. There are no indications of malicious code, data leaks, or supply chain attacks. All code appears to be conventional build automation for a JavaScript project.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Grunt build configuration with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs typical build tasks using legitimate plugins and file operations. No anomalies, suspicious patterns, or malware indicators are observed.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}