{
  "purpose": "The code executes a build process for a specified target directory, then moves the build output to a designated output folder.",
  "sources": "Process environment variables (process.env.PWD), input parameters (_ref.target, _ref.out), and the file system operations.",
  "sinks": "Child process spawn ('npm run build'), filesystem renameSync, and process exit.",
  "flows": "Environment variables provide directory paths -> spawn 'npm run build' in target directory -> upon completion, rename output folder to destination -> output message and exit.",
  "anomalies": "Use of process.env.PWD for directory paths could be manipulated if environment variables are compromised; no explicit validation or sanitization of input parameters; no error handling for filesystem or process failures; potential assumption that 'npm run build' is safe and trusted.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up paths based on environment variables and input parameters. It runs 'npm run build' in a specified directory, then moves the resulting 'public' folder to another location. The code relies on environment variables without validation, which could be manipulated. No sensitive data or credentials are handled directly. The build command is executed via a child process, which is standard, but if an attacker controls the environment or the target directory, malicious behavior could be introduced (e.g., executing malicious build scripts). The code does not perform any network activity, data exfiltration, or privilege escalation, nor does it contain obfuscated or suspicious code. The overall functionality is typical for deployment scripts. No signs of malware or malicious intent are evident. Security risk is low but could be elevated if environment variables or parameters are compromised.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs a typical build and deployment step with no clear malicious intent. Its primary risk depends on trustworthiness of environment variables and input parameters. No malicious behavior or malware indications are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}