{
  "purpose": "Automate building documentation in a specified directory, then move the output to a destination folder.",
  "sources": "Environment variable process.env.PWD, input parameters target and out, external helper functions, process environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Filesystem operations (renameSync), spawning npm build process, piping process output.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and input parameters determine directory paths -> clear destination directory -> spawn build process -> upon completion, move output folder -> log and exit.",
  "anomalies": "Use of process.env.PWD without validation, lack of error handling for filesystem and process operations, reliance on external helpers assumed safe.",
  "analysis": "The code performs straightforward build automation: constructing paths from environment variables and parameters, executing 'npm run build' in a target directory, then moving the output folder. No malicious code, obfuscation, or suspicious behavior is evident. The use of environment variables without validation could be exploited if environment is compromised, but this is a common pattern in build scripts. External helper functions are assumed safe. No network activity or data exfiltration is present. The code's logic is standard, and the security risk is minimal. Malware and obfuscation scores are correctly set to 0. The low security risk score (0.2) reflects reliance on environment variables without validation, which is a typical concern but not an active vulnerability. Error handling is absent, which could lead to unpredictable behavior but not malicious activity. Overall, the code appears safe, with the main concern being environmental trust, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a routine build automation script with no signs of malicious behavior or obfuscation. The primary security concern is reliance on environment variables without validation, which could be exploited in a compromised environment but does not constitute malware or malicious intent. The scores assigned are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}