{
  "purpose": "This code sets up ESLint and TypeScript ESLint plugin configurations, conditionally including React-specific settings if the 'react' module is installed. It primarily serves as a static configuration loader for linting tools.",
  "sources": "require('typescript-eslint'), require('./eslint'), require('react') (conditionally), require('@react-native/eslint-plugin'), require('../rules')",
  "sinks": "require.resolve(spec, { paths: [process.cwd()] }) used for module existence checks; require() calls for loading configuration modules",
  "flows": "isInstalled() uses require.resolve to verify module presence; configuration objects are assembled via static require() calls based on environment checks",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns; standard use of require and require.resolve; no obfuscation, no dynamic code execution beyond module loading",
  "analysis": "The code performs static module resolution and configuration assembly for ESLint and related plugins. It uses require.resolve to check for 'react' module presence, then conditionally loads React configs. All require calls are static and safe, with no data leaks, network activity, or malicious code. The try-catch in isInstalled() prevents errors if modules are missing. No obfuscation or suspicious patterns are present. The purpose is purely configuration management, which is inherently safe. The malware score is 0, as no malicious behavior is detected. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. The security risk score is very low (~0.1), reflecting the minimal risk associated with dynamic require.resolve in a trusted environment.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign ESLint configuration script with conditional module loading based on environment. No malicious activity, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities are present. The scores assigned in the reports are accurate and appropriate. The overall assessment confirms the code's safety for use in development environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}