{
  "purpose": "The code configures ESLint and TypeScript ESLint recommended settings, along with conditional React configurations, for code linting purposes in a JavaScript/TypeScript project.",
  "sources": "Require statements, especially the dynamic require.resolve in isInstalled(), and the plugin requirements for eslint plugins",
  "sinks": "Require statements for plugins and configurations that could potentially execute arbitrary code if malicious modules are injected or compromised",
  "flows": "The isInstalled() function attempts to resolve modules dynamically, which could lead to executing code during resolution if malicious modules are present. Plugin requires also load external modules which could be malicious if the package registry is compromised.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic require.resolve with user-controlled input is generally safe here because it resolves within the current working directory. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code snippets. The code itself is straightforward and does not contain obfuscated or unusual language features.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily sets up ESLint configurations, importing recommended configs and conditionally adding React configs if React is installed. The isInstalled() function dynamically resolves modules, which could be risky if an attacker manages to inject malicious modules into node_modules, but in typical safe environments this is standard practice. Plugin requires and configuration objects are static and do not execute code at runtime beyond loading modules. No suspicious code or malicious behavior is detected. The code does not contain any network calls, data leaks, or backdoors. Overall, the code's purpose is legitimate and safe in a standard development context.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard ESLint configuration setup with safe dynamic module resolution. No malicious behavior or security risks are identified. The overall security risk score is low, assuming a safe and trusted environment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}