{
  "purpose": "The code exports an array of ESLint configurations, including recommended, TypeScript, React, and custom rules, for use in linting JavaScript and TypeScript projects.",
  "sources": "Require statements for modules ('typescript-eslint', local './eslint', 'react', '@react-native/eslint-plugin', '../rules'), and dynamic require for plugins and configs based on runtime conditions.",
  "sinks": "Require.resolve calls to check module existence, require() calls to load modules and plugins, and spread operator including potentially untrusted or malicious modules if present in node_modules.",
  "flows": "isInstalled() function uses require.resolve to check for 'react'; modules are required dynamically based on this check; configurations are composed with spread operators.",
  "anomalies": "Use of require() for external modules and plugins is standard; no hardcoded secrets, unusual code constructs, or backdoors are evident. The code contains no network activity, data leakage, or obfuscated parts. No suspicious or malicious code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically checks for the presence of the 'react' module and conditionally loads related configurations. It requires external plugins and configurations, which is typical in setting up ESLint configurations. All require() calls are standard for loading modules. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or code injection. The configuration structure is straightforward and does not execute any untrusted code or include hidden payloads. The only dynamic behavior involves resolving modules at runtime to adjust configs, which is safe and common practice.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard configuration setup for ESLint with recommended, TypeScript, React, and custom rules. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident. It does not contain obfuscation or malware signatures. It appears safe for use in development environments.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}