{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JavaScript SDK for interacting with the Avalon blockchain, including cryptographic key management, transaction signing, encryption/decryption, and network communication with configurable nodes.",
  "sources": "Network fetch calls to API endpoints, cryptographic key generation, signing, and encryption functions, user input for transactions and keys.",
  "sinks": "Network requests transmitting transaction data, cryptographic functions handling sensitive keys and messages, cryptography libraries processing confidential data.",
  "flows": "Input data (keys, messages, transaction objects) flow into cryptographic functions and network requests; signed and encrypted data flow out to network endpoints.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscation detected. Cryptography uses standard, reputable libraries. Randomness source for keypair generation is standard. No malicious network activity observed.",
  "analysis": "The code employs standard cryptographic libraries (crypto-js, eccrypto, secp256k1, bip39, bip32) with proper handling of keys and signatures. Network requests are to configurable, legitimate API endpoints. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. Cryptography functions are correctly implemented, and network interactions are typical for blockchain SDKs. No obfuscation or suspicious code patterns are present. The cryptographic operations and network calls are consistent with secure practices. No hardcoded secrets or malicious payloads are found. The overall structure and logic indicate a legitimate, well-implemented blockchain client SDK.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate, secure, and free of malicious activity. It employs standard cryptographic practices and interacts with the network in a typical manner. No evidence of sabotage, malware, or obfuscation is present. The low malware score (0), no obfuscation (0), and low security risk (approximately 0.1-0.2) are justified based on the thorough analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}