{
  "purpose": "The code provides a function to evaluate the cumulative distribution function (CDF) for a Normal distribution for each element in an input array, storing results in an output array.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the array 'x' and the output data into 'y'. It also reads parameters 'mu' and 'sigma'. It requires an external module './partial.js' which is used to create a partial function.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the assignment 'y[i] = fcn(x[i])', which writes the computed CDF value into the output array. No other untrusted data sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Input array 'x' flows into the 'fcn' function created via partial, and the result is assigned to the output array 'y'. The parameters 'mu' and 'sigma' influence the calculation but are not sourced from untrusted inputs within this code.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or malicious logic are present. The code is straightforward and uses a require statement to include an external module. There are no suspicious operations, network calls, or data leaks.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a function 'cdf' which computes the CDF for each element of an input array using a partially applied function 'fcn'. It takes output array, input array, mean, and standard deviation as parameters. The external module './partial.js' is used to generate 'fcn'. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as code injection, data exfiltration, or suspicious network activity. The code appears to be a typical mathematical computation module. The inclusion of the external module './partial.js' is standard practice for modular code and does not indicate malicious intent. There are no signs of obfuscation or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a statistical function, with no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It functions as expected for a mathematical library component.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}