{
  "purpose": "This code dynamically loads a Yandex Maps 3 library and configures a raster map with specified tiles and markers, likely for map visualization.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the current URL (location.href) and fetches map tiles from a remote URL ('https://yastatic.net/...'). It also loads external scripts via ymaps3.import.script().",
  "sinks": "Remote tile URLs (fetchTile) and dynamically loaded scripts pose potential data flow points, but they are standard for map implementations.",
  "flows": "The code reads the current page URL to decide which script to load, then loads external scripts, and uses those to configure a map projection and tiles. No user input is directly processed beyond URL inspection.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behavior, obfuscated code, or hidden dynamic execution. The code does not include hardcoded credentials or suspicious network activity. The script loading is conditional but legitimate for map setup.",
  "analysis": "The initial unshift callback dynamically loads an external script based on the current URL, a common pattern for environment-specific resource loading. The script URL depends on the domain, switching between localhost and a CDN, which is typical during development or deployment. The map configuration involves standard parameters: tile size, image dimensions, zoom levels, and map projection with predefined markers. Tile URLs are fetched from a public CDN, and the code does not include any data exfiltration, reverse shells, or malicious network activity. The code uses minimal dynamic behavior beyond script loading, and no suspicious data handling or backdoors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate map setup script that loads external resources responsibly. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. It mainly configures a Yandex Map with tile images and markers, with conditional script loading based on environment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}