{
  "purpose": "This code prompts the user for component details and performs multiple in-place text replacements across project files to customize boilerplate code.",
  "sources": "User input collected via inquirer prompts; file reading via 'ls' and 'find' commands.",
  "sinks": "Shell commands executed via 'sed' and 'exec' with embedded user input, which can lead to command injection if inputs are malicious.",
  "flows": "User inputs flow into 'sed' commands and 'exec' calls, directly affecting file modifications without sanitization.",
  "anomalies": "No input validation or sanitization; use of 'shelljs/global' and 'exec' with user data introduces potential command injection vectors.",
  "analysis": "The script collects user input and directly embeds it into shell commands ('sed' and 'exec') without sanitization, creating a command injection risk. The code performs straightforward file modifications, with no malicious network activity or backdoors detected. The primary concern is the potential for malicious input to execute arbitrary commands, especially given the use of 'shelljs/global' and 'exec'. The code itself is not obfuscated or malicious, but insecure handling of user input elevates the security risk. Based on the lack of malicious activity, malware score remains 0. However, due to the command injection vulnerability, the security risk score should be high. The most appropriate risk score is approximately 0.75 to 0.8, reflecting the potential for exploitation if inputs are malicious. Input validation and sanitization are recommended to mitigate this vulnerability.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign boilerplate customization script but contains a significant security vulnerability due to unsanitized user input being embedded into shell commands, risking command injection. No malicious code or activity is present. The malware score remains 0, but the security risk score should be high (~0.75-0.8). Implement input validation to reduce this risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.8,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}