{
  "purpose": "The code is a Web SDK for Fyno, providing functionalities such as user profile management, web push notification handling, configuration management, and network communication with Fyno servers. It facilitates user tracking, push notification permissions, and subscription management.",
  "sources": "Reads input or data from environment (e.g., fetch responses, user permissions, configuration stored in IndexedDB, cookies, browser APIs like Notification and Service Worker), and external inputs via network requests and user interactions (clicks, permissions).",
  "sinks": "Network requests (fetch) to Fyno API endpoints for event triggers, profile updates, token fetching, and channel management. Uses eval in source maps and minified code, but no direct code injection points observed. Reads and writes configuration data and cookies, possibly affecting user tracking behavior.",
  "flows": "Input flows from user permissions, IndexedDB configurations, and fetch responses. Data flows into network request bodies and configuration updates. External data (browser APIs, cookies, IndexedDB) influences network requests and user notification flows.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses eval in source maps, which is typically safe for source maps but could be misused in malicious contexts if source maps are manipulated. It contains no hardcoded secrets, no obfuscated code, and no suspicious network domains. The presence of third-party detection library (detectIncognito) is benign. The code for generating UUIDs and handling notifications is standard. No hidden backdoors or malicious code is visible. Some functions (like showCustomPopup) include UI elements and user interactions, but these are intended for user permission prompts.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive SDK with multiple modules handling user profile data, web push notifications, and server communication. It performs network fetches for API endpoints, manages data in IndexedDB, and handles push subscriptions via browser APIs. The detection of incognito mode is implemented via an external library. No code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious network activities are evident. The code contains standard security practices, such as permission checks and user consent prompts. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are found. The eval statement is used only for source map handling, not for executing arbitrary code. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate SDK designed for user tracking and push notification management without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard SDK for user profile and push notification management. It employs typical web APIs and external libraries without signs of malicious behavior. No evidence of malware, data leaks, or sabotage is present. The code is well-structured for its purpose, with no suspicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}