{
  "purpose": "The code provides various classes and functions to generate sequences and permutations of numbers based on algorithms like Shuffled Frog-Leaping Algorithm, including tuple and permutation generators.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data mainly from constructor parameters, such as sizes, steps, offsets, permutations, and combinations. It also reads from imported functions and modules like './utils.js' and './shuffle.js'.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks in the code that send untrusted data over the network, write to files, or perform dangerous system actions. The code primarily performs calculations and data manipulations in memory.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (sizes, permutations, offsets) are used internally to generate sequences via mathematical algorithms. These values are processed through modular arithmetic and decoding functions. There are no evident flows leading to data leaks or malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. All computations and data manipulations are straightforward mathematical algorithms. There is no obfuscation or unusual code behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple sequence and permutation generators using mathematical and algorithmic approaches, including handling BigInt for large number ranges. It imports utility functions for object checks and prime calculations. No system or network access functions, eval, or dynamic code execution are present. The logic appears to be focused on deterministic number generation without hidden behaviors. The code structure is standard, with no anomalies or suspicious code patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of mathematical sequence generators with no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It operates solely in-memory with deterministic algorithms, without involving external system calls or network activities. The design appears intended for secure, predictable number generation tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}