{
  "purpose": "The code provides various classes and functions to generate sequences of numbers based on algorithms like Shuffled Frog-Leaping, permutation, combination, and tuple generation, primarily for use in randomized or combinatorial contexts.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from constructor parameters, external utility functions (isObject, isNumber, calculatePrimeForSfl, calculateBigintCoPrimeForSfl, generatePermutations, generateCombinations), and possibly from imported modules ('./utils.js' and './shuffle.js'). No external untrusted sources are dynamically read or fetched at runtime within this code.",
  "sinks": "No sinks or data leak points identified. The code does not perform network requests, file operations, or interact with environment variables. It mainly computes sequences locally.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into class constructors, which then process or transform them into internal sequence generators. The sequences generated are based solely on mathematical computations and internal state updates, with no external data leakage or system effect.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscated code, or suspicious logic are observed. All functions and classes perform deterministic mathematical computations. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code does not contain dynamic code execution, eval, or similar constructs. The only potential concern is the use of imported functions which are assumed to be safe; however, without their code, no suspicion arises.",
  "analysis": "The code implements sequence and permutation generators using mathematical algorithms, with a focus on permutation, combination, and tuple generation based on supplied sizes. It employs bigint for large number handling, which is appropriate for combinatorial sequences. There are no external data fetches, network communication, or system interactions. The functions are self-contained and perform standard mathematical operations. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors are present. The code structure is typical for sequence generators and does not exhibit obfuscation or hidden payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of mathematical sequence generators designed for use in combinatorial or randomized algorithms. It does not contain malicious behavior or malicious code. The implementation appears safe and standard for such purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}