{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of functions to interact with an external API for financial modeling calculations, density, risk metrics, and constraints, encapsulating API request logic for different models (cgmy, heston, merton, market).",
  "sources": "Data sources include input parameters such as body, version, model, optionType, sensitivity, includeIV, apiKey, and url, which are used to construct API request URLs and request bodies.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data from input parameters (apiKey, body, url, version, model, etc.) are embedded directly into URL strings and request bodies, which are sent via fetch. These could lead to potential data leakage if inputs are malicious or improperly sanitized.",
  "flows": "Inputs (apiKey, body, version, etc.) flow into URL constructions and request options, then to network calls via fetch, potentially exposing sensitive data if inputs are malicious or incorrectly handled.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically constructs URLs with parameters including API keys and versioning, which could be risky if these are sourced from untrusted input without validation. No obfuscation or malicious code patterns detected. No hardcoded credentials are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a modular API client with functions for making POST requests to a remote server, with parameters for various models and calculation types. The URL construction uses string concatenation with user-controlled variables, notably apiKey, version, and other parameters. The API key is passed as a query parameter, which could be considered insecure depending on context, but is typical for API tokens. There are no signs of obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or malicious behaviors like data exfiltration, reverse shells, or mining activities. The code appears to be a legitimate API wrapper for financial calculations. The only concern is the exposure of sensitive data (apiKey) via URL, but this depends on how the code is used and the trustworthiness of the inputs.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as an API client for financial models with no evident malicious intent. It dynamically constructs URLs and request bodies from user-supplied inputs, which could be a security concern if inputs are not sanitized, but no malicious behavior or malware is present. The risk level is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}