{
  "purpose": "This code provides an interface for interacting with an external API to perform various financial calculations and retrieve data related to different models (cgmy, heston, merton, market). It abstracts API calls for options, density, risk metrics, and constraints.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as api_key, version, url, and data bodies provided to functions like options, density, riskmetric, and constraints.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to external API endpoints, potentially transmitting sensitive API keys and data.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into API URL construction and request bodies, which then are sent via fetch. The API responses are returned as JSON.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior observed. The code dynamically constructs API URLs with provided parameters, including the api_key, but does not include any hardcoded credentials or hidden behaviors. No code injection, obfuscated code, or suspicious network activities are present.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes an API client with configurable parameters. It constructs URLs using provided inputs and makes POST requests with JSON bodies. All sensitive data such as API keys are passed as function parameters, not hardcoded. No indications of malicious behavior or data leakage mechanisms. It uses standard fetch API or node-fetch for network communication, and all operations are straightforward API interactions. No obfuscation or malware-like behavior detected. The code relies on external API responses, but nothing suspicious is evident within this snippet.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical API wrapper module designed for financial model calculations. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity. It safely transmits API keys and data over network requests, with no signs of malware or security risks within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}