{
  "purpose": "The code implements a subtraction operation with handling for negative numbers and decimal precision, utilizing an external 'add' module for addition of negative inputs.",
  "sources": "The code reads input values from the 'n1.value' and 'n2.value' properties, which are likely user inputs or data objects passed into the function.",
  "sinks": "The code performs string parsing and number calculations internally. No direct sinks like network requests, file operations, or system commands are present. The 'add' module may be a sink if it performs external operations, but based on its usage, it appears to be a simple arithmetic function.",
  "flows": "Input values are read from 'n1.value' and 'n2.value', processed through parsing and conditional logic, then used in mathematical operations. The flow is straightforward: source inputs → processing and computation → output string result.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses external 'add' module without context, but there are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks. The logic appears focused on arithmetic calculations with some handling of negative and decimal numbers. No obfuscation, malicious code, or unusual behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code processes numerical inputs by parsing their 'value' properties, handling negative inputs, and aligning decimal parts. It performs conditional logic based on the size of inputs, pads decimal parts to equal length, and computes the difference accordingly. No network, file, or environment variable access is evident. The external 'add' module usage appears benign, serving for arithmetic addition of negative numbers. No hidden or malicious code detected. The logic is consistent with a numeric calculation module, with no suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard arithmetic subtraction function with handling for negatives and decimals. There are no indications of malicious intent, data leaks, or sabotage. It relies on an external 'add' module, which seems to be used appropriately. Overall, it is a straightforward calculation module with no malicious or security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}