{
  "purpose": "This code generates procedural noise textures for use in a 3D graphics context, likely for visual effects or rendering purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'settings' (type, brightness, strength, resolution, repeat, pixelated) and 'alpha'. It also accesses 'document' for creating a canvas element and uses Math.random() for noise generation.",
  "sinks": "The generated textures are used in three.js (a 3D rendering library), and textures are stored in memory, with disposal functions to free resources. No network or file system operations are present.",
  "flows": "Inputs like 'settings' and 'alpha' influence the noise generation; Math.random() provides randomness; the generated image data is drawn onto a canvas; a three.js texture is created from this canvas; textures are cached and managed via reference counting.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for procedural texture creation. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. No unusual dynamic code execution or obfuscation. Use of Math.random() is typical for noise but is predictable; however, not malicious. No network calls, system modifications, or privacy leaks are present.",
  "analysis": "The script creates a noise texture based on configurable parameters, utilizing HTML Canvas and three.js. It manages textures via a cache with reference counting for disposal. The use of Math.random() is appropriate for procedural noise. No code manipulates environment variables, performs data exfiltration, or accesses system resources beyond the DOM and in-memory objects. The code structure and content are typical for a graphics utility module, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard procedural noise texture generator using HTML Canvas and three.js. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. Its design is typical for rendering utilities, with safe memory management practices. No security risks or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}