{
  "purpose": "The code generates procedural noise textures for use in 3D rendering, with caching functionality to reuse textures efficiently.",
  "sources": "Data sources include function parameters such as 'settings' (containing 'type', 'resolution', 'brightness', 'strength', 'repeat', 'pixelated') and the optional 'alpha' parameter; also, 'document.createElement' to create a canvas element.",
  "sinks": "The generated textures are used within the 'three' library's CanvasTexture, which is then configured with filtering and encoding settings. No external data is sent or received, and textures are only used internally for rendering.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (settings, alpha) are used to generate noise data, which is drawn onto a canvas, then converted into a texture object. This texture can be retrieved from the cache and disposed of when no longer needed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors observed. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activity present. Use of Math.random() for noise is appropriate for procedural textures and not malicious. The code performs typical texture generation and caching; no obfuscated code, hidden behaviors, or malicious payloads detected.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs procedural noise textures based on provided settings, leveraging the HTML Canvas API and three.js textures. The cache mechanism manages texture reuse and disposal to optimize performance. No external network communication, data leakage, or malicious logic is present. The use of Math.random() is for noise generation and poses no security risk. No anomalies, obfuscation, or suspicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard procedural texture generator with caching, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It appears safe and intended solely for rendering purposes within a 3D application.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}