{
  "purpose": "This code provides a utility class 'BrowserNet' for making HTTP GET and POST requests using XMLHttpRequest, including support for request configuration, headers, timeouts, and optional callback or promise-based handling.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters such as 'url', 'params', 'reqConfig', 'body', and 'headers'. Input data can originate from external sources passed to these functions.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is 'xhr.send()' which transmits request data. JSON parsing occurs on response bodies. There are no evident sinks that send untrusted data elsewhere or leak data outside the scope.",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> construction of request configuration -> XMLHttpRequest setup -> network transmission -> response handling (parsing) -> callback or promise resolution.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. The code performs standard HTTP request operations with typical configuration options. No unusual dynamic code execution or obfuscated parts are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an XMLHttpRequest wrapper facilitating HTTP GET and POST requests with support for headers, timeouts, and data encoding. It supports both callback and promise paradigms. JSON parsing is handled with try-catch blocks to prevent exceptions. No hardcoded secrets, data exfiltration, or suspicious network activity detected. The request construction and response handling are standard. No indicators of malicious behavior, such as data theft, unauthorized data transmission, or system compromise, are evident. The code appears to be a typical network utility module.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard HTTP request utility with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It securely handles request and response data, with proper error handling and configurable options. No signs of malware or security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}