{
  "purpose": "This code provides a utility class 'BrowserNet' for making HTTP GET and POST requests using XMLHttpRequest, supporting both callback and promise-based invocation.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters such as 'url', 'params', 'headers', 'body', and 'config'. It processes these inputs to construct HTTP requests.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows include request URLs, headers, and request bodies which could be influenced by external input. The responses are parsed as JSON, which could lead to risks if untrusted data is not validated.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (params, headers, body) flows into request configuration; response data is returned as parsed JSON or plain text, with no apparent sanitization or validation performed within this code.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code structures, such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code, are present. The code follows standard HTTP request patterns. No malicious behavior, like data exfiltration, system commands, or backdoors, is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard XMLHttpRequest-based HTTP client functionality with support for JSON and form data. It constructs URLs with query parameters, sets request headers, handles timeouts, and processes responses. The code handles both callback and promise interfaces, which is common. There are no signs of malicious intent, such as sending data to external unknown domains, executing system commands, or including hidden code. The only potential concern is untrusted data flowing into request parameters and headers, which could be misused if the input is malicious, but this is typical for network request code and not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard HTTP utility for browser environments. It does not contain malicious behavior or backdoors. There are no signs of malware or security risks beyond the general risk associated with untrusted data in network requests. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}