{
  "purpose": "The code implements a network utility class for making HTTP GET and POST requests using XMLHttpRequest, with support for callbacks and promises, along with optional gzip compression.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from parameters in httpGet and httpPost functions, including URL, request headers, and request body. Reads configuration options such as headers and timeout from the config parameter.",
  "sinks": "Sends HTTP requests over the network via XMLHttpRequest; data sent includes request bodies and headers. Receives responses and processes them, potentially handling untrusted data if originating from external servers.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (URL, headers, body, configs) flow into network request setup. Response data flows from network back into the callback or promise resolution after parsing. No direct untrusted data processing occurs internally beyond network I/O.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns; no hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Usage of standard XMLHttpRequest API and JSON parsing is typical. gzip compression is optional and applied only if specified. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscated or dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The code provides HTTP GET and POST methods with configurable headers and timeout settings. It constructs request URLs and bodies based on input parameters, then sends network requests via XMLHttpRequest. Response handling includes JSON parsing and callback or promise-based handling. No hardcoded secrets, malicious logic, or data exfiltration routines are present. The code performs standard network operations, with optional gzip compression. Overall, the structure and logic are typical for network utility modules, with no signs of malicious intent or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard network utility class for HTTP requests, with no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It handles data transmission securely within its scope and does not perform any suspicious operations. The implementation appears safe and typical for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}