{
  "purpose": "The code implements a JavaScript class for the triangular distribution, providing methods for calculating various statistical properties and functions related to this distribution, such as PDF, CDF, quantile, mean, variance, etc.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters (a, b, c) during instantiation, and input values for distribution functions (x, p, t). It also reads data from imported modules (e.g., '@stdlib/...' functions).",
  "sinks": "The code calls functions that compute distribution functions like cdf, logcdf, logpdf, mgf, pdf, quantile, which process input data to produce numerical outputs. No unsafe sink usages such as system calls or network operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (a, b, c) flow through validation and are stored as properties. Distribution functions (cdf, logcdf, logpdf, mgf, pdf, quantile) accept inputs (x, p, t) and invoke corresponding imported functions with these inputs and object properties. No external data flow or system interactions are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, suspicious code, or hidden behaviors are present. The code structure is straightforward, with validation, property definitions, and distribution calculations. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation observed.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly defines a distribution class with standard validation for input parameters, including range checks and type assertions. It uses well-known imported functions for distribution calculations. No network calls, file operations, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The distribution methods are typical and do not perform any side effects beyond mathematical calculations. The property setters enforce constraints on the parameters, preventing invalid configurations. Overall, the code appears to be a standard statistical distribution implementation with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a triangular distribution class in JavaScript, with proper input validation and encapsulation. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this code fragment. It relies on trusted statistical functions and performs no external system interactions or suspicious operations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}