{
  "purpose": "This library provides precise floating-point math operations and statistical functions in JavaScript, such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, mean, median, mode, range, and various numeric transformations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from function parameters, including user-provided values and array arguments. It also reads object properties via Object(value).valueOf().",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include mathematical operations that could process untrusted input, and the use of expand() to handle numeric conversions. There are no network, file, or system command calls, nor any external data transmissions.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through functions like add, minus, multiply, divide, and statistical functions, which process and convert data via helper functions like getValues() and expand(). The data remains within mathematical computations with no external output or side effects.",
  "anomalies": "The code disables certain ESLint rules, but that is standard and not suspicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls are present. The noExponents() method on Number.prototype extends native prototypes, which could be risky but appears solely for formatting purposes. There is no evidence of obfuscation or hidden code, and no dynamic code execution or network activity is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a series of mathematical and statistical functions focused on accurate calculations involving floating-point numbers. It uses helper functions like getValues() for input sanitization and expand() for handling precision issues. The extension of Number.prototype with noExponents() could be considered a risky practice but is not malicious. No external network calls, file system access, or execution of arbitrary code is observed. The code does not handle or log sensitive information, nor does it contain suspicious logic such as data exfiltration or backdoors. Overall, the code appears to be a mathematical utility library without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a mathematical utility library designed for precise numeric computations. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks beyond standard extension of native prototypes. It performs purely computational functions with no network activity or data leaks. Therefore, it poses minimal security concern.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}