{
  "purpose": "The code provides safe mathematical operations and statistical functions for handling floating-point numbers in JavaScript, aiming to avoid binary-decimal impedance issues.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, such as in add(), minus(), multiply(), divide(), mean(), median(), mode(), range(), percent(), power(), reciprocal(), square(), sqrt(). It also reads from object properties like valueOf() and string inputs for parsing.",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations internally without external data sinks. No data leaks, network calls, or external data writes are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function parameters through validation and parsing functions (isNumeric, getValues, expand) into internal calculations, with no external side effects or network communications.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a harmless prototype extension: Number.prototype['noExponents'], which manipulates number-to-string conversion for scientific notation. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code are present. Commented-out code within multiply() is benign but might suggest incomplete refactoring. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution found.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on precise arithmetic operations by expanding floating-point numbers to integers, performing calculations, and then normalizing results. Functions like isNumeric() and getValues() validate inputs carefully, ensuring only numeric data is processed. The prototype extension for noExponents is a utility function to prevent scientific notation issues. There are no external data transmissions, file manipulations, or network calls. No signs of malicious behavior such as data theft, backdoors, or external malicious interactions. The code does not include obfuscated or minified code, and the commented code is standard for debugging or development purposes. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, well-structured math utility library with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a mathematically oriented utility library designed to handle floating-point operations safely. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. The only noteworthy feature is the Number prototype extension to handle scientific notation, which is benign. No malware signals or security concerns are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}