{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of mathematical and statistical utility functions designed to perform precise floating-point operations, including addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and various series calculations such as mean, median, mode, and range. It aims to mitigate common floating-point inaccuracies in JavaScript.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, which are validated and sanitized via helper functions like getValues() and isNumeric(). No external data sources or system inputs are involved.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially flow through the functions if user inputs are passed directly, but the code filters and validates inputs to prevent injection or malicious data processing. No sinks such as network calls or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through validation (getValues, isNumeric), then through arithmetic functions (expand, add, minus, etc.), which process numeric values and return results. No external sinks or side effects are involved.",
  "anomalies": "The primary anomaly is the extension of Number.prototype with 'noExponents', which alters global number behavior and could cause conflicts if used in larger codebases. The commented-out code in multiply() is benign but suggests incomplete refactoring.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive mathematical utility library that handles floating-point inaccuracies and statistical calculations with internal validation and normalization. The extension of Number.prototype is a known but risky practice, not malicious. No obfuscation, network activity, or malicious logic is present. The functions are well-commented and serve their computational purpose effectively.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured mathematical utility library with no signs of malicious behavior or obfuscation. The only potential concern is the global prototype modification, which should be documented and used cautiously. The malware score is justified as 0, and the security risk score should remain low (~0.1-0.2) due to the prototype extension but no actual malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.15,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}