{
  "purpose": "This code provides mathematical functions for safer floating-point operations in JavaScript, including addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and statistical calculations like mean, median, mode, and range, along with conversion utilities such as percent, power, reciprocal, square, and square root.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, including series of values in functions like add, minus, multiply, divide, mean, median, mode, range, and conversion functions. It also reads from object properties and string inputs during type coercion and expansion operations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the usage of Object(value).valueOf() for coercion, and the modification of Number.prototype via 'noExponents' method. However, there are no network operations, file manipulations, or system commands present. No data leakage or external communication is observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through validation and coercion functions (isNumeric, getValues, expand), then to mathematical operations (add, minus, multiply, divide) which manipulate the data using internal helper functions. Results are returned as numeric outputs without external side effects.",
  "anomalies": "The code alters Number.prototype by adding 'noExponents' method, which could affect global number behavior. There are extensive input validation steps, but no explicit hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code. The 'noExponents' method could be misused if overridden maliciously, but no such behavior is evident. No obfuscated code or malicious network activity is present.",
  "analysis": "The script implements a comprehensive set of mathematical functions with safety checks and precise handling of floating-point numbers. It carefully manages type coercion, number expansion, and sorting. The only potentially suspicious aspect is the modification of Number.prototype, which could be a vector for malicious interference if misused externally. However, within this context, it appears intended for precision enhancement. No signs of malware such as data exfiltration, network communication, or system manipulation are present. The code appears solely focused on mathematical computation and statistical analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical utility library designed to improve floating-point operation safety. No malicious behavior, malware, or external communication mechanisms are detected. The only noteworthy concern is the extension of Number.prototype, which could impact other scripts if loaded globally. Overall, it poses low security risk but should be reviewed for global prototype modifications in secure environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}