{
  "purpose": "Provides mathematical operations for precise floating-point calculations in JavaScript, including addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and statistical functions like mean, median, mode, and range, with support for various numeric transformations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters and method calls, and processes data through functions like getValues, isNumeric, and expand. No external data sources are used.",
  "sinks": "Mathematical operations and data transformations occur within functions. No sinks involve outputting data over network, writing to files, or executing system commands.",
  "flows": "Input data is passed into functions like add, minus, multiply, etc., which call getValues and expand for normalization, then perform calculations. No external data flows or data exfiltration paths are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments identified. The code does not perform any network requests, system modifications, or access environment variables. The comments and code structure are consistent with mathematical utility functions. Use of prototype extension (Number.prototype['noExponents']) could be considered risky in some contexts but is benign here.",
  "analysis": "The code implements mathematical functions with care to handle floating-point inaccuracies, using techniques like expansion and normalization. The functions utilize internal helpers for type checking and conversion, avoiding unsafe operations. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system compromise. The code is primarily computational, focused on numerical accuracy and statistical calculations. The prototype extension for noExponents is a potential concern in broader contexts but appears to be safe within this module. Overall, the code appears to serve a mathematical utility purpose without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript module is a mathematical utility library for precise floating-point operations and statistical calculations. No malicious or suspicious behavior is evident. The code is well-structured for its purpose, with no signs of malware, security risks, or malicious data handling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}