{
  "purpose": "The script automates the downloading and installation of prebuilt binaries for a native module, supporting multiple target configurations and platforms.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (npm_config_targets, npm_config_platforms, npm_config_arches), package.json (version, supportedTargets), code parameters (runtime, abi, platform, arch), npmrc configuration file, URL request responses, filesystem (fs, path, os).",
  "sinks": "Nugget download function (network request), extraction to filesystem (tar-fs), console logs and warnings, error handling via onerror (throws errors), potential modifications to environment variables.",
  "flows": "Source: environment variables and package.json -> download URL and configuration setup -> nugget fetch -> decompress and extract binary -> install process completes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no obfuscated code; standard library usage; download URL is hardcoded but publicly accessible; dynamic environment variable handling is standard. No suspicious code paths detected.",
  "analysis": "The code's primary function is to fetch prebuilt binaries based on target configurations, using standard modules (nugget, fs, zlib, path, os). It reads environment variables for configuration, constructs URLs dynamically, and handles network requests and extraction safely. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or code injection are evident. The code does not contain any hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or stealthy behaviors. Error handling is straightforward, with warnings and console logs. Overall, the code performs expected tasks for prebuilt binary installation with standard security practices. There are no indications of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical prebuild installer script for native modules with standard practices. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. It operates openly and transparently, fetching binaries based on environment and configuration. No malicious signals or anomalous behaviors are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}