{
  "purpose": "The code initializes an audio player and provides a function to play specific alert sounds based on a content mapping.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'content' object and the 'name' parameter passed to 'playAlert'.",
  "sinks": "The 'playing.src()' function sets the audio source URL, which could lead to loading malicious content if 'content' is compromised.",
  "flows": "The 'playAlert' function takes 'name', retrieves 'content[name]', and passes it to 'playing.src()' to set the audio source.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or unusual code patterns are present. The only external dependency is 'content', which could be malicious if altered.",
  "analysis": "The code is straightforward, importing modules, initializing an autoplay audio object, and defining a function to set the audio source based on a 'content' mapping. There are no signs of malicious code, obfuscation, or system manipulation. The primary security concern is the trustworthiness of 'content', which could contain malicious URLs if compromised. The 'playing.src()' method is a standard setter; unless 'content' is malicious, the code is benign. The malware score is correctly set to 0, as no malicious activity is detected. The security risk score is low (around 0.1-0.2), reflecting reliance on external content trust. The code's simplicity and lack of obfuscation support a low malware and obfuscation score. The main risk depends on external 'content' integrity, but within this code snippet, no malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign audio playback utility with minimal inherent security risk. The primary concern is the trustworthiness of the external 'content' module. Scores of malware = 0, obfuscated = 0, and a low security risk score are appropriate. No malicious behavior or obfuscation is present; the code is straightforward and safe assuming 'content' is trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}