{
  "purpose": "This code converts pixel units to viewport units in CSS styles, likely as a PostCSS plugin to assist with responsive design adjustments.",
  "sources": "Reads CSS rules, declarations, and comments via PostCSS API methods (e.g., decl.parent, decl.prev(), decl.next(), rule.parent.params). It also reads configuration options passed to the plugin.",
  "sinks": "Modifies CSS declaration values (decl.value), creates new CSS rules and media queries, and potentially inserts cloned rules into the stylesheet.",
  "flows": "Sources include CSS declarations and comments; flows occur when declaration values are replaced or cloned, and when media rules are generated based on landscape conditions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution. The code primarily manipulates CSS rules and comments. The comments for ignoring conversions are standard markers. No signs of malicious data exfiltration or system manipulation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a CSS post-processing plugin designed for converting pixel units to viewport units, with support for landscape orientation. It uses standard PostCSS APIs for reading and modifying CSS rules, declarations, and comments. The configuration options, including ignore comments and media query conditions, are standard for such plugins. There are no external network calls, system modifications, or data leaks. The plugin handles comments to exclude certain declarations from conversion, which is common practice. Overall, the logic appears to be straightforward CSS transformation code without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate PostCSS plugin for converting pixel units to viewport units, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It adheres to common patterns for such plugins and does not exhibit malicious signals or hidden functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}