{
  "purpose": "This code implements a heatmap visualization plugin for Leaflet maps, including data management, rendering, and user options.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data through methods like data() and add(), and retrieves map states via Leaflet's API (e.g., getSize(), latLngToContainerPoint()). It also reads configuration options set by the user.",
  "sinks": "Rendering functions manipulate canvas image data; no direct sinks that leak data or execute untrusted code are present. No network or file system access observed.",
  "flows": "Data is added via data()/add(), processed internally for rendering, and visualized on the canvas. User options influence rendering parameters but do not alter data flow outside expected behavior.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious external calls, or backdoors detected. The code appears to be a standard implementation of a heatmap layer with typical features. No obfuscated code or uncommon language features identified.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a heatmap layer for Leaflet, including methods for managing data points, rendering on canvas, and applying visual styles. It uses typical canvas operations and Leaflet API calls for map interactions. The code adheres to standard practices for visualization plugins. No signs of malicious intent, data leakage, or external communication are evident. The code does include typical visualization functions such as color gradients, shadow effects, and data sorting, but these are expected features for a heatmap. The module exports a Leaflet layer extension for heatmaps, with no suspicious code paths or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate heatmap visualization module for Leaflet, with no malicious behavior or security risks detected. It performs expected operations for data visualization and customization. No evidence of malware or security issues was found.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}