{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React-based toast notification system, including context management, toast creation, display, and styling, primarily for user interface notifications.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from DOM attributes, event listeners (keydown, pointer events), and internal state variables. It also accesses the document object for style insertion and visibility state.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include rendering DOM elements with user-controlled properties, event handlers that invoke functions (like onClick, onClose), and dynamically injected styles. No direct network or file system access is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions (clicks, key presses, pointer events) through event handlers to functions that modify toast states or dismissals. State updates influence rendering of toast components with user-supplied content.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses extensive styling via inline CSS variables, but no hardcoded secrets or credentials are evident. No suspicious network calls, reverse shells, or data exfiltration routines are present. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors are visible. The code appears to be a standard implementation of toast notifications with comprehensive accessibility and customization options.",
  "analysis": "Step-by-step analysis: The code initializes a React context and provider for toast notifications. It manages toasts via a class with subscribe, publish, and create methods, but these functions only handle in-memory state updates and UI rendering. Event listeners handle visibility changes, keyboard shortcuts, and pointer interactions. Styles are injected via a style tag, but no malicious code is injected. The dynamic styles and event handlers are typical for UI components. No network requests, data collection, or malicious behaviors are detected. The code's complexity and size might obscure subtle issues, but a detailed review shows no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React implementation of a toast notification system without malicious intent. It primarily manipulates UI elements and handles user interactions securely. There are no indications of malware, data exfiltration, or sabotage within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}