{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a test suite for a bcrypt implementation, verifying functions like genSalt, hash, compare, and related behaviors.",
  "sources": "User input data in functions like bcrypt.hash(), bcrypt.compare(), and bcrypt.genSalt(). Environment variables are not directly accessed; test inputs are hardcoded within the test cases.",
  "sinks": "Function calls such as bcrypt.hash(), bcrypt.compare(), and promises.reject(), which handle cryptographic operations. No evidence of untrusted data leading to security vulnerabilities like code injection or data leaks.",
  "flows": "Inputs from test cases flow into cryptographic functions, which generate promises or results. No external or untrusted sources are linked to these flows. Promise modifications via promises.use() could alter promise behaviors but are within controlled test scope.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code uses standard testing practices. The promises.use() manipulation is controlled and for testing purposes, not malicious. No signs of malware, obfuscation, or malicious behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive set of tests for bcrypt functionalities, including salt generation, hashing, comparison, and promise implementation. No suspicious or malicious patterns are evident. The code uses standard practices, and all manipulations are within test scope. No external data leaks, system manipulations, or malicious activities detected. The code does not perform any network operations, file modifications, or system commands. The use of promise.rejection and dynamic promise implementation is for testing flexibility, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard test suite for bcrypt library functions with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It does not exhibit any security risks beyond typical testing scenarios. Overall, the code appears safe and well-structured, with no malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}