{
  "purpose": "This code is a webpack configuration script intended to bundle and optimize a TypeScript/JavaScript project, generating an HTML file, source maps, and analyzing bundle size.",
  "sources": "Reading environment variables (DefinePlugin), requiring dependencies (webpack, path, html-webpack-plugin, webpack-bundle-analyzer), source files for bundling (./src/example.ts, ./src/index.html), and modules for transpiling (awesome-typescript-loader, babel-loader, source-map-loader).",
  "sinks": "Generated bundle files (example.js, index.html), console output during build (if any), and any environment variables set for build mode.",
  "flows": "Dependencies and source files are processed through loaders and plugins; environment variables are defined for production mode; output files are generated with source maps; bundle analyzer processes bundle info.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. Usage of widely accepted plugins and loaders appears normal. No obfuscated code or unusual language features detected. The configuration is standard for a webpack setup.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a typical webpack build configuration with plugins for HTML generation, environment variable definition, code minification, and bundle analysis. It processes TypeScript and JavaScript files, using Babel for transpilation. The environment variable 'NODE_ENV' is set to 'production', which is standard for production builds. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, malicious code injection, or backdoors are present. The code structure and dependencies are typical for front-end build pipelines. All plugins and loaders used are popular and well-understood, with no anomalies or suspicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "This webpack configuration code appears legitimate, intended for building a production JavaScript application. It uses common plugins and loaders without any malicious or suspicious modifications. No indicators of malware or security risks are evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}