{
  "purpose": "The script automates building, packaging, and optionally uploading prebuilt binaries for different environments and architectures, primarily for native Node.js modules.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from command-line arguments (argv), environment variables (process.env), and local configuration files (package.json, helpers.js).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include spawning child processes ('child_process'.spawn), file system modifications (fs.unlinkSync, fs.copySync, fs.mkdirSync), and network uploads (prebuild/upload).",
  "flows": "Input from command-line and environment variables influences target configurations, which then trigger build processes ('spawn') and packaging ('tar'), followed by conditional uploads ('upload').",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically constructs environment variables for build tools and performs file operations such as deleting and copying files without validation. The 'upload' function uses a token from environment variables ('GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN') to authenticate uploads, which could be misused if environment is compromised. No hardcoded credentials are present, but the script's capability to automate build and upload processes could be exploited if misused.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard build automation tasks, including handling multiple target configurations, copying build files based on platform, and creating tarballs for distribution. It invokes external build tools via 'spawn' and manages files systematically. The upload process uses an environment token for authentication, which is standard but requires secure handling. No malicious code, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious network activity, is detected. The code does perform file deletions and copies, which could be misused in a different context but appear to be part of normal build procedures. Overall, the code appears legitimate and focused on build automation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a build automation tool for native Node.js modules, managing cross-platform builds and packaging. No signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks are detected. The use of environment variables and external processes is standard for such tasks. Proper security practices should ensure the environment token is kept secure, but within this code, no malicious activity is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}