{
  "purpose": "This script automates the building, packaging, and optional uploading of native Node.js modules across multiple platforms and architectures, utilizing command-line arguments, environment variables, and configuration files.",
  "sources": "Command-line arguments, environment variables (e.g., GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN, npm_config_targets, npm_config_platforms, npm_config_arches), local configuration files (package.json, helpers.js), and filesystem operations.",
  "sinks": "Spawning child processes ('node-gyp') for compilation, file deletions and copies, creating tar.gz archives, and uploading files via 'prebuild/upload'.",
  "flows": "Input data from command-line args and environment variables flow into build configuration, which then triggers child processes and file operations, culminating in optional uploads.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. File deletions and copies are standard in build scripts. Environment variables are used for tokens and build parameters, which is typical but should be secured externally.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard build automation tasks for native modules, including cross-platform support, packaging, and optional uploading. It uses child_process.spawn for building, manipulates files for configuration, and creates archives for distribution. No malicious network activity, backdoors, or suspicious logic are present. The use of environment variables for tokens and build parameters is common in CI/CD pipelines. The scripts handle errors gracefully and follow typical patterns for such build processes. The malware score is 0, as no malicious code or payloads are detected. The obfuscated score is 0, given the code's clarity. The security risk score is 0.2, reflecting reliance on environment variables for sensitive operations, which is standard but should be managed securely outside the script.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a legitimate build and packaging utility for native Node.js modules, with no signs of malicious activity or sabotage. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate and consistent with the code's behavior. Proper handling of environment variables and secrets is recommended but does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}