{
  "purpose": "The code primarily defines a theme management system for styling a web application, including font loading, color schemes, and CSS variable generation. It provides functions to set and apply themes dynamically.",
  "sources": "Input data includes theme configuration objects, environment variables, and external font configurations. Data is read from theme objects, localStorage, and imported modules.",
  "sinks": "Generated CSS strings inserted into style elements, font configurations loaded via WebFont.load, and localStorage writes. These influence visual styling and theme persistence but do not perform critical actions like network requests or file access.",
  "flows": "Theme configuration objects and environment variables flow into CSS generation functions, which produce style tags inserted into document.head. Font configurations flow into WebFont.load calls, affecting font loading.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network connections are detected. The code performs standard theme and style management, with no unusual dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured around theme management and style generation, including color schemes, font loading, and CSS variable setup. It uses external library WebFont for font loading, manipulates DOM to insert style tags, and stores a dark mode setting in localStorage. No network calls besides font loading are made, and no sensitive data handling or system commands are present. The code appears standard for UI theming purposes, with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard theme management utility for a web application. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It simply manages styles and fonts. The risk score is very low, and there are no indications of sabotage or malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}