{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for WebGL debugging, translating WebGL error codes to strings, and formatting shader compilation and program linking errors with source code context.",
  "sources": "The code reads WebGL error codes via gl.getError(), shader info logs via gl.getShaderInfoLog(), and program info logs via gl.getProgramInfoLog(). It also reads shader source code passed as a parameter.",
  "sinks": "The error logs and source code are used to generate human-readable error messages. No untrusted data or network activity is involved.",
  "flows": "Error codes from WebGL functions flow into functions that translate them into strings; shader info logs flow into error message formatting functions, which combine error logs with source code snippets to produce debugging information.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious logic are present. The code uses standard WebGL debugging techniques and error handling methods. No obfuscated code, hidden behaviors, or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code utilizes WebGL API functions to retrieve error codes and info logs related to shader compilation and program linking. It formats error messages by extracting line numbers from logs and appending relevant source code lines for debugging. There are no input sources that accept untrusted external data; all data passed into functions (such as shader source and error logs) are within the application context. No network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious code execution is observed. The code appears to be a straightforward debugging utility for WebGL contexts, with no indicators of malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a benign WebGL debugging utility, intended to improve shader error reporting. It does not contain any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. Its purpose is solely to assist in WebGL error diagnosis.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}