{
  "purpose": "Provides a polyfill for the non-standard Element.scrollIntoCenter() method to enable centered scrolling of elements within the viewport, including support for nested frames.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters (options object), element's bounding rectangle (getBoundingClientRect()), and window properties (scrollY, scrollX, innerHeight, innerWidth).",
  "sinks": "Uses window.scroll() to perform scrolling actions, which can affect the user view but do not involve untrusted data sources or leak information.",
  "flows": "Options object values are used to calculate target scroll positions, which are then passed to window.scroll(). For nested frames, the function calls itself recursively on frame elements to adjust scroll positions within parent frames.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior observed. The code performs standard calculations and DOM operations. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or hidden network activity are present. The recursion for nested frames is standard for multi-frame setups.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a polyfill that enhances scrolling capabilities by adding a method to scroll elements into the center of the viewport. It reads configuration options and element geometry, performs calculations to determine scroll positions, and executes scrolling via window.scroll(). It includes recursive handling for nested frames, which is a common practice. No data is transmitted externally, no code injections, no suspicious modifications, or hidden behaviors are present. The code operates entirely within the browser context and does not interact with external systems or data sources.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign polyfill designed for UI enhancement, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It does not leak data, execute malicious actions, or contain malware. It is a standard implementation for a custom scrolling function.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}