{
  "purpose": "This code manages the creation and display of interactive code examples, including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and scenario content, for documentation or testing purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data includes 'scenarios' parameter, filenames, and content passed to 'addSource' method, as well as URL dependencies and content strings.",
  "sinks": "Generated HTML content, DOM element attributes, and injected scripts/styles that may display or execute content within a webpage.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and method arguments into content arrays, which are then rendered as HTML, CSS, and scripts. The content is used directly in HTML and script tags without sanitization.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No use of eval or dynamic code execution observed. Usage of content as-is in HTML/JS could be risky if content is untrusted, but no malicious code injection is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages data structures for code snippets and generates HTML interfaces for viewing and editing source content. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification. The direct embedding of content in HTML and script tags suggests reliance on trusted input; if the input is malicious, it could lead to cross-site scripting (XSS). However, the code itself does not perform any malicious actions or obfuscation. The 'addSource' method appropriately tracks IDs to prevent duplication, and content is inserted directly into DOM elements. No suspicious network activity or backdoors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility for managing code examples and generating corresponding HTML views. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior by itself. The main security consideration is potential XSS if untrusted content is supplied. Overall, the code appears safe but should be used with trusted input to avoid rendering malicious scripts.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}