{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript module for managing and rendering examples of web components, including sources like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, and scenarios. It facilitates the creation of HTML interfaces to display source code and demos, managing dependencies and unique identifiers.",
  "sources": "Input data is primarily the 'scenarios' parameter in the constructor and source contents added via 'addSource' method. Data is also read from static variables like 'makeUnique' and 'usedIds'.",
  "sinks": "Generated HTML code includes embedded source content within <pre>, <style>, and <script> tags. The 'ids' function joins source IDs for use in ng-set-text and ng-eval-javascript directives. The code does not perform network requests or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Sources (scenario content, source code) are processed and embedded into HTML snippets, often wrapped within <script> or <style> tags, with source IDs linked via ng-set-text and ng-eval-javascript directives, which are intended for AngularJS app usage.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns are detected. The code primarily manages data structures and generates HTML; there are no signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic. The only notable behavior is the dynamic generation of source IDs for source management.",
  "analysis": "The code is a source code management and rendering utility for web component examples. It maintains unique identifiers for source files to prevent conflicts, dynamically generates HTML structures for source display and live demos, and manages dependencies and scenarios. There are no network calls, no file modifications, or suspicious code injections. The code appears to be intended for development or documentation purposes. The source code is clean, with no obfuscated or malicious logic detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard utility for managing and displaying web component examples. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. The code is well-structured, with no anomalies or suspicious patterns. Overall, it appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}