{
  "purpose": "The code provides React and ReactDOM internal utilities, including error messaging, portal creation, resource hints, environment variable checks, and devtools hooks, serving as part of the React library infrastructure.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), global hooks (__REACT_DEVTOOLS_GLOBAL_HOOK__), and internal functions reading input data for error messages and resource hints.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulations via createPortal, resource hints via preconnect, prefetch, preload, and environment variable checks; no network exfiltration or data leaks detected.",
  "flows": "Input data from environment variables and function parameters flows into error URL generation, resource hint functions, and devtools hooks; no suspicious or malicious data flows identified.",
  "anomalies": "Code is bundled/minified React internals, which is standard; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscation tactics beyond minification; no unusual code patterns or dynamic execution.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical React/ReactDOM internal library bundle, handling error messaging, portal creation, resource hints, environment checks, and devtools integration. It uses environment variables and global hooks in a standard manner. No malicious code, network activity, or data exfiltration is present. The high obfuscated score (0.8) in some reports reflects minification, not malicious obfuscation. The malware score is correctly set to 0 across all reports. The low risk scores (around 0.1-0.2) are appropriate given the code's internal utility nature. Overall, the code is safe, legitimate, and poses no security threat.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is standard React and ReactDOM internal utilities with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. The current malware score of 0 is justified. The obfuscated score should be adjusted downward from 0.8 to around 0.2 to reflect typical minification rather than malicious obfuscation. The low risk scores are appropriate. No further action is necessary.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}