{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a React component for rendering a tree diagram with layout calculations, node rendering, and SVG elements for visual representation.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters such as 'e' (likely the tree data), and properties within the 'node' objects including 'meta', 'children', and 'data'. It also reads from module imports like 'react/jsx-runtime' and 'react'.",
  "sinks": "SVG element creation and rendering functions (e.g., 't.jsx', 't.jsxs') where the tree visualization is built. No evidence of data being sent over the network or to external domains. No system or environment variables are accessed or written. No unsafe eval or dynamic code execution observed.",
  "flows": "Tree data ('e') flows through layout functions (a, d, r), with position calculations updating node meta data. The data then flows into JSX creation functions to render SVG nodes and edges. No external data flow or output observed beyond DOM rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic detected. The code's purpose aligns with rendering a visual tree structure. The code is complex but appears consistent with a React-based visualization library. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. The source map comment indicates standard build process.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for layout calculation ('a', 'd', 'r') and rendering of tree nodes with SVG elements. It relies on well-understood React rendering patterns. No signs of malicious behavior, such as network communication, system modification, or secret exfiltration. The use of properties like 'meta', 'children', and 'data' is typical for visualization purposes. The code does not include any suspicious dynamic evaluation, external script loading, or unusual side-effects.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a React component for rendering tree diagrams, performing layout calculations, and SVG rendering. It appears benign with no malicious behavior or security risks detected. The complexity is typical for visualization components, and there are no indicators of supply chain attacks or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}