{
  "purpose": "Logging cluster events such as worker lifecycle, errors, and process signals for debugging and monitoring purposes.",
  "sources": "Event listeners on the 'master' object for events like 'start', 'closing', 'worker exception', etc., and process exit event.",
  "sinks": "Error messages, worker IDs, signals, connection counts, and other event data used in logs.",
  "flows": "Event triggers -> log functions -> console.error with formatted messages.",
  "anomalies": "No malicious or suspicious code detected; use of error messages and IDs for logging is standard. No obfuscation or malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward debugging utility that logs cluster-related events. It uses event listeners to output status updates and errors to standard error, with optional color formatting. No external data fetching, code injection, or network activity is present. The data logged are event parameters such as worker IDs, error messages, signals, and connection counts, which are typical in debugging contexts. The code does not contain obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious routines. The potential concern is that error messages or IDs could leak sensitive info if they contain secrets, but this is common in debugging logs and not indicative of malicious intent. The malware score is appropriately set to 0, and the security risk is very low (around 0.1-0.2), reflecting minimal risk of sensitive data leakage. Overall, the code is benign, and the scores in the reports are consistent with its behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign cluster event logger used for debugging purposes. It does not contain malware or obfuscation. The minor security concern about potential info leakage in logs is acknowledged but does not constitute a security vulnerability. The assigned scores are appropriate, with malware and obfuscated scores at 0, and a very low risk score (~0.1). No further action or adjustment is necessary.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}