{
  "purpose": "The code provides a debugging/logging utility for monitoring events in a master process managing workers, primarily for server process management.",
  "sources": "Event handlers that listen to master process events such as 'start', 'closing', 'close', 'kill', 'worker killed', 'worker exception', 'worker waiting', 'worker timeout', 'worker connected', 'worker removed', 'worker', 'listening', 'cyclic restart', 'restarting', 'restart', and process 'exit'.",
  "sinks": "Console error logging via console.error with formatted messages and color codes, which are not used for data leakage or data manipulation. No sinks that perform network transmission, file system writes, or data exfiltration are present.",
  "flows": "Event handlers are triggered by master events; they log status messages to standard error. No data flows from untrusted sources to sinks with security implications. The color function manipulates output strings but does not process external data.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns detected. The code uses standard event handling and logging patterns. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution observed. The color function is for output formatting and not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a logging function with multiple event listeners for master-worker process events. It outputs formatted status messages to standard error using console.error. The color function removes ANSI color codes if disabled via options. No external data inputs are read that could lead to injection, nor are there sinks that transmit data externally. The code’s structure is straightforward, and it follows common logging practices without any suspicious or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign debugging utility for server process management with no evidence of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It merely logs process and worker events with optional color formatting.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}