{
  "purpose": "The code is a command-line utility for running object detection using a YOLO model on an input image, then saving and optionally displaying the result.",
  "sources": "Reads input image file from user-specified path; accesses local filesystem for ONNX and JSON model/config files; downloads model and config files from GitHub URLs if not present.",
  "sinks": "Writes processed image with detections to output file; downloads files from URLs; potentially opens the output image in a viewer if specified.",
  "flows": "Reads image data from filesystem -> loads model -> processes image data -> runs inference -> draws bounding boxes -> saves output image; downloads files if missing, then writes files locally.",
  "anomalies": "Uses external URL downloads for model and config files; no explicit validation of downloaded data; uses 'opn' module to open output image which could be misused to run arbitrary commands if manipulated. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code; code appears to perform legitimate image processing and inference.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a CLI for image object detection. It manages dependencies, downloads model/config files if absent, reads and processes an input image, and runs inference via a YOLO model. The code uses standard Node.js modules and well-known packages like 'download' and 'fs'. It handles file system operations and network downloads in a typical manner. No suspicious or malicious code, such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors, is detected. The external download URLs are used for model files, which is normal for such applications, and there's no evidence of malicious behavior linked to these URLs. The use of 'opn' to open images is standard for a user-facing CLI tool, not inherently malicious. Overall, the code performs expected operations for an object detection CLI without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate CLI tool for object detection using YOLO, with standard practices for downloading models, processing images, and optionally opening the output. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware indications are present. The code appears safe and normal in scope.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}