{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of functions for performing precise arithmetic operations (addition, subtraction, multiplication, division) on numeric inputs, handling floating point issues.",
  "sources": "Function parameters for check(), handleValue(), and arithmetic operations; data is read from function arguments.",
  "sinks": "Return statements that output numerical results; no direct data leaks or external system calls.",
  "flows": "Inputs are processed through check() and handleValue() to ensure numeric consistency; results flow from arithmetic functions to return statements.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or dynamic code execution. No obfuscated code or suspicious network activity. Use of Number(), String(), and replace() is standard. There are minor issues in error handling logic, but nothing malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines arithmetic functions with input validation. The check() function converts inputs to numbers and checks for NaN, but the method to detect NaN is flawed: 'numb1.toString() === 'NaN'' will never be true because Number() produces NaN which does not convert to the string 'NaN'. The handleValue() function calculates multipliers for floating point precision but does not perform any external operations or side effects. The arithmetic methods use these helpers to perform precise calculations, but do not include any network calls, file operations, or data exfiltration. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present. The code is a typical utility library for numerical calculations, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard arithmetic utility with input validation to handle floating point inaccuracies. There are no malicious or sabotage elements detected. Minor flaws in NaN detection do not impact security. Overall, it is a benign code module for mathematical operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}