{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionality to create and handle multipart/form-data HTTP requests, including file and data parts, for uploading or transmitting binary and textual data.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from files on disk (fs.read, fs.open, fs.close) and function parameters (e.g., filename, data). It also reads stream data for writing file contents.",
  "sinks": "The code writes data to provided stream objects via the stream.write method, including writing file contents read from disk. No direct network or external data sinks are present within this module.",
  "flows": "Data flows from filesystem reads (fs.read) within the Part.write method to stream.write, which outputs data to an external stream. Input parameters (e.g., data, filename, path) flow into Part and MultiPartRequest objects, then into streams.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious URLs are detected. The code employs standard Node.js filesystem operations and basic string manipulations. There are no obfuscated or malicious dynamic code executions. No external network communication is initiated within this code.",
  "analysis": "The module primarily constructs multipart/form-data payloads for HTTP requests, supporting file and data parts. It uses filesystem operations to read files and streams to write data, which is typical for file upload implementations. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, hidden network communications, or backdoors. The code does not perform any operations outside its defined scope. No unusual or suspicious code patterns, such as dynamic eval or eval-like behavior, are present. The code appears safe, with straightforward and standard implementation.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard multipart data builder for HTTP requests, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It reads files securely and writes data to streams as expected for such a utility. No malicious or sabotage activities are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}