{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for constructing and writing multipart/form-data HTTP requests, including handling files and data parts, with support for streaming file contents.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the parameters to functions such as file, data, and the data object passed to MultiPartRequest. Also, fs.read interacts with the filesystem to read file contents.",
  "sinks": "Data written to streams, which could be network sockets or file streams, especially in the write method of Part and MultiPartRequest. Also, fs.read reads from filesystem, which is standard.",
  "flows": "Input data (from data objects, file paths) flows into Part objects, which generate headers and content, then are written into streams. File reading via fs.read flows from filesystem to stream. No untrusted data flows directly into system commands or external processes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors observed. The code handles file reading asynchronously, which is standard. No obfuscated code, no suspicious dynamic execution, or misleading variable names. The code processes and writes data in a typical manner for multipart form data.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes and functions for creating multipart/form-data requests. It reads files from the filesystem via fs.read, constructs headers, and writes parts to streams. No user input sanitization is evident, but this is typical for such utilities. The code does not include network communication logic itself, nor does it execute commands or send data externally beyond stream writes. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or malicious network activity are present. The use of fs.read is for file streaming, which is standard. No suspicious hardcoded secrets or environment variables are found. The overall design is for request assembly, with no active malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a multipart/form-data utility module that handles constructing request parts, streaming files, and data. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks beyond typical file I/O. It appears benign and standard for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}