{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a library for constructing and handling multipart/form-data HTTP requests, including creating parts with files or data, calculating sizes, and writing to streams or strings.",
  "sources": "Input data from provided parameters for files and data objects; streams passed into write functions; file paths for reading file content.",
  "sinks": "Writing data to streams or strings, including file content read from disk; constructing multipart form-data headers and bodies.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (files, data) -> constructing Part objects -> writing parts to streams -> output as multipart/form-data body.",
  "anomalies": "Use of fs.read to read files in binary mode, but no validation or sanitization of file paths; potential to read arbitrary files if file paths are user-controlled. No explicit credential handling or network activity is present. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors detected. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code patterns found.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes and functions for creating multipart form-data requests, including handling files and data. It reads file content using fs.read, which could be exploited if file paths are controlled by an attacker, potentially leading to reading sensitive files. However, there are no direct network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors embedded. The code’s primary function is data packaging for HTTP uploads. There are no indications of malicious intent or malware, and no suspicious anomalies such as obfuscated code or secret exfiltration routines. The structure appears standard for a multipart form-data utility.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a multipart form-data utility library with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It handles files and data to prepare HTTP requests, with potential risk if file paths are maliciously supplied but no active malicious activities are present. It is generally safe but should be used with trusted input for file paths.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}