{
  "purpose": "The code provides a color manipulation library for interpolating colors, converting between color spaces, and generating GLSL shader code for color processing. It includes functions for color parsing, space conversions, and embedded LUT data for color grading effects.",
  "sources": "The code reads input colors via parsing functions (from strings, objects, numbers), and loads embedded LUT data in the decompress function. It also reads data from the embedded LUT string passed to decompress for shader and texture generation.",
  "sinks": "The main sinks are the GLSL shader code generated by glsl(), the texture created in lutTexture(), and the processed color outputs from functions like latentToRgb() and their variants. No external data exfiltration or network activity is present.",
  "flows": "Input colors are parsed and unpacked, then converted to latent space representations. These are interpolated via lerpLatent, then converted back to RGB for rendering or shader use. The embedded LUT data is decompressed and used in shader code and textures, with no external data flow outside the module.",
  "anomalies": "The large embedded string passed to decompress appears to be a static LUT or color data blob, which is typical in graphics workflows. No signs of obfuscation beyond standard minification, no dynamic code execution, backdoors, or credential leaks are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive color processing library, including functions for color parsing, space conversions, and LUT-based color grading. The embedded data is a large static LUT, used in decompress() to generate a lookup texture and in GLSL shader code. The decompress routine and polynomial evaluation are standard for embedded LUTs. No network activity, environment variable access, or dynamic code execution is present. The malware and security risk scores are consistent with the code's purpose and structure, indicating a benign, legitimate library.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, complex color manipulation library with embedded static LUT data. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or data leaks. The embedded LUT is standard in graphics workflows for artistic effects. The overall security risk is very low, and the code can be considered safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}