{
  "purpose": "This code is a PostCSS plugin designed to transform specific class size properties (width and height) in CSS (wxss). It adjusts the CSS rules based on provided class names, applying a calculation to modify width and height declarations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input CSS source code passed as a string parameter to 'transformClassSize' function.",
  "sinks": "The processed CSS output is returned as a string. There are no direct sinks that send data externally, such as network requests, file writes, or environment variable usage.",
  "flows": "The function takes source CSS, applies a PostCSS transformation that searches for specific class selectors, and modifies width and height properties. The data flows from input source string to processed CSS output, passing through internal parsing and transformation steps.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code uses well-known libraries (postcss, postcss-selector-parser, postcss-value-parser) without unusual or misleading constructs. There are no obfuscated parts or dynamic code execution. The only computation involves CSS parsing and string manipulation, which is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a PostCSS plugin that selectively modifies CSS rules matching specified class names. It parses selectors and declarations to find width and height properties, then adjusts their values with a calc expression. The 'transformClassSize' function applies this plugin to input CSS and returns the transformed CSS. There are no signs of malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, network activity, or code injections. The code appears straightforward, uses established libraries, and performs a purely cosmetic transformation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign CSS transformation plugin intended for styling adjustments. There are no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}