{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for creating and handling multipart/form-data HTTP requests, including file handling, data encapsulation, and stream writing.",
  "sources": "Reads include 'require' for 'fs' and 'sys', input parameters to constructors and methods such as 'File', 'Data', 'Part', and 'MultiPartRequest', especially 'fs.open' and 'fs.read'.",
  "sinks": "Data written to streams via 'stream.write', including file contents read from disk and form data, which could potentially leak data if misused; however, no untrusted input is explicitly sent over network here.",
  "flows": "Sources like file paths and data fields flow into 'Part.write', which writes headers and file contents to streams; streams output data. There are no external network or system calls that send data externally.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code performs standard multipart/form-data creation. Minor issues include inconsistent variable declarations (missing 'var' in '_partNames'), and use of deprecated 'fs.open' mode 0666. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The script defines utilities for constructing multipart/form-data bodies, including handling files and arbitrary data. It supports writing data to streams, reading files from disk, and assembling multipart requests with boundary markers. All functions perform standard operations without suspicious side effects. There are no external network calls, no code injection, nor any code that could be used to exfiltrate data outside the intended scope. The code is well-structured, with no unusual dynamic code execution or obfuscation. The use of 'fs.read' to read files is normal for multipart upload preparation, and no hardcoded credentials or environment variables are used.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation for creating multipart/form-data requests, with no malicious behavior detected. It is safe for use in typical file upload scenarios. No security risks or malware indications are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}