{
  "purpose": "The code implements multipart/form-data request construction, including classes for handling files, data, and form parts, and methods to generate and write multipart requests to streams.",
  "sources": "Reads file content from filesystem using fs.open and fs.read; reads input data passed into functions like Data and Part; accesses process-related streams via the provided stream parameter.",
  "sinks": "Writes data to streams via stream.write; reads files from the filesystem; potentially outputs multipart data, including files and form data.",
  "flows": "File content read from filesystem flows into multipart parts; parts generate headers and content, which flow into streams; data and files flow from input parameters into the write methods, eventually writing to streams.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscation detected. The code handles file I/O and stream writing in a standard manner. No unusual or malicious code constructs are present. There are minimal validation checks or sanitization on input parameters, but this is standard for such utility code.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages multipart form data creation and writing, with classes representing files and data, and methods to generate headers, calculate sizes, and write data to streams. It uses the Node.js fs module to read file contents synchronously and asynchronously, which is standard. No hidden network calls, data exfiltration, or suspicious behaviors such as reverse shells or system modifications are present. The code appears to serve legitimate purposes related to multipart request construction, with appropriate handling of streams and files. Its design does not include any evident malicious or backdoor functionalities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a multipart/form-data utility for constructing and sending multipart requests. It reads files from the filesystem and writes multipart data to streams. No malicious behaviors or security risks are detected. The implementation is straightforward, with no hidden or suspicious actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}