{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Vue.js component for zoom and pan controls, including UI elements for directional panning, zooming, and resetting the view, with some overlay controls for interaction.",
  "sources": "Reads input from DOM events such as mouse and touch events (e.g., mousedown, mouseup, touchstart, touchend), keyboard events (keydown, keyup), wheel events, and pointer events. Uses props for configuration and component state variables for zoom, pan, and overlay visibility.",
  "sinks": "Updates component state variables such as zoom level, pan position, overlay visibility; modifies CSS transform styles; and potentially triggers callbacks for control buttons. No direct data leaks or external data transmissions are observed.",
  "flows": "Input events (mouse, touch, keyboard, wheel) → handlers that modify zoom, pan, overlay states → CSS styles applied to DOM elements; control button callbacks trigger state updates.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are identified. No obfuscated code or misleading variable names. The code appears to be a standard implementation of UI controls for zoom/pan functionality.",
  "analysis": "The code defines Vue components with event handlers for mouse, touch, and keyboard inputs to control zoom and pan features, with support for overlay visibility. Event handlers modify local state variables and CSS styles accordingly. No network requests, data leaks, or external communications are present. The code uses standard Vue patterns and controlled event handling. The presence of control icons and overlay components appears typical for a zoomable interface. No signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, system modification, or cryptomining, are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Vue.js component implementing zoom and pan controls with overlay support. It does not contain any malicious behavior or malware indicators. It is safe based on the provided code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}