{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React component for rendering and exporting organizational charts with features such as zoom, pan, and export to PDF/PNG. It manages hierarchical data and user interactions within a visualization tool.",
  "sources": "Data source: 'datasource' prop, which provides hierarchical JSON data. DOM elements during rendering (e.g., container.current, chart.current). User interactions like onWheel, onClick, and onMouseUp events.",
  "sinks": "Export functions generate image data URLs and trigger downloads or generate PDFs. The export functions handle the generated data to create downloadable files. No direct data leak or external system interaction detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'datasource' into the component state 'ds'. User interactions trigger functions such as zoomHandler or export functions. Export functions convert DOM or canvas content into downloadable files. No external network flow or data exfiltration identified.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hard-coded credentials, or backdoors detected. Use of standard React patterns and third-party libraries is typical. No obfuscated code or misleading variable names observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs a React component with state management, rendering, and export capabilities. It uses standard third-party libraries like json-digger, html2canvas, jsPDF, and Material-UI icons. Event handlers for zoom, pan, and export are well-defined. There are no indications of malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or hidden network activity. All external libraries serve standard UI or utility purposes. The code appears to be a legitimate visualization component with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React component for rendering an organizational chart with export features. No signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks were found. The implementation relies on standard libraries and patterns. Overall, the code appears safe and trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}