{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component for rendering an organizational chart with features like zoom, export, and node management. Its main function is visual presentation and interaction with hierarchical data.",
  "sources": "Inputs are received via props such as datasource, isLoading, and event handlers (e.g., onClickNode, onClickChart). Data is processed through the json-digger library. User interactions and export functions access DOM elements and canvas data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the export functions that generate PDF/PNG images from the DOM via html2canvas, and the export functions that save files using Blob and window.navigator.msSaveBlob.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props to state (datasource), processed through json-digger, and rendered within DOM elements. User interactions trigger functions that may access DOM, generate images, or save files. Export functions read DOM and canvas data to generate files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behavior are apparent. External libraries are used for standard functionalities (e.g., react, json-digger, html2canvas, jsPDF). No obfuscated or minified code segments; code appears structured and standard. Event handling and file export procedures are typical.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages visualization of hierarchical data with features like zoom, export, and node manipulation. It uses well-known libraries and patterns for React components. DOM interactions for export involve rendering DOM to canvas and generating files. There are no signs of malicious data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful operations. The only concern could be the export functions that access DOM and generate files, but they do so using standard APIs without suspicious behavior. Overall, the code is a legitimate visualization component with no malicious intent or malicious code detected.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a React-based organizational chart visualization component that performs standard functions such as zooming, exporting, and node interaction. It employs common libraries and APIs without signs of malware or malicious behavior. No security risks or anomalies are evident from this review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}