{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a Vue.js component library related to tab management and icons, providing UI functionality for tab interactions, icons, and animations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from props (iconObj, type, i18n, multiple, icons), event handlers (onClick, onContextmenu), and session storage (_VUETABSARR_). It also interacts with the DOM via event listeners and component references.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation for UI components, event handling for user interactions, sessionStorage for state persistence, dynamic component resolution, and potential network requests through external dependencies.",
  "flows": "User interactions (clicks, context menu, wheel events) trigger state updates and DOM changes. Session storage is updated with tab data. Event handlers manage tab behaviors and UI updates. Dynamic component rendering based on props creates flows from user actions to UI updates.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. The code uses dynamic component resolution and session storage but these are standard Vue.js practices. No suspicious network requests, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Vue.js component library implementing tab and icon UI elements, including animated SVG icons and interaction handlers. It utilizes standard Vue features like reactive refs, watchers, event listeners, and session storage for state management. The code structure is typical for Vue.js components, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious payloads. No external network activity or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code’s purpose is purely UI-focused, managing tabs and icons with user interactions, with no evidence of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard Vue.js component library for tabs and icons, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It functions as UI utility code without any suspicious or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}