{
  "purpose": "The code provides modules for pose detection, rendering, and interaction with an API for fitness/pose tracking, primarily aimed at client-side execution and server communication for pose analysis and feedback.",
  "sources": "Sources include user media streams (camera input), external pose detection models, and API endpoints for POST/GET requests with authorization tokens. Data is read from video streams, pose detection outputs, and configuration options.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests (fetch API calls) transmitting pose data, session info, feedback, and user activity metrics to external servers; also, camera stream data flows into the pose detector.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user media streams into the pose detector, which produces pose data. This data can be filtered, analyzed, and then sent via API calls to remote servers. Video states and user interactions influence whether pose data is captured and transmitted.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears standard with no obfuscated, minified, or suspicious language features. No hardcoded credentials are evident. The API functions utilize standard fetch calls with authorization tokens. No backdoors or hidden network connections are detected. Usage of external libraries is typical for pose detection and rendering.",
  "analysis": "The modules include a pose detection setup with TensorFlow.js, rendering logic, and API interaction via fetch with authorization tokens. The code handles camera setup, pose analysis, and periodic data posting to a remote server. No signs of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or unauthorized system access are present. The code appears to be a legitimate pose tracking library with server communication for fitness applications.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a pose detection and tracking utility with server communication for feedback and analytics. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware in the provided code. All network activities utilize standard fetch requests with proper authorization tokens. The code is consistent with open-source pose tracking tools and API integrations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}