{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of JavaScript classes and functions for pose detection, rendering, video analysis, and API communication, mainly aimed at fitness or exercise tracking applications.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user video elements, instructor video elements, and data fetched from external API endpoints (e.g., session management, pose data posting). It reads environment variables for API URLs and fetches tokens via provided functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include fetch calls to external URLs for POST and GET requests, which transmit pose data, session info, and user feedback. Video streams are accessed via getUserMedia, and pose data is sent over network requests.",
  "flows": "Source flows involve capturing video streams and user inputs, then processing pose detection via TensorFlow.js, rendering outputs on a canvas, and posting data to external servers. Data flows from video input through pose detection to rendering and server communication.",
  "anomalies": "There are no obvious anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or concealed malicious code. Environment variables are used for API URLs. The code is well-structured, with no unusual code constructs. No suspicious network activity or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard pose detection libraries (@tensorflow-models/posenet) and well-known APIs for video capture and network communication. It performs pose estimation, rendering, and data transmission as intended for a fitness application. No obfuscated code, malicious network connections, or privacy violations are evident. All functions appear to perform expected behaviors, and data is sent to configured endpoints. Environment variables for URLs and token functions are standard practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate pose detection and analysis library for fitness tracking. There are no indications of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. The network requests and data handling follow standard patterns. Overall, the code is safe, with low confidence of malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}