{
  "purpose": "The provided code constitutes a JavaScript library for pose detection and video analysis, intended for use in fitness or training applications. It includes modules for pose detection, rendering, examination, and interaction with a backend service for pose data management.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from HTMLVideoElement objects (camera streams, instructor videos), and fetches data from external APIs via the fetch function. It also reads environment variables for API URL configuration.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests (fetch) that transmit pose data, and DOM elements such as video and canvas which are used for media input/output. No direct data leakage or insecure code usage observed.",
  "flows": "Input is obtained from user camera or video elements; pose detection results are processed locally and optionally sent via fetch to external APIs; the data flow is straightforward with no hidden or obfuscated data flows.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns, such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, obfuscated code, or dynamic code execution, are present. The code uses standard libraries, patterns, and practices. The only environment-dependent URL is set via environment variable, which is typical.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for pose detection (using @tensorflow-models/posenet), rendering, and backend interaction. It performs media setup, pose estimation, rendering, and periodic data posting. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or reverse shells. The code relies on external libraries and standard web APIs, with no obfuscation or suspicious code segments. All network requests use standard fetch with proper headers and URL composition. Environment variables are used for configuration, which is standard. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate pose analysis library with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It uses standard APIs, libraries, and patterns. No evidence of malware, backdoors, or supply chain attacks present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}