{
  "purpose": "This code provides UI components and data structures for managing and selecting region-specific Google and Yandex search configurations, including token input and region search features.",
  "sources": "Reads input from DOM elements such as text inputs, textareas, and URL href attributes; accesses global objects like window.serpstatAPI and window.SerpstatControls; reads configuration data for regions.",
  "sinks": "Updates innerHTML of DOM elements, manipulates classNames, triggers API calls via window.SerpstatAPI, and modifies DOM structures. No direct data leaks or unsafe operations are apparent.",
  "flows": "User input in token field triggers API initialization via window.SerpstatAPI, which then updates DOM elements; region search input triggers filtering and DOM updates; token parsing may modify input display state.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. The token input handling has a 'change' event and a periodic check that could be misused for automated API requests, but no suspicious network activity or hidden code is present. The alert for missing 'country_name_ru' is benign and for debugging. The code uses alert which could be intrusive, but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is mainly focused on creating UI components for token input, region search, and displaying region info. It uses standard DOM manipulation, event listeners, and periodic polling. The parseToken function trims and strips prefixes from tokens, and the updateLeftRows function updates display counts. No dangerous network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. The code interacts with external API object (serpstatAPI), but only through standard promise-based API calls. The alert on missing 'country_name_ru' is non-malicious and likely for debugging. Overall, no malicious intent or harmful behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate UI utility for region and token management related to SEO tools, with no signs of malicious activity or sabotage. It handles user input, API interaction, and region data in a typical manner without suspicious code patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}