{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a PostCSS plugin designed to modify CSS rules related to borders and border-radius properties, specifically generating styles for 1px borders with support for device pixel ratio scaling.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration parameters (ignoreCommentText), CSS rule declarations (border, border-radius), and CSS selectors. It processes CSS AST nodes such as declarations, comments, and selectors.",
  "sinks": "Generated CSS styles are injected into the stylesheet. The code also modifies selector strings by appending pseudo-elements, and conditionally prepends styles to the root.",
  "flows": "Input: CSS rules and declarations -> Processing: Checks for specific border styles, pseudo-elements, and border-radius -> Output: Injected CSS styles with device pixel ratio scaling and modified selectors.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically generates CSS for device pixel ratios but does not include any network operations, system calls, or data exfiltration. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The logic is straightforward CSS manipulation with no obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic execution, or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code is a CSS post-processing plugin that selectively modifies CSS rules related to borders and border-radius. It handles pseudo-elements by appending ':after' selectors unless explicitly ignored by comments. It generates device pixel ratio-specific styles, likely for high-DPI screens. The code relies solely on CSS AST manipulation, with no network activity, data access, or system modifications. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. The only potential concern could be unintentional style injection, but it appears intended for styling purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign PostCSS plugin aimed at enhancing border styles for different device pixel ratios. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities. It operates within the scope of CSS transformation and styling enhancement without any suspicious or harmful activities.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}