{
  "purpose": "This code defines a PostCSS plugin that modifies CSS rules related to borders, specifically targeting 1px borders and adjusting border-radius and pseudo-elements. It dynamically generates media queries for high-resolution screens and manipulates CSS selectors and declarations.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include CSS rules, declarations (e.g., border properties, border-radius), and comment nodes within CSS rules, as well as selector strings.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are modifications to CSS selectors and declarations, and dynamic insertion of style rules via root.prepend, which affect the output CSS.",
  "flows": "The code reads CSS declarations and selectors; if conditions are met (e.g., border of 1px), it may generate additional styles (via geneBorderCommonStyle) and modify selectors by appending ':after' pseudo-elements. These generated styles are inserted into the root, affecting final CSS output.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs dynamic CSS generation based on existing declarations, which is common; no hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. No obfuscated code or hidden malicious logic detected. The code includes comments and straightforward logic. No network or system interaction code present. The style manipulation and media query generation are standard techniques.",
  "analysis": "The plugin scans CSS rules for 'border' properties with value '1px'. It excludes rules with ':before' pseudo-elements and processes 'border-radius' declarations, removing them after extraction. It dynamically generates high-DPI media query styles for borders with radius, appending these styles to the root. It also modifies selectors to include ':after' pseudo-elements and appends 'position: relative' to rules if not already present. The code appears to enhance CSS styling for borders and radii, with no malicious intent or suspicious behaviors observed. The overall structure and logic are consistent with a styling plugin, not malware.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a CSS post-processing plugin designed to improve border rendering on high-resolution screens by dynamically generating additional styles and adjusting selectors. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious network activity. It is a legitimate styling enhancement tool with no security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}