{
  "purpose": "This code is a PostCSS plugin intended to modify CSS rules related to border styling, particularly targeting 1px borders and applying additional styles or pseudo-elements.",
  "sources": "The code reads CSS rule declarations, parent selector strings, and comments within the CSS AST (Abstract Syntax Tree). It also reads configuration options via function parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code generates and prepends CSS style blocks for pseudo-elements, modifies selector strings, and removes or alters existing declarations within CSS rules.",
  "flows": "CSS declarations (border properties) and comments serve as sources, which influence the modification or generation of additional CSS styles (sinks). The code conditionally creates new style blocks based on these inputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically generates media queries for border radii and scales styles based on device pixel ratios. It also manipulates selectors to target pseudo-elements. No suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malicious network activity are present. The code structure is complex but appears to serve a legitimate styling purpose.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a PostCSS plugin that targets specific border declarations, particularly '1px' borders, and applies additional styling for device pixel ratios and border-radius adjustments. It removes certain border-radius declarations from CSS rules and generates corresponding styles for pseudo-elements, specifically ':after'. It also modifies selectors to include ':after' unless a comment matching 'ignoreCommentText' is found. No evident malicious activity, such as data exfiltration, network communication, or system modification, is present. The dynamic style generation based on device pixel ratios is a common technique for responsive or high-DPI styling. The code does not include obfuscated code, backdoors, or network activity, and operates solely on CSS AST modifications.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate PostCSS plugin designed for styling adjustments, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It manipulates CSS rules to enhance border styling and pseudo-element handling without involving any suspicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}