{
  "purpose": "The code is a PostCSS plugin designed to generate border styles, particularly for 1px borders with device pixel ratio adjustments and optional border-radius handling.",
  "sources": "Data sources include CSS rule declarations (`decl.value`), parent rule selectors (`rule.parent.selector`), and comments immediately following declarations (`nextNode`).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the injection of generated CSS styles via `root.prepend()` and modification of rule selectors and declarations, which could influence CSS output.",
  "flows": "Data flows from CSS declarations (e.g., border width, border-radius) through processing functions that generate media queries and style blocks, then injects styles via `root.prepend()`. Changes to selectors and declarations are based on specific conditions, including pseudo-elements and comments.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code performs CSS manipulations with no external network activity, file operations, or dynamic code execution. The use of regular expressions and conditional styling appears standard for CSS processing.",
  "analysis": "The code analyzes CSS rules to modify borders with specific conditions (border width of 1px). It processes border-radius declarations, removes them, and generates media-specific styles to support high-DPI screens. It also appends pseudo-element selectors and ensures positioning is relative. There is no evidence of obfuscation, malicious behavior, or malicious intent. The logic is consistent with CSS style generation. The only potential concern could be unintended CSS injection, but this is a standard post-processing step and not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a CSS post-processing plugin to enhance border rendering and does not contain malicious or suspicious behavior. It does not perform any network activity, data theft, or system modification. Overall, it appears safe with a low security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}