{
  "purpose": "The script automates updating placeholder information in project files with user-provided configuration data, such as component names, repository URL, and author details, primarily for customizing a boilerplate or template project.",
  "sources": "Input data is gathered through inquirer prompts; file system reads with ls; and shell command outputs. Data is injected into files via sed commands, and some files are read from the filesystem (index.js, package.json, README.md).",
  "sinks": "Sed commands modify text in files, replacing placeholder strings with user inputs. No untrusted data is executed as code or sent over network. The exec command runs a shell command to modify README.md, but it appears to be static and not influenced by untrusted input.",
  "flows": "User inputs (shortname, longname, repo, author) flow into sed commands that modify placeholder text in files. The sed commands are applied directly on static files without executing the input data, indicating no dynamic code execution or data leaks.",
  "anomalies": "Use of shelljs global import and exec for executing shell commands; reliance on sed for string replacements in files. No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No suspicious domain connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors detected. The script appears to be a standard boilerplate configuration updater.",
  "analysis": "The script begins by importing shelljs and child_process modules, then executes a sed command to trim README.md content. It checks for existing configuration; if complete, runs the main function and exits. Otherwise, prompts user interactively for component details, then updates relevant files via sed replacements to customize project placeholders. The sed commands replace placeholder strings with user inputs, affecting files like index.js, package.json, README.md, and HTML examples. No network activity, no dynamic code execution, and no external data sources are present beyond file modifications and user prompts. All operations are static and straightforward, with no suspicious patterns or malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a boilerplate customization script, replacing placeholder text with user-provided configuration data. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The code's operations are standard for setup scripts, with no security risks identified beyond normal file modifications. Overall, it appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}