{
  "purpose": "This script automates the customization of project files by replacing placeholder texts with user-provided configuration values related to component naming, repository, and author information. It is intended for project setup or templating purposes.",
  "sources": "User inputs collected via inquirer prompts; File system reads via ls() function; Shell commands executed via exec().",
  "sinks": "sed commands modifying files ('index.js', 'package.json', 'README.md', and HTML files in 'examples' directory); exec() executing a shell command to modify README.md.",
  "flows": "User input from inquirer prompts flows into sed commands replacing placeholders in files; exec() command reads and modifies README.md based on a shell script; file reads via ls() feed into sed commands for in-place editing.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'shelljs/global' which globally injects shell commands; executing 'sed' directly on README.md at script start without input validation; no validation or sanitization of user input before insertion into sed commands; potential for code injection or unintended file modifications if inputs are malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script reads user input for component configuration details and applies multiple string replacements in key project files to personalize the component. It also runs a shell command to modify README.md at startup. Usage of 'shelljs/global' introduces shell command execution capabilities globally, which can be risky if inputs are not sanitized. The script does not validate or sanitize user input, which could allow malicious input to manipulate file contents or execute arbitrary commands if inputs are crafted maliciously. The direct execution of 'sed' commands on files, combined with unverified input, could potentially lead to file corruption or injection. However, there is no evidence of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoor functionality. The code appears to be a project scaffolding or templating tool with inherent risks related to input handling, but no active malicious intent is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a project setup script for customizing template files with user-supplied information. It employs shell commands for file editing, which pose a risk if inputs are malicious. No malware, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident; however, the absence of input sanitization could lead to security issues if misused. Overall, it appears to be a standard templating script with moderate security risks related to input handling.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 3
}