{
  "purpose": "This script is designed to automate the customization of a boilerplate A-Frame component, updating configuration details in project files based on user input.",
  "sources": "User inputs via inquirer prompts; file reads from 'index.js', 'package.json', 'README.md', and HTML files in the 'examples' directory.",
  "sinks": "File modifications through 'sed' commands potentially alter project files; no network or system-level sinks are present.",
  "flows": "User inputs flow into the 'run' function, which modifies project files using 'sed' based on the provided answers; no external or untrusted data sources or sinks are detected beyond file modification.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'shelljs/global' to execute shell commands and 'sed' for file editing is typical but could be misused if combined with malicious inputs. However, inputs are prompts for user data; no hardcoded secrets or suspicious commands are found. The 'exec' command removes lines from 'README.md', which could be used maliciously but appears to serve a cleanup purpose.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily performs file editing based on user prompts, updating component names, repository info, and author details in project files. The 'exec' command deletes content in 'README.md' before processing. 'sed' commands replace placeholder strings with user-provided values. No network connections, data exfiltration, or system manipulation code is present. The 'find' function filters HTML files in 'examples' for editing, also part of customization. The use of global shell commands and file modifications are common in scaffolding scripts and do not suggest malicious intent unless user inputs are maliciously crafted. Overall, the code operates within standard project setup parameters without signs of malware or supply chain attacks.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a project scaffolding and customization script, modifying project files based on user input. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The use of shell commands and file editing is typical for such scripts, with no evidence of malicious intent or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}