{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript class VectorBloom for generating, rendering, and exporting SVG-based flower vector graphics with configurable properties such as petals and center arrangements.",
  "sources": "Sources of data include configuration objects passed to the constructor (config), SVG element attributes, and random number generation for jitter and unique IDs.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include DOM manipulation functions (appendChild, setAttribute), SVG element creation, style injection, and data serialization (XMLSerializer, JSON.stringify). No untrusted data flows are explicitly evident outside of standard rendering and export functions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from configuration objects into SVG element creation and styling, with internal functions transforming parameters into SVG DOM elements, applying gradients, filters, and geometries. No external untrusted sources influence critical data flows.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns identified. The code utilizes randomness for ID generation but in a benign manner for unique identifiers. Shadow filter creation is standard SVG filter setup. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or reverse shell behavior detected. Usage of random numbers is solely for graphical randomness and not for security purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on creating complex SVG flower graphics with configurable parameters, using standard SVG DOM APIs. It includes methods for exporting SVG as string or image URL, with no external data fetched or sent. The random ID generation for element IDs is benign, intended to prevent conflicts. The shadow filter creation is a standard SVG technique, not a malware indicator. The event listener for zoom modifies the viewBox for user interaction without security implications. The overall code structure follows common graphics rendering patterns without any suspicious or malicious behavior. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution is present outside normal SVG operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation for generating customizable SVG flower graphics. It employs standard SVG and DOM APIs without any malicious behaviors such as data theft, network communication, or system modification. The random ID generation is for internal element uniqueness. No malware or security risks are identified based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}