{
  "purpose": "The code precompiles templates by processing include directives, reading files from the filesystem, and detecting circular dependencies to prevent infinite loops.",
  "sources": "File system access via ActiveXObject 'Scripting.FileSystemObject' and 'ADODB.Stream', reading file contents based on include paths.",
  "sinks": "File path resolution and file reading functions, which could be exploited if include paths are manipulated.",
  "flows": "Input include paths → formatPath and readFile functions → recursive _precompile calls processing include directives.",
  "anomalies": "Use of Windows-specific ActiveX components, environment-dependent, no obfuscation or network activity detected.",
  "analysis": "The code reads files using ActiveXObject, processes include directives recursively, and detects circular dependencies to prevent infinite loops. No malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration are present. The primary concern is the environment-specific use of ActiveX, which can be exploited if include paths are controlled by an attacker, especially due to lack of input sanitization. The code's purpose is legitimate, but in untrusted environments, it could be misused to access arbitrary files. No signs of malware or obfuscation are detected. The risk primarily stems from potential misuse rather than inherent malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward template precompiler with safeguards against circular includes. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. However, its reliance on ActiveXObject for filesystem access without input validation introduces a moderate security risk in untrusted environments. The current malware score is justified as 0; the obfuscated score is 0. The security risk score should be around 0.6 to reflect potential exploitation in insecure contexts. Overall, the code is safe in purpose but warrants caution due to environment-specific risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}