{
  "purpose": "A mathematical expression evaluator that compiles templates into functions and executes them within a controlled context.",
  "sources": "The 'compile' function from '@bignum/template-compiler' that processes template strings into executable functions.",
  "sinks": "Execution of compiled templates which may process untrusted input, potentially leading to code injection if 'compile' executes malicious code.",
  "flows": "Template string passed to 'compile' -> compilation into function -> execution with substitutions and context -> result returned.",
  "anomalies": "Dependence on external 'compile' function; no validation or sanitization shown; potential risk if 'compile' executes untrusted code.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard math functions and sets up a safe, configurable evaluation environment. The main operation involves compiling template strings into functions and executing them with provided context. No network, file, or external data access occurs. The only potential security concern is the 'compile' function, which could execute malicious code if given untrusted templates. All reports correctly identify the code as benign with no malware or obfuscation. The primary risk hinges on the trustworthiness of the 'compile' implementation. If 'compile' is from a trusted source and processes sanitized input, the security risk is minimal. If not, it could be exploited for code injection. Therefore, the malware score remains at 0, obfuscation at 0, and the security risk should be set around 0.2, reflecting cautious trust depending on the 'compile' function's security guarantees.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward, safe mathematical expression evaluator with no signs of malicious behavior or obfuscation. The main security consideration is the external 'compile' function, which could pose a risk if it executes untrusted templates. Assuming the 'compile' function is secure and input is sanitized, the overall security risk is low. Scores: malware=0, obfuscated=0, securityRisk=0.2.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}