{
  "purpose": "This code defines and registers a custom 'progress' component for the AFRAME framework, creating visual progress indicators with configurable properties.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the component schema (values, colors, type, etc.) which can be set externally via HTML attributes or JavaScript; it also depends on external modules ('./ui/Progress.js') and global objects (AFRAME).",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with the DOM via this.el.setObject3D and this.el.removeObject3D, which modify 3D scene objects. No untrusted data is sent over network or written to system files.",
  "flows": "External input (component schema values) affects creation and update of MV.Progress object, which generates 3D objects for rendering in the scene.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors observed. The code performs standard configuration and object registration. No obfuscation or malicious logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code begins by defining a namespace and requiring an external module. It checks for the existence of AFRAME before registering a new component, which is standard practice. The component schema includes various properties for configuring a visual progress indicator. The update method compares old and new data, and only updates the progress object if relevant properties change, which is efficient. It creates a new MV.Progress instance with parameters, and adds it to the scene. The remove method cleans up by removing the object. There are no indications of data leaks, malicious network activity, or malicious code execution. External dependencies are standard for this context, and no suspicious patterns are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of an AFRAME component for visual progress indicators, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It mainly manages scene objects and configuration data.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}