{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define and register a set of Vue.js components for UI elements such as cards, navigation bars, sidebars, loaders, and inputs. It is designed for frontend use and does not seem to include server-side or system-level operations.",
  "sources": "The code sources include imports of third-party libraries ('vue-currency-input', 'flatpickr') and internal component definitions. Data reads occur primarily through component props, data properties, and event handlers within Vue components. No external data input sources such as network requests or file reads are present.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve event emission and DOM manipulation within Vue components. The code also contains dynamic class and style bindings, but no insecure DOM or eval usage. No direct network communication or file system writes are present within this module.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props and data into template rendering and event handlers. User input is captured via input components ('MoneyInput', 'DateTimeInput') and emitted as events. No evidence of flow leading to data exfiltration or malicious system actions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated logic, or dynamic code execution, are detected. The code structure is typical for a Vue component library. No backdoors, system commands, or network calls are embedded.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of Vue.js component definitions, registration logic, and a plugin installation pattern. External dependencies are standard for frontend development. All data interactions are confined to component inputs, outputs, and DOM rendering. There are no network requests, file system operations, or system commands. The initial import statements are for UI libraries, not malicious code. The code uses standard Vue patterns and dynamic class/style bindings with no signs of obfuscation or malicious injection.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate Vue component library focused on UI elements, with no evidence of malicious behavior, supply chain attack, or security risks. It is safe to use from a security perspective. No malware, backdoors, or data leaks are evident within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}