{
  "purpose": "The code defines and exports a collection of Vue.js components for a UI library, including layout components (Card, NavBar, SideBar), form inputs (MoneyInput, DateTimeInput), loaders (BarLoader, PieLoader, TableLoader), and pagination components. Its purpose is to facilitate building web interfaces with pre-made, styled components.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from component props (e.g., logo URL, input values, configuration objects), DOM elements (event listeners for window resize, input events), and imported modules ('vue-currency-input', 'flatpickr', localization scripts). It also reads environment variables indirectly via window or global object references, though no specific environment variable access is shown.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with DOM elements, potentially injecting user input via props (e.g., value, config), event handling (emitting 'input', 'close-modal'), and dynamic class/style bindings. There are no indications of data being sent over the network, writing to system files, or executing code from untrusted sources.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props and internal state to DOM elements and event emitters; user inputs trigger events that update component state; configuration objects are used to initialize third-party libraries (flatpickr) with no external data streams. Event listeners respond to window resize and user interactions, emitting events back to parent components.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard Vue component library with extensive use of render functions, normal component normalization, and no obfuscated or minified code that suggests malicious intent. There are no hardcoded credentials, suspicious network calls, or hidden backdoors. The localization import ('flatpickr/dist/l10n/es.js') is standard and not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a set of Vue.js components for UI purposes, including form inputs, loaders, modals, navigation, and pagination. It imports well-known third-party libraries (vue-currency-input, flatpickr) for functionality, with no unsafe dynamic code execution or network activity observed. Event handlers and props are used appropriately. The code structure suggests a modular library designed for front-end use. No malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or sabotage mechanisms is evident. The only minor concern is that window or global references are used to detect Vue for auto-installation, but this is standard practice and not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Vue.js component library focused on UI elements. There are no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. The only potential issue could be reliance on external libraries, which should be verified separately for security, but the code itself is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}