{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a Vue.js component library for UI elements such as cards, navigation, modals, loaders, inputs, and pagination, intended for use in a web application.",
  "sources": "Reads include imported modules ('vue-currency-input', 'flatpickr', 'flatpickr/dist/l10n/es.js') and component props, data, and slots within the Vue components. No external data sources or untrusted input sources are explicitly read.",
  "sinks": "Render functions and event emitters for user interaction; no direct sinks for untrusted data or external network interactions are evident. The code uses props and event emission appropriately without data leaks or system commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and internal data to UI rendering and event emission; no dangerous source-to-sink data flows are present. Components communicate via standard Vue props and events without external side effects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code mostly consists of Vue component definitions, template render functions, and standard utility functions. No unusual code structures or dynamic code execution are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script defines multiple Vue components for UI elements, using typical component patterns and standard dependencies. The code includes functions for component normalization and rendering, but no signs of obfuscation or malicious logic. External dependencies are used for common functionality (currency input, date picker). The component code handles user interactions safely with event emission and props. No network connections, data exfiltration, or system commands are embedded. The structure and content are consistent with open-source Vue component libraries. The presence of multiple UI components, utility functions, and the plugin setup indicates standard, safe library code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Vue.js component library focused on UI elements, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It uses common dependencies and patterns without suspicious behavior or hidden malicious code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}