{
  "purpose": "This module constructs location labels based on a schema and record data, applying various filters and string manipulations to produce a formatted address or place name.",
  "sources": "Input parameters: 'record' and 'language'; external modules: 'lodash' and './getSchema'; data fields accessed within 'record' such as 'name', 'layer', 'source', 'country_a', and nested properties.",
  "sinks": "String concatenation and joining for label formation; use of external functions to retrieve schema; no direct untrusted data sinks like network or file system modifications.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'record' through schema-based value functions and label-building functions, resulting in a formatted string. User input (e.g., 'record' fields) influences label parts; schema dictates formatting and structure.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. The code employs typical string and array operations. No evidence of data exfiltration, network calls, or system manipulation. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation present. Comment references an unsupported feature, but it's benign and documented.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically constructs a label string from record data using schema-defined functions, with conditional logic to handle specific geographic cases (e.g., USA/Canada). It uses lodash utilities for array and string handling, and external schema functions for configuration. No signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data theft, or system compromise. The only minor note is a deprecated comment about support for 'geonames', which does not impact security. Overall, the code is standard data processing with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs safe label construction based on record data and schema. No malicious behaviors, backdoors, or security risks are evident. It appears to be a legitimate part of a geolocation or address labeling system.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}