{
  "purpose": "The code constructs location labels based on geospatial data, schemas, and record attributes, primarily for display or identification purposes.",
  "sources": "Data sources include the 'record' object properties such as 'layer', 'source', 'name', 'country_a', and other nested attributes within 'record'. The 'getSchema' function also influences behavior based on external schema configuration.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the returned string label. No direct data leaks or unsafe data handling are present. No code injection points or dangerous outputs are apparent.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'record' object properties into label-building functions, then concatenated into a string with a separator. No untrusted data is used in system commands, network calls, or sensitive operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward and does not contain hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or unusual constructs. The use of lodash is standard. No suspicious behavior or backdoors are evident. Comment indicates a deprecated dependency ('geonames'), but this is not malicious. No dynamic code execution or external network calls are present.",
  "analysis": "The code analyzes 'record' properties, such as 'layer', 'source', 'country_a', and 'name', to build a location label. It includes helper functions for categorization (e.g., isCountry, isRegion) and custom label construction based on schema-defined value functions. It uses lodash for utility functions and handles data carefully, avoiding dangerous operations. No data leakage, code injection, or malicious activities are detected. The only external dependency, 'getSchema', appears to fetch schema configurations and does not present security concerns. The code's logic is static and data-driven, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard location label builder with no indicators of malicious behavior or security risks. It processes input data to generate a label string securely. No malware, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious patterns are identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}