{
  "purpose": "This code is a webpack bundle primarily responsible for loading styles and React components. It includes style injection, React component definition, and CSS styling, likely for a user interface feature such as onboarding or tutorials.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from module imports (__webpack_require__, imported CSS, React), configuration props for React components, and DOM APIs for style injection.",
  "sinks": "Injection of CSS styles into DOM, React component rendering, and DOM manipulations for styles and components.",
  "flows": "The React component (Tour) receives props, manages internal state, renders UI elements, and interacts with DOM for styles. CSS injection functions handle style elements. Data flows from imported modules and component props to DOM and style elements.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network calls are evident. The code is standard for webpack-compiled React component with style-loader. No obfuscated code, no use of dynamic code execution, or unusual variables. The CSS includes styling rules for onboarding UI, no malicious patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a webpack bundle containing React component 'Tour' and associated style-loader code for injecting CSS into the DOM. It manages UI flow for onboarding steps, with functions to advance, finish, or close the tour. The style loader code dynamically injects styles, which is standard for webpack. No external network activity, code obfuscation, or suspicious logic is present. The overall structure is typical for a React-based UI feature, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate, standard webpack bundle for React UI components and styles. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks within this code. It functions as expected for UI rendering and style injection, with no suspicious or malicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}