{
  "purpose": "The code exports multiple modules and components related to a side navigation library, serving as a public API surface for external use.",
  "sources": "The source is the list of export statements at the top, which specify files and components being exposed. Additionally, the embedded source map is included as a base64 string.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are evident, as there are no data processing or untrusted data handling operations. The export statements are static and do not perform any runtime actions.",
  "flows": "There are no dynamic data flows or source-to-sink paths; the code solely declares exports without executing logic or data transfer.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of an inline source map encoded as a base64 string embedded directly in the code. This is unusual for production code, which typically references external source maps. The source map itself is not malicious but its inclusion in the code is atypical.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward set of export statements for various components and services in a JavaScript library. The only notable unusual aspect is the embedded source map as a base64 string, which is often used for debugging purposes. No code execution, data handling, or security-sensitive operations are present. The structure and content do not indicate malicious intent or malicious behavior. There are no hardcoded credentials, external network calls, or obfuscated/misleading code. The source map inclusion could be a build artifact or misconfiguration but does not constitute malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a public API export module for a side navigation library. It contains no malicious code or suspicious behaviors. The embedded source map is unusual but harmless and likely related to debugging or development. Overall, the package appears safe, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}