{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component named CellBody, which renders a div element with conditional class names based on props. Its primary purpose is to provide UI layout functionality within a React application.",
  "sources": "Data sources include props passed into the CellBody component: className, children, primary, and other props via 'others'. It also imports modules from 'react', 'prop-types', and utility functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks could be the rendering of the 'children' prop, which might contain untrusted JSX or content. The className prop could also be influenced by external input, affecting class attributes. However, no direct data leak, network communication, or unsafe execution occurs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props ('className', 'children', 'primary', 'others') into the component, affecting the rendered output. The 'children' prop flows directly into JSX, and className influences CSS classes applied. No external or untrusted data is processed insecurely.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. The use of Babel helpers and React conventions appears standard. The code performs typical UI rendering logic without obfuscation or dynamic code execution. All imported modules are standard dependencies.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard React and helper modules, defines a stateless functional component, and uses prop-types for validation. Class names are generated based on props, with no indications of malicious behavior. There is no network activity, data manipulation, or security-sensitive operations. The code structure and syntax are consistent with common React component patterns. No anomalies or suspicious constructs are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward React component responsible for rendering UI layout elements. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It uses standard libraries and patterns, and the logic is safe. Overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}