{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive QR code generation and styling library, including rendering on canvas and SVG, with various customization options for dots, corners, backgrounds, and gradients.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data for QR code generation, options for styling (colors, gradients, images, background), and external dependencies like 'qrcode-generator'.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs visual elements to canvas or SVG elements. It also creates and triggers download of generated images via data URLs or serialized SVG. No data leaks or external network connections are observed.",
  "flows": "Input data is processed through QR code generation, then styled and rendered onto DOM elements (canvas, SVG). Download functions create data URLs for images, which are then used in downloadURI to trigger file download. No external data transmission occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code structures. The code uses standard techniques for drawing graphics and handling images. No obfuscated or suspicious dynamic code execution, eval, or remote network calls. The presence of document manipulation and image loading is typical for visual rendering libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured QR code styling library that manages rendering via Canvas or SVG. It includes functions for merging options, sanitizing user input, generating gradients, loading images, and drawing complex shapes. All functionalities relate to QR code visual styling, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. No external network activity beyond image loading is detected, and download functions use data URLs for client-side file saving. No hidden or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate QR code styling library without malicious intent. It performs standard rendering, styling, and image export functions for QR codes, with no signs of malware or supply chain attacks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}