{
  "purpose": "This code provides QR code generation and styling capabilities, including rendering QR codes on canvas or SVG with various visual customizations, and supports exporting or downloading the generated images.",
  "sources": "User-supplied data for QR code content, options for styling (colors, gradients, images, background), and external image sources (via URLs in options).",
  "sinks": "Blob creation for exporting images, DOM manipulation for rendering canvases or SVG elements, creation and appending of images and SVG paths/rects to DOM, downloadURI function triggering file downloads.",
  "flows": "Input data (user input) -> QRCode generator adds data -> rendering functions create visual output (canvas/SVG) -> export functions generate downloadable files/blobs.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears well-structured, with no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. It uses standard APIs for image loading, DOM manipulation, and Blob creation. No suspicious network activity or obfuscation is evident. Gradient and color handling are typical styling features.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines QR code generation and rendering modules with support for SVG and Canvas outputs. It includes functions for merging options, sanitizing inputs, loading images, creating gradients, and rendering QR modules with different styles. No dynamic code execution, eval, or suspicious network activity is present. External image URLs are handled via standard Image object sources. Download functions use Blob and data URLs for exporting images. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or privacy leaks are detected. The code is modular, with safe usage of web APIs, and does not contain obfuscation or malware-like behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate QR code generation library with styling and export features. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It handles user data and images in a standard, safe manner. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious network activity are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}