{
  "purpose": "The code overrides Math.random() to produce predictable pseudo-random values for testing or simulation purposes, based on supplied predictions (numbers, arrays, or functions). It provides mechanisms to reset the random generator to its original state.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the prediction parameter in the predict() function, which can be a number, array, or function.",
  "sinks": "Math.random() calls are replaced with custom functions that output controlled values; no external data sinks are present. The code does not send data externally or modify files.",
  "flows": "Input predictions flow into setupNumber, setupArray, or setupFunction, which override Math.random(). These overridden functions produce predictable outputs and call forget() to restore original Math.random() when done.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically overrides Math.random(), which can be used to manipulate randomness in consuming code. It includes a function to restore Math.random(), but no external safeguards or validations are present to prevent misuse. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious data leaks are detected.",
  "analysis": "The module provides a controlled environment for predictable randomness by overriding Math.random() with custom implementations. It uses assertions to ensure values are within [0,1). The override is temporary and can be reset with forget(). There are no network calls, file modifications, or external data exfiltration. The purpose appears to be testing or simulation facilitation rather than malicious activity. The code does not contain obfuscation, malicious payloads, or suspicious external behaviors. The dynamic replacement of Math.random() could be misused if integrated into untrusted code, but this is context-dependent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is intended for controlled randomness in testing scenarios. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or malware signatures. No security risks are apparent beyond the potential misuse of overriding Math.random() if used maliciously in an untrusted environment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}