{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom prompt for a chatbot that displays menu items with pagination, recognizes user input, and formats messages with suggested actions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from 'context.message.text', session data ('session.dialogData', 'session.logger'), and 'options.items'. It also reads external modules ('../consts', '../resolveRoute', 'botbuilder').",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include 'cb' callbacks for recognized inputs, 'session.send' for error messages, and the construction of 'builder.Message' with suggested actions.",
  "flows": "Input text from user ('context.message.text') flows into recognition logic, which matches it against menu items. Recognized values or pagination commands modify dialog data. Message formatting uses the current page's items to create suggested actions.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically loads items and pagination controls without validating 'items' input strictly. 'resolveRoute' function usage could be a point of concern if it processes untrusted data. There is no explicit sanitization of 'items' or 'text'. No evident hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Use of 'session.logger.log' for logging errors could potentially leak information if logs are exposed, but not necessarily malicious. No network activity, reverse shells, or data exfiltration detected.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly handles menu display and user recognition within a chatbot context. It processes user input to match menu item titles and navigates through pages. The 'resolveRoute' function's behavior is unknown but appears to be a routing utility. No unsafe code patterns, code injection, or system manipulation are evident. No hardcoded secrets, malicious code, or suspicious behaviors found. The code could be vulnerable if 'items' are supplied externally without validation, but this is typical for menu implementations. Overall, the code is standard for a chatbot menu prompt with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical chatbot menu prompt implementation with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It processes user input, paginates items, and formats messages with suggested actions. No malware or security risks are evident based on the provided code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}