{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom menu prompt for a chatbot using the 'botbuilder' library, enabling paginated menu navigation and recognition of user selections.",
  "sources": "Reads user message text (context.message.text), session dialog data (session.dialogData), options provided to the prompt, and external modules ('../consts', '../resolveRoute', 'botbuilder').",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable if user input is used unsanitized in external functions or network calls, but primarily processes and displays data internally; no direct data sinks identified.",
  "flows": "User message text is recognized to select menu items; menu items are generated and paginated; user navigation commands and selections flow from input to recognition logic, but no external data leaks or malicious network activity are apparent.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code observed. Functions such as 'resolveRoute' are external; their security depends on external implementation. No suspicious code patterns like obfuscated code or dynamic execution detected. No evident attempts to access or transmit sensitive data. Some variable naming and control flow appear typical for menu pagination.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a menu prompt with pagination, recognizing user selections based on message text and handling navigation via 'prev' and 'next' actions. It prepares menu items by transforming input objects into display options, using 'resolveRoute' for URL/path resolution. The recognition callback matches user input to menu items, updating page state accordingly. Message formatting creates suggested actions for user interaction. No external data is fetched or transmitted; the code mainly manages internal state and user interface elements. External modules ('resolveRoute') could be examined further for malicious behavior, but within this file, no malicious intent or suspicious activity is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to implement a standard, paginated menu prompt for a chatbot with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It handles user input and menu presentation securely within its scope. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or data leaks are detected. The security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}