{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to interact with an external captcha-solving service, submitting captcha requests and polling for answers.",
  "sources": "User-provided parameters such as 'captchaParams' (containing method, sitekey, pageurl, proxy, etc.), and 'api' configuration (containing API keys, endpoints, polling interval).",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests made via 'request-promise' library functions ('request.get' and 'request.post') with URLs constructed from input parameters. Potentially, untrusted input directly influences request URLs and request bodies.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to construct request URLs and payloads, which are sent via HTTP POST or GET to external captcha service. The responses are processed and returned to the caller. No data is transmitted to or from untrusted sources outside the provided parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials other than 'soft_id' set to '2935'. The code appends input parameters directly into URLs without sanitization, which could potentially lead to injection if external parameters are maliciously crafted. Logging of responses is present but not malicious in itself. No obfuscated or minified code. No suspicious network connections or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard construction of request URLs and bodies for a captcha-solving API, with polling logic for asynchronous response retrieval. The 'submitCaptchaV2' function dynamically builds request URLs based on provided parameters, which could be manipulated, but this is expected for such an API client. The polling function repeatedly queries the API for the result. No suspicious code or malware behaviors such as data exfiltration, system modification, or covert communications are evident. Logging occurs but is benign. No hardcoded secrets beyond a static 'soft_id'. The code relies on external API endpoints and keys provided at runtime, which is normal for such modules.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate client implementation for an external captcha-solving API, with no evidence of malicious intent or malware. It performs expected tasks: submitting captcha requests and polling for responses, with no suspicious behaviors observed. The main concern is the lack of input sanitization, which is typical in API wrappers but not inherently malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}