{
  "purpose": "The code implements mathematical functions for interval arithmetic, big decimal and float calculations, and expression evaluation, primarily for mathematical and scientific computations.",
  "sources": "Input data originates from imported modules (Expression, primeFactor, BigDecimal, BigFloat), external expressions, and function parameters such as 'expression' and 'rounding'. No external data sources are directly read within this code.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include conversion functions that output strings (toDecimalStringInternal, complexToString), and the final return of formatted decimal strings. These are not inherently risky, but if the input expressions are malicious, they could cause resource exhaustion or misrepresentations.",
  "flows": "Input expressions are evaluated via evaluateExpression, which traverses Expression objects and performs interval and decimal computations. Results are formatted into strings for output. There are no network or system calls involved, and data flows are contained within mathematical computation contexts.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. Usage of comments referencing TODOs, debugger statements, and assertions suggests incomplete or debugging code, but not malicious intent. The code performs complex mathematical operations without evident malicious side-effects.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of interval and big number arithmetic, expression evaluation, and formatting functions. It carefully manages rounding, interval bounds, and mathematical functions, indicating a focus on precision and correctness. No indications of external data exfiltration, system manipulation, or network activity are present. The presence of debugging statements (e.g., 'debugger;') and assertions suggests developmental state rather than malicious intent. The functions process mathematical expressions securely, with no evidence of sabotage, backdoors, or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a mathematical library for precise interval and decimal calculations, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The structure and content are consistent with scientific computation purposes. While debugging artifacts are present, they do not imply malicious intent. Overall, the code is safe with respect to supply chain security and malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}