{
  "purpose": "This code provides mathematical functions and interval arithmetic operations, including interval-based evaluation of expressions and formatting to decimal strings, primarily for symbolic or high-precision computations involving complex numbers and mathematical constants.",
  "sources": "Data is read from imported modules ('Expression.js', 'primeFactor.js', '@yaffle/bigdecimal/BigDecimal.js'), as well as within functions evaluating expressions, extracting numerator/denominator from complex expressions, and reading configuration for rounding and precision.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows occur when evaluating and converting expressions, especially in functions like 'toDecimalStringInternal' that generate string representations, or when reading configuration objects for rounding/precision, which influence formatting but do not directly affect system state.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data flows from expression evaluation ('evaluateExpression') through interval calculations ('Interval' methods), culminating in string formatting ('toDecimalStringInternal'), where numeric results are converted to string output based on rounding and precision configurations.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs complex mathematical evaluations and interval computations but does not include obvious malicious behaviors such as network requests, file system access, or data exfiltration. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. There are commented-out sections and placeholder comments indicating potential future features or fixes. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution is present. The only notable anomaly is the commented-out 'fromInteger' method, which is not invoked or harmful. The code handles complex numbers and high-precision arithmetic carefully, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code implements high-precision arithmetic and interval evaluations for mathematical expressions, including complex numbers and functions like sine, cosine, logarithm, and exponential. It includes functions for interval arithmetic and string formatting with configurable rounding and significant digits. The 'evaluateExpression' function processes various expression types securely without executing external or system commands. No network operations or file I/O are present. The use of imported modules appears standard, and there are no signs of hidden backdoors or malicious code injections. Overall, the code appears to serve a computational purpose with appropriate data handling, and there are no suspicious activities or malicious behaviors detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a complex mathematical library for high-precision and interval computations, with careful handling of data flow and formatting. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. The code is intended for symbolic and numeric evaluation with secure data processing, and it appears safe in its current form.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}