{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to dynamically generate and display color maps on HTML canvas elements based on data imported from an external module.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the imported module './js-colormaps', specifically the 'data' object. It also reads DOM elements via getElementById and iterates over the 'data' object properties.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to DOM elements (innerHTML) and manipulates canvas drawing contexts (fillStyle and fillRect). It does not write to external files or network, nor executes system commands.",
  "flows": "Data from the imported module flows into the DOM through innerHTML injection and into canvas rendering via the plot_colormap function, which uses evaluate_cmap to generate color values.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code. The evaluate_cmap function's behavior is imported and not detailed here, so potential malicious behavior depends on that implementation. The code dynamically adds DOM elements and renders colormaps but does not execute untrusted code or perform external network operations.",
  "analysis": "The script imports color map evaluation functions and data, then dynamically generates HTML table rows with canvases for each colormap. It populates the page with these canvases, then plots color gradients on them using evaluate_cmap. The code involves DOM manipulation and drawing on canvases. There are no signs of code injection, data leaks, or malicious network activity. The external evaluate_cmap function's security depends on its implementation, which is not provided, but the current code only utilizes it for color computation. No suspicious file operations, environment variable usage, or external requests are present. All operations appear intended for visualization purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of dynamic colormap visualization, with no evident malicious intent or security risks based on the provided fragment. The overall security risk score is low, assuming evaluate_cmap is safe. No malware indicators are observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}