{
  "purpose": "The code provides classes and functions to facilitate interaction with Aramex's shipping and tracking services, including shipment creation and tracking functionalities.",
  "sources": "Reads static configuration data such as API credentials, user input via class constructors, and parameters passed to functions for shipment details.",
  "sinks": "Uses the soap client to send API requests with prepared data; specifically, the dispatch method sends data to external SOAP endpoints.",
  "flows": "User or system initializes client info and shipment details, which flow into the normalize functions, then are sent via the dispatch method to external services.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets other than test account credentials. The code includes standard API interaction patterns. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are detected. Moment.js is invoked but used only for formatting dates. No dynamic code execution or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes to set up shipment data and credentials, and methods to communicate with external Aramex web services via SOAP. Credentials are hardcoded for testing, which is acceptable in a development context but risky in production. The API credentials include username and password, which are used to authenticate requests. Data flow involves preparing shipment information and then invoking SOAP calls to create or track shipments. There are no indications of data leakage, malicious network activity, or backdoors. The code relies on external dependencies (like 'strong-soap') but uses them normally. No obfuscated code, malware, or malicious patterns are found.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard integration module for Aramex shipping services, with no malicious intent detected. Hardcoded credentials should be replaced in production for security. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage indicators are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}