{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for processing images and videos, including compression, conversion, and thumbnail generation, and includes a class for managing file uploads with drag-and-drop and file selection functionalities.",
  "sources": "Reads include FileReader for reading files, document.createElement for dynamic script and element creation, and input element for file selection. External dependencies are loaded via dynamic script injection.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the creation of Blob and File objects from base64 data, script injection via dynamic script tags, and the use of external URLs for script loading. No untrusted data directly affects sensitive system components.",
  "flows": "Untrusted file data flows from user input through reading, optional compression, and conversion functions into Blob/File objects. External script loading flows from dynamic script injection to potential remote code execution.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic script injection to load external scripts from a CDN (https://testingcf.jsdelivr.net/npm/exifr/dist/lite.umd.js), which could pose risks if the external source is compromised. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors identified. The code appears obfuscated with minified helper functions but maintains standard structure.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles image/video file processing, with functions for reading files, extracting video thumbnails, compressing images, and converting data URLs to Blob/File objects. The class manages file uploads with drag-and-drop and input selection, ensuring file type and size restrictions. External script loading via dynamic injection from a CDN is a potential security concern if the CDN is compromised or malicious. No evidence of data exfiltration, network communication beyond script loading, or malicious behavior such as system modification, backdoors, or cryptomining is present. Usage of helper functions from Babel helpers and core-js indicates standard transpilation and polyfills, not malicious obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs expected file processing and upload management functions with a potential security concern around loading external scripts from a CDN. No malicious code or backdoors are detected. The external script loading should be reviewed for integrity and trustworthiness, but overall, the code appears safe and consistent with typical file handling libraries.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 1
}