{
  "purpose": "Defines a JavaScript constructor function 'AnyNumber' that creates new instances linked to an imported 'prototype' object, and exports it as the default module export.",
  "sources": "The code reads the imported './prototype.js' module and the 'expression' argument passed to 'AnyNumber' when invoked.",
  "sinks": "There are no obvious sinks in this snippet that lead to data leakage or malicious actions directly. However, the 'expression' argument passed to 'AnyNumber' could be a source of untrusted data if used improperly elsewhere.",
  "flows": "Input 'expression' flows into 'AnyNumber' constructor, which creates an object via 'new AnyNumber.prototype.init(expression)'. The 'init' method is expected to be a constructor function defined on 'prototype', which likely handles the 'expression' data.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses a common pattern for creating instances with a custom 'init' method, which could obscure behavior if 'init' or 'prototype' contains malicious code. The code is minimal, but it relies heavily on the imported 'prototype' for core behavior. No explicit anomalies are visible here, but the structure is somewhat obfuscated without knowing the content of './prototype.js'.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a 'prototype' object and sets up a constructor function 'AnyNumber' that returns a new object created by 'prototype.init' with the given 'expression'. It links the prototype chain by assigning 'AnyNumber.prototype' to 'prototype', and sets 'prototype.init.prototype' to 'prototype', enabling instances created via 'init' to inherit from 'prototype'. The design pattern resembles a classical constructor pattern, possibly for a library involving numeric expressions or similar. There are no direct malicious actions in this snippet; however, the actual behavior depends entirely on the imported 'prototype'. If 'prototype' or 'init' contains malicious code, it could be exploited. No hardcoded secrets, network activity, or dangerous code are present in this snippet.",
  "conclusion": "This code primarily sets up a constructor pattern with a linked prototype chain, relying on an external 'prototype' module. Based on this snippet alone, there is no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. However, the security assessment depends on the content of the imported 'prototype.js'. If 'prototype' is safe and well-implemented, the code is benign. If 'prototype' contains malicious code, this module could be used as part of a malicious package.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}