{
  "purpose": "The code appears to perform basic arithmetic operations and utilizes a custom library 'number-operator' for extended number operations, likely to handle precise calculations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the hardcoded numeric literals within the console.log statements, as well as from the required './index.js' module.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs data to the console; no untrusted data is written to external systems, files, or network locations.",
  "flows": "The source inputs (numeric literals) are used directly in calculations and output to console, with no flow into external systems or data stores.",
  "anomalies": "The code references a library 'number-operator' which is commented out; without additional context, this could indicate optional extended functionality. The require('./index.js') statement suggests dependency inclusion but provides no evidence of malicious code. Usage of custom methods like '_plus_', '_minus_' etc. indicates extension or custom implementation, but no malicious behavior is evident from this snippet alone.",
  "analysis": "The code starts by requiring a local module './index.js', which could potentially contain malicious code, but no further details are provided. The arithmetic operations are straightforward, using both standard operators and custom methods, likely from the imported library. The custom methods suggest an extension for precise or additional arithmetic functionalities, but they do not perform any harmful actions. All console outputs are standard arithmetic results. There are no indications of data leaks, network activity, or code injection. The commented import 'number-operator' hints at optional enhanced number operations, but its absence does not imply malicious intent. Overall, the code is benign, focusing on arithmetic computations without external data handling or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code performs basic arithmetic operations, including custom method usage for number calculations, without any evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. The require statement and commented import do not indicate malicious activity. The code is safe and appears to be a straightforward implementation of arithmetic demonstrations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}