{
  "purpose": "The code extends the Mapbox Draw library to customize direct selection and movement behaviors for map features, specifically handling circle and other geometries with custom logic.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from map feature properties (e.g., feature properties such as 'isCircle', 'center', 'radiusInKm'), and user interaction events (e.g., e.lngLat). It also imports functions from external libraries like '@turf/distance' and '@mapbox/mapbox-gl-draw'.",
  "sinks": "The code updates feature coordinates via feature.updateCoordinate and incomingCoords, and modifies feature properties. It calls external functions to generate supplementary points. No data is sent over network or written to files.",
  "flows": "User interaction events (dragging features or vertices) generate coordinate changes. These changes update feature properties (center, radius) or feature coordinates. The functions create or modify feature geometries based on input, with no external communication or data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors. The code performs standard map feature manipulations, including moving features and calculating circle radii. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious data handling observed. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The code modifies map features during user interactions, handling movement and drawing of circles and other geometries. It calculates distances, updates feature coordinates, and generates supplementary points for display. All operations are consistent with map editing functionality. No signs of malicious intent or malware, such as data theft, network communication, or system manipulation. The code uses external libraries appropriately for geospatial calculations. There are no suspicious data flows or anomalous patterns.",
  "conclusion": "This code implements custom behavior for map feature editing with no indications of malicious activity. It appears to be a legitimate extension for Mapbox GL Draw, focused solely on feature manipulation. No malware or security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}