{
  "purpose": "Set up a Node.js server with WebSocket communication, environmental variable configuration, and third-party integrations for real-time peer communication and media handling.",
  "sources": "Environmental variables via 'dotenv' (process.env), user input through WebSocket 'join' event, socket IDs and user data, request parameters for Twilio API calls.",
  "sinks": "Twilio API token creation, socket.io message forwarding, server listening, static file serving.",
  "flows": "Environmental variables are used for Twilio credentials; client data is read via WebSocket events; API calls to Twilio API (token creation) use credentials from env; socket messages are relayed between clients based on socket IDs.",
  "anomalies": "Use of environment variables for credentials is standard; no hardcoded secrets. The code does not perform any malicious actions like data exfiltration, system modification, or hidden network connections. No suspicious or obfuscated code present; no code injection or code execution mechanisms detected.",
  "analysis": "The code loads environmental variables securely with 'dotenv'. It establishes WebSocket communication with socket.io, manages user connections and rooms, and interacts with Twilio API for ICE server tokens. The API credentials are stored in environment variables, which is a secure practice. The server exposes static assets and runs on port 8080. No suspicious data leaks, malicious network activity, or backdoors are evident. The code appears to be a typical signaling server setup for WebRTC applications. No anomalies or malware signals detected. Overall, the implementation is standard, with proper separation of concerns and no malicious intent observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard signaling server setup for WebRTC with integration to Twilio for ICE server tokens. It handles user connections and message relaying securely without any suspicious or malicious behavior. No security risks or malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}