{
  "purpose": "Utility module for filesystem and process management in testing environments, providing functions for path resolution, directory handling, process checks, and object extension.",
  "sources": "Reads from 'fs', 'path', and 'wrench' modules; accesses module.filename for directory paths; uses process.kill for process checks.",
  "sinks": "process.kill for process liveness; fs.mkdirSync and fs.existsSync for directory management; path.join for path resolution.",
  "flows": "No external untrusted data flows into sensitive functions; internal data and module constants are used exclusively.",
  "anomalies": "Use of deprecated modules ('path.existsSync', 'path.exists', 'wrench'); directory mode set to '755' which could be insecure outside testing contexts.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward utility module with functions for path resolution, directory creation/removal, process liveness checks, and object extension. It relies on deprecated modules, which is a maintenance concern but not malicious. No external input processing or network activity is present. No obfuscation or malicious code patterns are detected. The functions perform standard filesystem and process management tasks typical in test setups. The use of 'wrench' and deprecated 'path.existsSync' are noted but do not indicate malicious intent. The directory mode '755' is standard for test environments but could be insecure if misused. Overall, the code is benign, with a low security risk primarily due to outdated modules.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility module intended for testing environment setup and management. It does not contain malware, obfuscation, or malicious behavior. The main concern is the use of deprecated modules, which should be updated for future maintainability but do not impact security. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is approximately 0.2, reflecting minimal risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}