{
  "purpose": "This code provides precise arithmetic operations for addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division on floating-point numbers, ensuring accuracy and preventing common floating-point errors in JavaScript.",
  "sources": "The code reads input numbers 'a' and 'b' in the operation functions, as well as optional 'digits' parameter for precision control.",
  "sinks": "The functions return computed numerical results; no direct data leaks or sensitive data handling are present.",
  "flows": "Input numbers from function parameters are processed through conversion functions (toInteger), then used in arithmetic operations, and finally returned as strings or numbers with fixed precision.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns detected. The code does not include hardcoded credentials, network requests, or backdoors. The regex validation for 'digits' is overly simplistic but benign. The functions are standard for precise arithmetic; no obfuscated or unusual code features.",
  "analysis": "The code accurately implements precise floating-point arithmetic by converting floating numbers to integers based on decimal places, performing operations, and then converting back. It includes standard validation for 'digits' parameter. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data leakage, or suspicious side effects. The functions are self-contained, do not perform external communications or system modifications. No obfuscated code or malware patterns observed. The code appears to be a utility library for precise calculations.\n\nPotential minor concern: the 'digits' parameter validation uses a regex that may not accept zero or negative values properly, but this is benign and unrelated to security. No dangerous or malicious activities detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility for precise floating-point arithmetic with no indications of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It operates locally without external communication or security risks. It is safe for use from a security standpoint.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}