{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom Leaflet map control for displaying and interacting with geographic coordinates, including user input, marker placement, and coordinate formatting.",
  "sources": "Reads map events (mousemove, dragstart), user input fields (keyup), and options settings for display and behavior.",
  "sinks": "Updates DOM elements with coordinate data, modifies map view and marker layers, creates and removes markers, and handles user input submission.",
  "flows": "Mousemove events provide latlng data as sources, which update label and input fields; user input can trigger marker creation and map centering; UI toggles control visibility of coordinate labels and input fields.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external connections; code functions are standard for map controls. No obfuscated code or malicious behavior observed. No data leakage or privacy violations are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement a standard coordinate display and input control for a Leaflet map. It creates DOM elements, binds event handlers for map interactions and user inputs, and manages markers based on user-supplied coordinates. The logic for formatting coordinates, toggling UI, and updating markers is consistent with expected map control behavior. There are no signs of malicious code such as network communications, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The use of options allows customization without introducing security issues. The code structure and functions are typical for map UI controls, and there is no obfuscated or suspicious code segment. Overall, this appears to be a benign, standard implementation of coordinate control.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign Leaflet coordinate control implementation with no malicious intent or security risks detected. It securely handles user input, updates map markers, and formats coordinates as intended. No security threats or malicious behaviors are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}