{
  "purpose": "This module provides utility functions for BigNumber arithmetic, including comparison, multiplication, division, decimal conversion, and absolute difference calculations, likely for use in financial or blockchain-related computations.",
  "sources": "None of the code reads external input or data; it operates solely on input parameters provided to functions.",
  "sinks": "The functions output BigNumber objects but do not perform actions that directly leak data or cause side effects. No untrusted data is passed into functions, and there are no network calls or external data transmissions.",
  "flows": "Input BigNumber parameters flow through arithmetic operations within the functions. There are no source-to-sink data flows that involve untrusted sources or external communication.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward, utilizing standard BigNumber operations and utility functions from well-known libraries. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. Rounding is handled using standard mathematical techniques, not obfuscation or deception.",
  "analysis": "The code is a utility library for BigNumber arithmetic, employing standard mathematical operations, including comparison, multiplication, division, and decimal conversions. It uses well-known libraries ('ethers' and '@ethersproject/bignumber') for reliable big number handling. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors. All functions perform typical arithmetic calculations relevant to financial computations. No obfuscated code or suspicious constructs are present. The absence of external I/O and the usage of trusted libraries suggest a low security risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility library for handling big number calculations in blockchain or financial contexts. It contains no malicious or suspicious elements and poses minimal security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}