{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom reporter for the Jasmine testing framework, intended to format and output test results with colored text in the console.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'runner' object, specifically from 'runner.results()', 'runner.specs()', and within each spec's results via 'results.getItems()'. It accesses properties like 'failedCount', 'type', 'message', 'trace', and 'spec.getFullName()'.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted data from test results (such as messages or trace stacks) are output directly to the console, which could be exploited for information disclosure in some environments.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'runner' and 'spec' objects into formatted console output. Specifically, test failure details, messages, and stack traces flow from the 'results' and 'items' into console logs, potentially exposing internal test or code details.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. The code uses simple string formatting with color escape sequences and standard Jasmine test result processing. It does not execute untrusted code or external requests.",
  "analysis": "The code defines color functions for console output and creates a custom Jasmine reporter that summarizes test results. It accesses test results and failure messages, then outputs formatted logs with potential failure details and stack traces. The code does not perform network operations, file access, or any suspicious activities. It operates solely within the context of formatting and outputting test results. The use of color escape sequences is standard for console formatting. No malicious behavior or malicious intent is apparent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign custom reporter for Jasmine tests, used to enhance test result readability in the console. It does not contain malware or security risks. It may expose some internal test details via logs but does not perform harmful actions. Overall, it is safe and typical for test reporting purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}