{
  "purpose": "The code primarily serves as an index module that re-exports various functions, types, and constants from different internal modules related to particle systems, behaviors, spawn shapes, and utilities, facilitating their use elsewhere.",
  "sources": "Requires external modules from './core/', './typeguards', './utils/easing/' and './core/spawn-shapes/', which are standard for modular JavaScript projects. No direct user input or external data sources are read within this code.",
  "sinks": "No sinks that handle untrusted data, network requests, or system modifications are present in this code snippet. It only exposes imported modules and constants.",
  "flows": "This code does not implement any data flow logic. It solely re-exports imported functionalities, so there are no source-to-sink data flows to analyze.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code patterns are present. All statements are straightforward re-exports, and no dynamic code execution, eval, or obfuscated constructs are detected. The code adheres to common module export patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code imports various modules and re-exports specific functions and constants, acting as a central index for a larger codebase. It does not perform any computation, data processing, or side-effects. The code structure appears clean, with no obfuscated or malicious code constructs. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, system modification, or hidden backdoors. The use of 'require' and 'Object.defineProperty' for exports is standard in CommonJS modules. Since the code is purely re-exporting symbols without any dynamic or external operations, the likelihood of malicious intent is very low.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard module aggregator that re-exports functionalities from various internal modules. There are no signs of malicious behavior, security risks, or obfuscation. It appears to be a safe, typical component of a modular JavaScript codebase.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}