{
  "purpose": "This code provides a test suite for the bcrypt module, verifying its cryptographic functions such as salt generation, hashing, and comparison. It is intended for unit testing the bcrypt library's promise-based API.",
  "sources": "Input data includes test inputs such as passwords, salts, and hash strings. Data is read from function arguments, hardcoded test strings, and internally generated salts.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if test inputs or results are exposed externally, but there are no direct sinks for untrusted data causing security harm. The code does not perform network operations or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Input data (passwords, salts, hashes) flows through cryptographic functions, with results checked via assertions. No untrusted data flows into insecure sinks; the data is used solely for testing purposes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code's focus is on testing bcrypt functions. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are present. The promise implementation override for testing purposes is controlled and reverted properly.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured test suite verifying the bcrypt library's promise-based cryptographic functions, including salt generation, hashing, and comparison. It tests for proper input validation, salt formatting, and error handling. No code performs network operations, system modifications, or secret exfiltration. The code does not contain obfuscation or malicious behavior. The promise override functions are controlled, only used for testing, and reset afterward. Overall, the code appears to be standard testing code without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive test suite for bcrypt's promise-based API, with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It solely performs validation of cryptographic functions in a controlled environment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}