{
  "purpose": "This code wraps system command execution using NSTask, resolving paths via 'which' if necessary, and handles output streams with optional logging. It performs path expansion and executes commands, potentially with untrusted inputs.",
  "sources": "opts.file, opts.args, opts.envPairs, options.cwd, opts.stdio, _command, _args, _options",
  "sinks": "NSTask.setLaunchPath, NSTask.arguments, NSTask.environment, task.launch(), handleData processing outputs",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> path resolution and command construction -> NSTask execution -> output handling -> handleData processing",
  "anomalies": "Recursive calls to spawnSync for path resolution, use of 'which' command concatenated with unvalidated opts.file, potential lack of input sanitization, no explicit validation of inputs before command execution",
  "analysis": "The code executes system commands with potential path resolution via 'which' using untrusted input, which can lead to command injection if inputs are malicious. The recursive spawnSync calls for path resolution could cause infinite loops or stability issues if exploited. Output streams are captured and processed, but sensitive data could be leaked if commands output secrets. No malware signatures or malicious payloads are evident; the code is a standard subprocess wrapper with some security risks due to unvalidated inputs. The use of string concatenation in shell commands without sanitization is a notable vulnerability. The overall structure is straightforward, with no obfuscation detected. The main security concern is command injection potential, especially if external inputs are not sanitized before use.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical subprocess wrapper with no malware or obfuscation. The primary security risk stems from unvalidated inputs leading to command injection, especially via the use of 'which' and dynamic command execution. Proper input validation and sanitization are recommended to mitigate these risks. The recursive path resolution could be optimized or safeguarded against infinite loops. Overall, the code is not malicious but could be exploited if inputs are maliciously crafted.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}