{
  "purpose": "This code provides a wrapper around NSTask to spawn and manage subprocesses, resolving commands if needed, and capturing their output and errors.",
  "sources": "Input sources include function parameters (_command, _args, _options), environment variables, and user-supplied options such as cwd and envPairs.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include spawning system commands, reading process output, and logging output via console.log and console.error.",
  "flows": "Command resolution via 'which' leads to spawning processes; data from stdout and stderr pipes flows into handleData and console logs; environment variables and working directory are set before launching.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically resolves commands using 'which' without validation, and directly executes commands possibly based on user input. Use of 'console.log' and 'console.error' for process output could be exploited to exfiltrate data if an attacker controls the input or environment. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obfuscation or hidden code features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code resolves executable paths if the command is relative or not absolute, potentially allowing execution of arbitrary commands if user input influences _command or _args. It spawns processes using NSTask with user-supplied options, capturing output streams and logging them. While the command resolution step can be manipulated, it relies on the system 'which' command, which is standard. No suspicious or malicious payloads are embedded within the code. No data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. Logging output can be used to leak data if malicious input is provided, but this is more a feature than malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a typical subprocess wrapper with no clear malware or malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard subprocess execution wrapper that resolves commands and manages process I/O. It does not contain malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. Potential security considerations include validating user input for commands and environment variables to prevent injection, but no explicit malicious intent is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}