{
  "purpose": "This code provides React components for a custom interactive UI element, including draggable thumbs, labels, and a container with coordinate tracking. It is primarily for visual interaction within a web application.",
  "sources": "Reads user interactions such as clicks, key presses, and drag movements; accesses shared state for dimensions and coordinates.",
  "sinks": "Updates internal state based on user input; triggers onChange callbacks with coordinate data; modifies DOM styles for visual updates.",
  "flows": "User events (clicks, drags, key presses) flow through event handlers, updating shared store state for coordinates and dimensions, which then reflect in component styles and behavior.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors observed. Use of widely known libraries (React, Zustand, remeda) appears standard. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or external network requests are detected. No unusual or hidden behaviors identified.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React-based UI component set that manages state via context and Zustand store. It handles user interactions such as clicking, dragging, and keyboard arrow key presses to update coordinate values. The implementation uses common React hooks, gesture handling, and resize observation for layout. The style manipulations and event handling are consistent with standard practices for interactive components. No evidence of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, network connections, or code injection, is present. All dependencies are open-source libraries with known security profiles, and there are no signs of obfuscation or malicious code injection.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a standard React component implementation for an interactive coordinate selector. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious anomalies, and no security risks. It is safe for use in a production environment based on this review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}