{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React-based UI component library for a draggable thumb, labels, and a container with click tracking, primarily for positioning elements within a grid or coordinate system.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from user interactions such as clicks, keyboard events, and drag gestures. It also reads the context store for width, height, and coordinates, and the component props for initial values and styles.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting coordinates via store functions and triggering onChange callbacks, but these are standard for such interactive components. No unsafe data handling or external network actions are observed.",
  "flows": "Input from click events, drag gestures, and keyboard events flows into the store via setCoords, which updates the coordinates. Changes in store state can trigger onChange callbacks to external handlers.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscated code, or hard-coded secrets are present. The code relies on well-known React hooks and libraries like react, zustand, remeda, and react/jsx-runtime without unusual dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The code defines React components for a draggable thumb, label positioning, and a container that tracks clicks and resize events. The store manages width, height, and coordinates with constraints. User inputs (clicks, drag, keyboard) update store state, which in turn updates component positions. No external network calls, no data leaks, and no code injection are evident. The code structure is standard React and state management patterns with no suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a benign React component library for interactive UI elements. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, data theft, or suspicious external interactions. It is a typical implementation of coordinate-based UI controls with no security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}