{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Bernoulli distribution class with various statistical properties and methods, allowing users to instantiate objects representing Bernoulli distributions with a specified success probability.",
  "sources": "Code reads input parameters for 'p' during instantiation; 'p' is validated to be a probability. It also reads distribution parameters to compute properties and functions (e.g., cdf, pmf, entropy, kurtosis, etc.). No external data sources or untrusted input streams are used outside provided parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write to external files, send data over the network, or invoke any system commands. The only potential concern could be the format string in error messages, but this is standard for error handling and does not pose security risks.",
  "flows": "Input 'p' (distribution parameter) flows from constructor or property setter to distribution property. Distribution functions (e.g., cdf, pmf, mgf) use 'p' internally, with no external data involved. No data is transmitted externally or used insecurely.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. The code employs standard libraries for statistical calculations and property definitions. No obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic code execution, or misleading variables are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a Bernoulli distribution class with getter properties and distribution functions. It uses standard validation for the parameter 'p'. There are no signs of malicious activity such as network connections, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. Error messages are formatted strings for validation errors, which are safe. The property definitions and method implementations are typical for such a library. No suspicious external dependencies are invoked beyond standard statistical functions. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate statistical module without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a Bernoulli distribution class with no evidence of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It safely encapsulates distribution properties and functions without any malicious side effects. No external or hidden malicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}