{
  "purpose": "Implementation of a Bernoulli distribution class with statistical methods and properties, intended for probabilistic calculations and analysis.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user-provided probability 'p' (via constructor or setter). Data is read from the 'p' property and function parameters such as 'x', 'p', and 't'. The code also requires external modules for calculations.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted input is assigned to 'p' without validation, but the code checks for probability validity. No direct sinks for data exfiltration or system manipulation are present.",
  "flows": "Input 'p' flows from constructor/setter to internal variable. Functions such as bernoulliCDF, bernoulliMGF, bernoulliPMF, and bernoulliQuantile use 'this.p' as an untrusted input for calculations. No external data or network calls are made.",
  "anomalies": "Code is standard, uses well-known statistical computations, and includes proper validation for probability inputs. No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors detected. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or hidden logic.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Bernoulli distribution class with methods for calculating entropy, kurtosis, mean, median, mode, skewness, stdev, variance, and distribution functions (CDF, MGF, PMF, quantile). It performs input validation for 'p' ensuring it is a probability, with getter and setter enforcing this. External modules are used for statistical calculations, which are standard. No network activity, data exfiltration, or system modifications are present. The code structure is typical for a statistical distribution class, with no signs of malicious intent or malicious code snippets.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of a Bernoulli distribution class, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It correctly validates inputs and uses common modules for calculations. There are no suspicious behaviors or security risks detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}