{
  "purpose": "This code defines a PostCSS plugin that transforms CSS rules containing 'logical' transform functions to support right-to-left (RTL) and left-to-right (LTR) directions by generating additional rules with adjusted selectors and transform values.",
  "sources": "The code reads CSS rule declarations, specifically 'transform' properties, and parses their values using 'postcss-values-parser'. It also reads rule selectors to determine whether directional variants need to be created.",
  "sinks": "The code writes new CSS rules with modified selectors and 'transform' properties, including cloning and removing existing rules. No external untrusted input is directly written or sent over the network.",
  "flows": "Input CSS rules with 'transform' containing 'logical' keyword -> parse 'transform' values -> modify or generate directional rules with adjusted 'transform' values -> insert new rules after original.",
  "anomalies": "The code processes 'matrix' functions in 'transform' and explicitly errors on 'matrix()' when 'logical' keyword is used, which may be a safeguard. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious hardcoded secrets are present. No obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The plugin scans CSS rules for 'transform' properties with 'logical' keyword, then creates directional variants for RTL and LTR. It carefully parses 'transform' values, skipping rules already marked with directional indicators. When processing 'rotate' functions, it adjusts rotations; for 'matrix' functions, it throws errors to prevent incorrect transformations. The code clones and appends new rules with appropriate selectors and modified 'transform' values. There is no evidence of malicious data leakage, external network activity, or backdoors. The only potential concern is the error thrown for 'matrix()' functions with 'logical', which could interfere with certain styles but does not introduce malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a CSS transformation utility designed to enhance RTL support by generating directional rules. It performs parsing, conditional processing, and rule cloning safely without external malicious interactions. No malware or malicious behavior is detected. It is well-structured, with no evident security issues or obfuscated code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}