{
  "purpose": "This code is a PostCSS plugin designed to modify CSS rules that contain 'logical' transforms by generating additional rules with directional selectors (ltr and rtl) and corresponding transform values for right-to-left support.",
  "sources": "Reads CSS rule nodes, specifically 'transform' declarations within rules; also reads 'transform' property values and function nodes parsed by 'postcss-values-parser'.",
  "sinks": "Creates new CSS rules with modified selectors and transform properties, and potentially removes original rules. No data output or external system interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Reads 'transform' declarations → Parses values → Checks for 'logical' keyword → Processes 'rotate' functions and 'matrix' functions → Generates new directional rules with transformed 'transform' values → Removes original rule if empty.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors present. The code modifies CSS based on parsing but does not perform any network communication, data exfiltration, or system modifications. The code comments suggest future enhancements but do not indicate malicious intent. No obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The plugin processes CSS rules with 'transform' properties containing 'logical'. It parses transform values, avoiding processing on 'matrix()' functions, and generates directional rules for 'ltr' and 'rtl'. It adds a matrix flip for 'rtl' when rotations are present. The code performs parsing and rule generation without external calls or data leaks. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The use of a parser and rule cloning is standard for a CSS processing plugin.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate PostCSS plugin aimed at enhancing CSS for different text directions. It does not contain malicious code, backdoors, or malware. No security risks are evident based on this isolated code. It’s a well-structured transformation plugin with no suspicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}