{
  "purpose": "A PostCSS plugin that transforms CSS rules containing logical transforms by creating directional variants for 'ltr' and 'rtl' directions, modifying 'transform' properties accordingly.",
  "sources": "The code reads CSS rule selectors and 'transform' property declarations; it parses the 'transform' values using 'postcss-values-parser'.",
  "sinks": "The code generates new CSS rules with different selectors and 'transform' property values based on direction; no direct data leaks or external calls are evident.",
  "flows": "CSS rules with 'transform' containing 'logical' keyword are parsed, transformed, and new rules are created for 'ltr' and 'rtl' directions with respective 'transform' values.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns or hidden behaviors; the code performs intended CSS processing. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors detected. The code includes comments indicating future TODOs but nothing suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The plugin parses CSS rules with 'transform' properties containing 'logical'. It skips rules already containing directional selectors. For applicable rules, it clones rules and appends directional variants with appropriate 'transform' modifications. It handles 'rotate' functions by adding mirror transforms for 'rtl' direction, and passes other functions unchanged. It explicitly prevents transformations involving 'matrix()' functions, which could be used maliciously to distort transforms. No external network requests, system modifications, or data exfiltration code is present. The logic aligns with CSS transformations intended for layout adjustments, with no signs of malicious intent or malicious code behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate CSS processing plugin designed to generate directional CSS variants for logical transforms. It does not contain malicious behaviors or malware. No security risks are identified beyond standard CSS processing. The code appears safe and purposeful.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}