{
  "purpose": "This code processes SVG path data strings to simplify and smooth the path commands, primarily for rendering or graphical manipulation.",
  "sources": "The code reads SVG path data strings via regex matching on input data, specifically extracting 'd' attribute values from SVG elements.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies the path data strings by replacing 'd' attributes with processed, smoothed, or simplified versions. No data is sent externally or stored, but the transformed data replaces the original input.",
  "flows": "Source: Extracted 'd' attribute from SVG strings -> Processing of path commands -> Replacement of original 'd' attribute with processed version.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. The code performs mathematical transformations and string replacements only related to SVG path data. No external network calls or file manipulations are present. No obfuscation detected; the code is straightforward and functional.",
  "analysis": "The code begins by requiring 'simplify-js' and a local 'bezier-smooth' module, then exports a function accepting data objects and optional parameters for tolerance, decimal places, and smoothing. It extracts all 'd' attributes from SVG path strings using regex, then parses each path command into arrays. It performs path simplification and smoothing using imported modules, then reconstructs the 'd' attribute strings with these processed paths. The core logic involves path data parsing, conditional smoothing, and string replacement. There are no signs of malicious behavior, external data exfiltration, or obfuscated code. The function is purely computational and string-manipulative, intended for SVG path processing.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate SVG path processing utility with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It operates solely on input data, transforming SVG path commands for graphical purposes. No malware or malicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}