{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions, pattern matchers, and variant definitions for a CSS utility framework, likely for class parsing and generation.",
  "sources": "Data is read from string inputs (e.g., matcher.match), configuration objects (e.g., theme, options), and predefined constants (e.g., regex, keyword lists). No external data inputs are observed.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe sinks include string manipulations for CSS selectors, media queries, and CSS variable functions, but these are standard for CSS frameworks. No direct untrusted data injection or network activity detected.",
  "flows": "The code processes input strings through regex matching, string slicing, and pattern replacement to generate CSS selectors, media queries, or CSS variables, with no external or network data flow involved.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily focused on pattern matching, string handling, and variant management. No evidence of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. No unusual obfuscation or dynamic code execution observed. No network activity or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines numerous pattern matchers for CSS class variants, pseudo-classes, media queries, and CSS variables. It uses regex and string manipulation for safe CSS-related transformations. No code executes external scripts, connects to external domains, or performs any system modifications. The code structure and functions are consistent with standard utility code for CSS class parsing, with no suspicious patterns, hardcoded secrets, or malicious behavior detected. Its purpose is to parse and generate CSS selectors and media queries based on class-like input strings.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility module for a CSS class parsing framework, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It handles pattern matching and string transformations securely for its purpose. No malware or security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}