{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define a dependency injection framework with classes for controllers, providers, interfaces, modules, guards, interceptors, and related setup functions, likely intended for use in a larger application architecture.",
  "sources": "Require statements for '@yorjs/shared'; class constructors and methods that access 'shared' utility functions; any function calls or method invocations that process or set up dependencies, providers, or interceptors.",
  "sinks": "Assignments to properties such as 'getter', 'metadata', 'dependencies', 'interfaces'; creation of new instances of classes; method calls like 'inject', 'dependencies', 'implements', 'useInterceptors', 'useGuards'; export statements that expose functions and classes.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from external sources via function parameters or class constructors, through dependency setup methods, into internal class properties such as 'getter', 'metadata', or 'instance', then potentially utilized in execution, especially via 'setup' or 'invoke' patterns.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded secrets, credentials, or network activity. Usage of 'Symbol' for tokens is standard in dependency injection. No code explicitly performs data exfiltration, network calls, or manipulates system files. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected. No dynamic code execution or eval functions present.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a dependency injection framework with classes representing providers, modules, interfaces, guards, interceptors, and controllers. It relies on utility functions from 'shared' for array flattening and object checks. No network activity, system modification, or suspicious data handling observed. The structure aligns with common DI patterns, with no signs of malicious payload or sabotage. The code’s purpose appears to be modular and organized dependency management, typical for application frameworks.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the detailed review, the code is a standard implementation of a dependency injection system without any malicious behavior or sabotage detected. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, data leaks, or malicious network activity. The code appears legitimate and safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}