{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define a modular dependency injection framework with various classes and factory functions for controllers, providers, guards, interceptors, and interfaces, likely for use in a larger JavaScript application.",
  "sources": "Require statement for '@yorjs/shared'; class constructors and functions that initialize and configure objects; function parameters and method calls that accept external input; module exports.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks like network requests, file system writes, or eval calls. Dependency injection setup and class instantiation are internal, but the 'shared' module's functions could potentially handle untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Input data (via parameters and dependencies) flows through constructor and method calls; injection functions assign or manipulate object properties; the setup functions configure behaviors. No external untrusted sources are explicitly read or processed in sensitive operations.",
  "anomalies": "Code is largely standard for a dependency injection system, with no obvious backdoors or malicious code. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious code obfuscation, or malicious network activity. The use of Symbol() for tokens and class hierarchies are typical.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple classes and factory functions for managing dependency injection, interfaces, and module composition. It uses symbols for unique identification and contains functions for injecting dependencies, applying guards, interceptors, and handling errors. The code relies heavily on an external shared module for utility functions like 'isObject' and 'flatten'. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as network communication, file manipulation, or dynamic code execution. The structure and purpose align with a modular, testable framework. It does not appear obfuscated or intentionally malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured dependency injection framework with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It does not contain hidden backdoors or suspicious behaviors. Given the lack of network activity, obfuscation, or hardcoded secrets, the security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}