{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define a dependency injection and module system with interfaces, providers, controllers, guards, interceptors, and related constructs, likely intended for use in a JavaScript application framework.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules (@yorjs/shared) and constructor parameters. It processes configuration objects and creates various class instances and data structures.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of user-provided getter functions (e.g., in setup methods), which can execute arbitrary code. There are no explicit network operations or file system access within this code. No direct data leaks or malicious system interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., configuration objects and functions) flow into class constructors and methods such as setup, inject, dependencies, and implements. These flow into internal data structures, with getter functions stored and invoked later. No external or network flow is evident within this snippet.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious strings are present. The code uses dynamic functions and symbols but does so in a typical dependency injection pattern. The only noteworthy aspect is the use of functions like 'getter' that could execute arbitrary user code if misused, but this is standard in such frameworks. No obfuscated code, malicious backdoors, or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs an elaborate dependency injection system with classes representing interfaces, providers, controllers, guards, interceptors, and modules. It relies on user-defined getter functions, which are invoked in controlled contexts within methods like 'useModule' and 'useProvider'. The code does not perform any network requests, file system operations, or system modifications. It mainly manages data and function flows for dependency resolution. The use of symbols and dynamic function calls is typical for such frameworks and does not indicate malicious intent. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. Overall, the code is a standard framework implementation with no malicious or suspicious behaviors detected.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript module implements a dependency injection and module management system. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The dynamic invocation of user-supplied functions is a common pattern but warrants cautious use; however, it does not inherently imply malicious intent. Overall, the code appears safe with a low security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}