{
  "purpose": "This code appears to implement a dependency injection framework with controllers, providers, modules, and interfaces, likely for a server-side JavaScript application or framework.",
  "sources": "Require statements (require('@yorjs/shared')), class constructors, methods like getter functions, and export statements.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data inputs could flow through the constructor parameters and method inputs, but no direct data leaks or network actions are evident. No obvious sinks for malicious data exfiltration or system commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows through class methods such as dependencies, inject, and setup, connecting providers, modules, and interfaces. No evident dangerous data flows like executing untrusted code or network communication.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments. The code uses standard JavaScript features, dynamic class creation, and dependency injection patterns. No obfuscated code detected. No unusual or hidden code behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple classes for managing dependency injection, interfaces, controllers, guards, interceptors, modules, and providers. It relies on shared utility functions, likely for array flattening and object checks. No network connections, system modifications, or malicious system calls are present. The structure aligns with typical DI frameworks, and there are no signs of malware or malicious intent. The use of symbols, classes, and dependency wiring appears legitimate. The only concern might be that the code is complex and dynamically wired, which could obscure malicious behavior if hidden, but no such behavior is evident here.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of a dependency injection system with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It appears to be a legitimate framework module with no malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}