{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for making GET and POST API requests to a configurable base URI, primarily designed for interacting with a specific API endpoint.",
  "sources": "The functions getApi and postApi read the 'uri' and 'data' parameters, with 'fullUri' generating the complete URL using the base URI and the provided path. The setBaseURI function allows modification of the defaultURI.",
  "sinks": "The fetch calls act as sinks, performing network requests to the constructed URLs with user-provided or dynamically set parameters, which could potentially lead to malicious requests if the base URI or input data are manipulated.",
  "flows": "Inputs from getApi and postApi (the 'uri' and 'data' parameters) flow through fullUri and are used as arguments in fetch calls, which are executed as network requests. The setBaseURI function can modify the defaultURI used in these flows.",
  "anomalies": "The code allows dynamic modification of the base URI through setBaseURI, which could be misused to redirect requests to malicious or unintended domains. No validation or sanitization of the URI parameter is performed. The code does not sanitize or validate 'uri' or 'data' inputs.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a default API endpoint and functions to perform GET and POST requests to constructed URLs. It uses fetch for network requests and supports changing the base URI dynamically. There are no obvious malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden malicious code. However, the ability to set an arbitrary base URI without validation introduces a risk of redirecting requests to malicious servers. The code is straightforward, without obfuscation or unusual language features. The fetch requests are standard, but because the base URI can be dynamically altered, this could potentially be exploited if user input is not controlled.\n\nOverall, the code itself does not contain malicious logic, but the design allows for potential misuse if inputs are not carefully managed.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a utility module for API requests with a configurable base URI. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior by itself, but the ability to change the base URI without validation could be exploited to redirect requests maliciously. The code appears legitimate and straightforward, with no signs of obfuscation or malware. The security risk is moderate due to this configurability, and caution should be taken to validate inputs if exposed to untrusted sources.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 5
}