{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to validate and sanitize metric data, such as names, values, sample rates, and tags, ensuring they conform to expected formats and do not contain illegal characters.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the metric object with properties: name, value, sampleRate, and tags; the tags array; and any external code passing data into these functions.",
  "sinks": "The functions primarily perform validation and sanitization without directly affecting external systems or performing data output. No data is sent or written to external systems within this code.",
  "flows": "Input data (metric object properties) are validated through checks; tags are sanitized and checked for illegal characters. The sanitized data is returned, but no further data flows or external effects are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to perform straightforward validation and sanitization; there are no suspicious or unusual code constructs, hidden behaviors, or hidden side effects. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines validation functions for metric name, value, sample rate, and tags, ensuring they contain no illegal characters. The sanitizeLabels function replaces illegal characters in tags with underscores. The sanitizeName function replaces illegal characters in metric names. The main sanitize function calls validation functions to verify data integrity. The code exports these functions for use elsewhere. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious payloads, or malicious behavior. All functions are straightforward validation and sanitization routines designed to prevent malformed data.\n\nThere are no indicators of malware, suspicious network activity, or malicious intent. The code operates solely on input validation and sanitization, with no data exfiltration, code injection, or system manipulation evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility module for validating and sanitizing metric data. It performs input checks to prevent invalid or malicious characters but does not contain malicious behavior or malware. It is a standard validation library with no security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}