{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React component called SmartMouse that creates a customizable visual cursor and tracks DOM elements under the cursor, allowing for style customization via 'mousecustom' attributes or class-based styles.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from mouse events (clientX, clientY), DOM elements via document.elementFromPoint, and attributes like 'mousecustom'. It also reads class names and element types.",
  "sinks": "It updates component state and modifies DOM styles for cursor appearance. It also manipulates document.querySelectorAll('*') to change cursor styles and listens for mousemove events.",
  "flows": "Mouse move events serve as sources; DOM element detection and attribute parsing are intermediate steps; style updates and cursor rendering are the sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. The code dynamically adjusts styles based on attributes and class names but does not perform any suspicious network activity or file manipulation. No obfuscated code, malicious network calls, or system modifications are present. It disables cursor display globally, which could be considered intrusive, but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component that creates a custom cursor that follows mouse movements. It dynamically adjusts the cursor style based on the DOM element under the cursor, with optional customizations via 'mousecustom' attributes or class styles. It disables the cursor on the entire document for a customized effect. The code uses standard React hooks, event listeners, and DOM queries, with no evidence of data exfiltration, system modification, or network activity. It does not contain obfuscation or malicious code patterns. Its purpose appears to be visual enhancement, not malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React component that creates a custom cursor with style customization options. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It merely manipulates styles and tracks mouse movements for UI effects. No malicious intent or security threats are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}