{
  "purpose": "This React component creates a custom mouse cursor with dynamic styling based on hovered elements, supporting customization through props.",
  "sources": "Reads include event listeners for 'mousemove' on the window, element attributes (e.g., 'mousecustom'), and props for styles.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve setting inline styles for cursor appearance and reading element attributes that influence cursor styling.",
  "flows": "Flow involves capturing mouse movement, identifying hovered element and its attributes, and updating cursor style accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. Use of JSON.parse on element attribute 'mousecustom' is safe if inputs are controlled; however, this could be exploited if malicious JSON is injected into DOM attributes. The code disables cursor on the page, which is typical for custom cursor implementations but could be misused in malicious contexts.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component that tracks mouse position and updates a custom cursor's style based on the element under the cursor. It reads a 'mousecustom' attribute from DOM elements to dynamically style the cursor, which could be exploited if malicious code injects JSON into DOM attributes. The code only manipulates styles and event listeners; it does not perform network requests, execute dynamic code, or access sensitive system data. The use of JSON.parse on element attributes is a potential attack vector if external input is not sanitized, but within this code, it is handled with try-catch. No suspicious network activity or system manipulation observed. The code's behavior appears intended for UI enhancement without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React-based custom cursor implementation with dynamic styling based on DOM attributes. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. A potential concern is reliance on JSON.parse of DOM attributes, which could be exploited if external inputs are injected into DOM attributes. Overall, it is a benign UI component with no malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}