{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component 'SmartMouse' that creates a customizable, stylized cursor overlay with various style options and dynamic positioning based on mouse movement. It appears intended for enhancing user interface interactions with visual cues.",
  "sources": "Mouse movement events (window.addEventListener('mousemove')) to track cursor position and element detection; reading 'mousecustom' attribute from DOM elements for style customization.",
  "sinks": "Updating styles of DOM elements based on 'mousecustom' attribute; modifying document.querySelectorAll('*') styles to hide the cursor; setting component state for cursor appearance.",
  "flows": "Mousemove event triggers position and element detection; if 'mousecustom' attribute exists, parsed styles are applied; otherwise, default styles based on element type or classStyle are used to update cursor style and position.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code dynamically modifies cursor style and element styles based on DOM attributes, which is intended for UI purposes and not inherently malicious. No network activity or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages cursor visualization and element style customization within a React component. It uses standard event listeners for mouse movements and manipulates styles accordingly. The use of 'mousecustom' attribute for per-element style overrides is a common pattern for UI customization. The code disables cursor appearance across all elements when debugging is off, which could be intrusive but is not malicious. No obfuscation, data exfiltration, or suspicious network activity is present. Overall, the code appears to be a benign UI enhancement tool.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a React-based cursor overlay component that allows style customization and dynamic positioning. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. The only notable activity is style manipulation based on DOM attributes, consistent with UI customization features. No security risks or malicious signals are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}