{
  "purpose": "A React component implementing a custom cursor that follows mouse movements and styles itself based on hovered DOM elements and their attributes, primarily for UI enhancement.",
  "sources": "Reads mouse events, DOM element attributes ('mousecustom'), class names, and element types.",
  "sinks": "Updates cursor style dynamically; reads 'mousecustom' attribute which is parsed via JSON.parse.",
  "flows": "Mousemove events -> element detection -> optional 'mousecustom' JSON parsing -> style updates for cursor.",
  "anomalies": "Uses JSON.parse on DOM attribute 'mousecustom', which could be exploited if untrusted JSON is injected; no sanitization beyond error handling.",
  "analysis": "The code tracks mouse position and updates a custom cursor's style based on hovered element attributes or class styles. It disables the default cursor globally for visual effect. The only potential security concern is the parsing of 'mousecustom' attribute JSON, which could be manipulated if external DOM content is maliciously injected. However, the code handles JSON parsing errors gracefully, and no network or system access is performed. The code is straightforward, readable, and does not contain obfuscation or malicious patterns. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious activity. The risk score is 0.2, reflecting the potential for injection if external DOM attributes are untrusted, but this is mitigated by error handling and the absence of active exploitation. Overall, the component is a benign UI feature with minimal security implications.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, UI-focused React component for custom cursor styling. It does not contain malware or obfuscation. The only minor concern is the parsing of 'mousecustom' JSON from DOM attributes, which could be exploited if external content is maliciously injected. Proper sanitization of DOM attributes would mitigate this risk. The current scores (malware 0, obfuscated 0, risk 0.2) are appropriate and consistent with the code's behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}