{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component 'SmartMouse' that customizes the appearance and behavior of the mouse cursor, tracking mouse movement and dynamically adjusting styles based on the underlying DOM elements.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from mouse events (clientX, clientY), DOM elements via document.elementFromPoint, and element attributes such as 'mousecustom'. It also reads class names and element types.",
  "sinks": "The code updates inline styles of elements (e.g., cursor styles) and modifies cursor appearance by setting document.querySelectorAll('*').style.cursor. It does not write or send data outside the application or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "Mouse movement events (source) update element detection and style settings (sink). The component dynamically applies styles based on the element under the cursor, with no external data transmission.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are present. The code uses JSON.parse on 'mousecustom' attribute, which is safe assuming controlled usage. No obfuscated or minified code or suspicious dynamic execution found. It disables ESLint rules but does not execute arbitrary code.",
  "analysis": "The component tracks mouse movement and modifies cursor appearance based on underlying DOM elements. It reads element attributes and class names to apply custom styles. It also temporarily disables cursor visibility across the document. No network requests, data exfiltration, or code injection mechanisms are present. The code does not include external script execution, reverse shells, or system modifications. The only noteworthy behavior is dynamic style application and cursor hiding, which is typical for custom cursor implementations. There are no signs of malicious intent or malware. The use of JSON.parse on 'mousecustom' attribute is potentially risky if untrusted data is provided but is used within a controlled context. Overall, the code functions as a cursor customization tool without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React-based custom cursor component that dynamically styles the cursor and underlying elements based on user interaction. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. It is a typical implementation for visual cursor customization with no security threats identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}