{
  "purpose": "This static template code is designed to generate a JavaScript module that consolidates multiple items into an exportable object, attaching it either to module.exports or to a global window.la namespace, depending on the environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from placeholders such as {{ head }}, {{ source }}, and {{ items }}, which are populated during code generation.",
  "sinks": "The generated code exports an object via module.exports or attaches properties to window.la, which could be exploited if malicious content is injected into the placeholders.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the injected content into the exported object or global namespace, depending on the environment, via the placeholders filled during code generation.",
  "anomalies": "The presence of templating syntax (e.g., {{...}}) indicates dynamic content injection; no malicious code or obfuscation is present in the static template, but the placeholders pose a risk if populated with untrusted data.",
  "analysis": "The static code is a benign, standard JavaScript module scaffold with placeholders for dynamic content. No malicious commands, obfuscation, or secrets are embedded. The security concern arises solely from the content injected into the placeholders during build or runtime, which could be malicious if sourced from untrusted origins. The code structure itself is safe, and the risk depends on the trustworthiness of the data used during code generation. The malware score is 0, as no malicious intent is evident in the static template. The obfuscated score is 0, given the clarity of the code. The security risk score is estimated at 0.2, reflecting potential danger if injected content is malicious, but the static code remains safe. Proper sanitization and validation of injected data are essential to mitigate risks.",
  "conclusion": "The static template code is safe and does not contain malicious or obfuscated code. The primary security concern is the injection of malicious content into the placeholders during code generation. Ensuring that the data used to populate these placeholders is sanitized and trusted will mitigate potential supply chain risks. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is approximately 0.2, consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}