{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a bundle of JavaScript modules related to UI components, particularly progress bars and animations, likely intended for rendering visual elements in a web application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from DOM elements via document.querySelector, element style properties, and possibly from external inputs via parameters passed into functions. No explicit external data sources or untrusted input reads are evident beyond DOM queries and function arguments.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation (appending child elements, setting styles), and creating SVG elements for rendering graphics. No direct data leaks, network requests, or file system access are observed.",
  "flows": "Input data from DOM elements and function parameters flows into SVG and DOM manipulation functions that render visual components. There are no indications of data being sent over the network or written to files.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes large, complex, minified-looking modules with dynamic functions and pattern-based rendering. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious variable names. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are detected. The code is primarily UI rendering logic without suspicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified bundle of UI components for progress bars with animations, styles, and rendering logic. It utilizes standard web APIs like document.createElementNS, appendChild, style properties, and DOM querying. There is no evidence of malicious activity such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification. The structure and functions focus on rendering SVG-based progress indicators and animations with configurable options. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, hidden network requests, or backdoors are detected. The complex minified format suggests obfuscation for compactness but not malicious intent. Overall, the code is a typical UI component library with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a minified UI component library for rendering animated progress bars and related SVG graphics. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code operates within the DOM and SVG rendering contexts without network or system access. Therefore, it is safe for use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}