{
  "purpose": "This code provides Grunt task configurations for processing, optimizing, and replacing references to scripts and stylesheets within HTML files, mainly for build automation and asset management.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include configuration options, user-defined patterns, file paths from grunt.files, and JSON data from revmap options or grunt.filerev.summary.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points are file reads and writes (grunt.file.readJSON, grunt.file.expand, grunt.file.write), and dynamic configuration updates (grunt.config).",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources such as configuration options and files into processing functions, which may read or modify files, and ultimately write processed content back to disk. For example, the getLocator function retrieves revmap data, which is then used in file processing tasks. The processed file contents are replaced via grunt.file.write.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behaviors such as obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or suspicious patterns are detected. Usage of external modules appears standard, and no hardcoded secrets or credentials are present.",
  "analysis": "The script mainly handles file processing, configuration management, and asset reference replacements within a build process. It uses standard Grunt APIs, external modules for file and configuration handling, and processes files based on user options. No code injection, malicious network activity, or hidden backdoors are present. The code relies on external modules for core functionality, which are assumed to be safe. The use of JSON reading and file expansion is typical for build tools. All functions serve legitimate build automation purposes. There are no indicators of malicious intent or suspicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Grunt task setup for build automation, asset processing, and reference replacement. It performs no suspicious or malicious actions, and there are no signs of malware or security risks. It appears safe and intended for legitimate build processes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}