{
  "purpose": "The code dynamically creates and manages CSS styles for a React Native web project, particularly focusing on theme switching and responsive styles.",
  "sources": "Reads from document.cookie to get theme preferences; accesses window.matchMedia to determine system theme; creates and inserts style elements into document.head.",
  "sinks": "Modifies document.body.classList to add theme-related classes; inserts CSS rules into stylesheet; executes a script that sets theme classes based on cookie and system preferences.",
  "flows": "Reads cookie and media query status (sources) → Sets theme classes on document.body (sink) → Injects CSS rules into document styles (sink).",
  "anomalies": "The only potential anomaly is the script that reads cookie and system preference to set theme classes, but this behavior is typical for theme management and not malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a stylesheet for theme-specific styles, manages rules, and applies theme classes based on cookie and system preferences. It uses document.cookie to determine theme preference, which is common for user settings. It dynamically inserts style rules and uses matchMedia to detect system theme preferences. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious network activity is evident. All operations relate to styling and theme management. No obfuscation or malware patterns are detected. The code appears to be a legitimate implementation for theme management in a web app.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs theme management through style injection and cookie/system preference detection. There are no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. The only notable activity is reading cookies and system preferences for UI theming, which is standard. Overall, the code is safe and serves its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}