{
  "purpose": "The code provides mathematical utilities for precise floating-point calculations, including addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, rounding, and precision management.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function arguments passed to the mathematical functions and from internal variables such as 'this.result' and 'this.precision'.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include the functions that return computed values: 'add', 'subtract', 'multiply', 'devide', 'round', and 'value' methods which output numeric results. No external sinks like network or file I/O are present.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (function arguments) flows through internal methods that perform calculations, resulting in output via the exported functions. There are no indications of data being sent elsewhere or used maliciously.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of high-precision floating-point arithmetic with no obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or suspicious constructs. Variable naming and structure are consistent with mathematical utility libraries. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code segments detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a constructor function that manages precision, checks, and performs arithmetic operations. It offers methods to set precision, enable checks for integer boundaries, and perform calculations with enhanced accuracy. The functions process numerical inputs, perform mathematical operations, and return precise results. No external network calls, data leaks, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code is straightforward and appears to serve as a utility library for precise mathematical computations. There is no evidence of malicious intent or malicious payloads embedded in the code.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a mathematical utility library for high-precision floating-point operations. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. Its purpose is purely computational, and it does not engage in data exfiltration, network communication, or other malicious activities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}