{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of utility classes and functions for handling optional and result types, providing monadic patterns similar to those in functional programming, such as Option, Some, None, Result, Ok, and Err.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data when functions like from$, fromPromise$, from, ok, err, and fromPromise are invoked with external data sources such as function arguments or promise resolutions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include callback functions (callbackFn), which could process untrusted data, and the error handling mechanisms which could potentially expose sensitive data if misused, but no direct data leaks or system commands are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function parameters through wrapper functions (e.g., from$, fromPromise$) to callback invocations or returned objects. No external network, file, or environment variable access is evident.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are observed. The code strictly defines type wrappers and related functions without side effects or external system interactions. No obfuscated language features are used. All code appears to be standard TypeScript/JavaScript pattern implementations.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises class definitions for Option, Some, None, Result, Ok, and Err, with functions to instantiate and operate on these types. All logic pertains to safe handling of optional and error-prone data, with methods like map, flatMap, unwrap, and match. There are no network operations, file manipulations, system calls, or external data transmissions. No suspicious or malicious constructs such as data exfiltration, command execution, or hidden backdoors are present. The functions handle data safely, throwing errors or returning safe defaults as designed. The structure and content are typical for functional programming utilities and do not exhibit obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard implementation of functional data handling patterns (Option and Result types) in JavaScript. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code appears to serve as a utility library without any hidden or harmful functionalities.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}