{
  "purpose": "This code defines functional programming constructs such as Option, Result, Some, None, Ok, and Err to handle optional and error-prone values in a safe manner. It provides utility functions for wrapping values into these types and working with asynchronous operations using promises.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input values passed to functions like from$,1, some, none, fromPromise$1, from, ok, err, fromPromise, and constructors of classes (e.g., new Some(value)). It also processes promise resolutions and rejections.",
  "sinks": "The code itself does not contain any explicit sinks such as network calls, system modifications, or data leaks. It primarily manipulates internal data structures without executing dangerous operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input values through wrapper functions (from, some, none, fromPromise) into Option or Result objects, with potential transformations via map, flatMap, catchMap, etc. There are no external data flows to untrusted sources or sinks.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behaviors. The code appears to be a standard implementation of Option and Result types with utility functions. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a set of classes and functions to handle optional and result-based error handling in JavaScript. It uses clear class structures with straightforward logic for creating and manipulating Option and Result objects. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, file system access, or secret exfiltration. The use of throw statements and error handling is consistent with safe coding practices. The functions for promise handling do not contain any hidden or suspicious code; they merely resolve or reject values. The overall structure suggests a utility library for safer error and optional value management, with no indicators of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of functional programming constructs for error and optional value handling. It does not contain malicious behavior, suspicious anomalies, or security risks. It is safe for use as a utility library. Confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}