{
  "purpose": "This code implements a JavaScript library (Popper.js) for positioning popper elements (tooltips, dropdowns) relative to reference elements in web pages, providing various utility functions and modifiers for positioning logic.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from DOM elements (reference, popper), user agent string for browser detection, and configuration options provided during instantiation.",
  "sinks": "Applies styles and attributes to DOM elements (`popper`), sets event listeners for resize and scroll, and executes user-provided callbacks (`onCreate`, `onUpdate`).",
  "flows": "Input DOM elements and configuration options are processed through utility functions to determine positions, then styles and attributes are applied to DOM nodes, with event listeners scheduled to trigger position updates.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity detected. Code extensively uses feature detection, standard DOM and CSSOM APIs, and standard event handling. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution is present. The code appears to be a standard implementation of a well-known open-source library.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for DOM measurements, browser detection, and style management, following typical patterns. It creates a Popper class with methods for positioning, updating, and destroying popper elements, using standard practices. The modifiers object manages positioning behaviors like flipping, preventing overflow, and arrow placement. All functions utilize safe, documented API calls without suspicious code or hidden logic. There is no evidence of malware, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior. The code is consistent with a typical, open-source positioning library that operates purely on DOM and style manipulations.",
  "conclusion": "This is a legitimate, standard implementation of a positioning library (Popper.js). It performs DOM measurements, style applications, and event handling for UI positioning without any malicious intent or suspicious behavior. No indicators of malware or sabotage are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}