{
  "purpose": "The code is a JavaScript library (Popper.js) designed to create and position popper elements near reference elements, primarily for UI tooltip and dropdown placement.",
  "sources": "Reads include browser environment detection, userAgent string, DOM element properties, window, document, and element styles. No untrusted input sources are evident; most data reads are from the DOM and environment properties.",
  "sinks": "Style and attribute modifications on DOM elements, event listener attachments, and callback invocations. No sinks indicate untrusted data flows leading to security issues.",
  "flows": "The code gathers element sizes and positions (sources), computes placement and offsets, then applies styles and attributes to DOM elements (sinks). No flows indicate untrusted data from external sources to sinks, and the code only manipulates its own data or DOM based on environment info.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes extensive environment detection (browser type, IE versions) and dynamic style/attribute setting. However, it performs no suspicious operations such as network requests, data exfiltration, or code execution from untrusted sources. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. There is a deprecated warning about GPU acceleration options, but nothing malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured, open-source positioning library that manipulates DOM styles and attributes for UI purposes. It contains utility functions for size calculations, boundary detection, and placement logic. No dynamic code evaluation, network access, or hidden functionalities are present. All environment detection and DOM manipulations are consistent with a UI positioning library. The code includes standard warnings and deprecation notices but no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate open-source library (Popper.js) used for UI element positioning. It performs environment detection, size calculations, boundary checks, and style applications without any malicious behavior or sabotage indications. No network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors are detected. The likelihood of malicious intent is extremely low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}