{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive utility library for creating and positioning 'poppers' (tooltips, dropdowns, etc.) near reference elements in the browser, intended for use as part of a larger UI framework.",
  "sources": "Reads user agent string, window.Promise, document, window, and element properties such as nodeType, nodeName, ownerDocument, style, attributes, and various DOM measurements.",
  "sinks": "Sets styles and attributes on DOM elements (popper and arrow), adds event listeners for resize and scroll, removes DOM elements during destroy, and accesses computed styles.",
  "flows": "Sources such as user agent and DOM element properties flow into functions that compute styles, offsets, boundaries, and positions; these are then applied via style and attribute modifications. Event listeners are set up to trigger updates based on window resize and scroll events.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, suspicious dynamic execution, or hidden backdoors detected. The code is structured as a standard utility library with typical DOM and style manipulations. There are no hidden network calls, data exfiltration, or malicious behaviors. Warnings about deprecated features and console warnings are present but benign. No hardcoded credentials, external malicious URLs, or system sabotage code are found.",
  "analysis": "The script is a well-structured, modular utility library for positioning UI elements using DOM measurements, CSS styles, and event listeners. It includes functions for getting styles, sizes, offsets, and boundary calculations, with logic to handle different browsers and environments. It also defines a set of modifiers for behavior customization. The code uses standard DOM APIs, promises, and event handling without any code that could be classified as malicious or sabotage. No suspicious data flows, hardcoded secrets, or external network communications are detected. The code appears to be a legitimate open-source positioning utility, with no malware signals.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-documented utility library for positioning DOM elements, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It relies on typical browser APIs and performs style, attribute, and event management for layout purposes. No malware or malicious behaviors are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}