{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive JavaScript library for color format conversion and normalization, supporting multiple color models and string formats for CSS color values.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from user-provided color strings, which are matched against regex patterns for parsing and normalization.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs converted color values, primarily as strings in various formats (hex, rgb, hsl, etc.) or as color objects with numeric components.",
  "flows": "Input color strings are matched via regex (sources) and then normalized and converted through various functions to target formats, ultimately producing color strings or objects as output.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are evident. The code performs expected color parsing, normalization, and conversion functions. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or data exfiltration logic is present. The functions are pure and focus solely on color computations.",
  "analysis": "The code is a color manipulation library with functions for converting between different color models and string formats. It uses regex to parse input color strings, normalizes values to ranges (e.g., 0..1, 0..360), and outputs converted color strings or objects. There are no indications of external data access, network calls, file operations, or hidden code. The entire module appears to be focused on color conversions with well-structured, predictable functions. No signs of obfuscation, malware, or malicious behavior are present. The code uses standard, well-understood color conversion algorithms, and all functions are transparent and limited to computational tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate color conversion library with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs color parsing, normalization, and conversion without any network activity, data theft, or backdoors. The presence of regex-based parsing is typical for such utilities, and no suspicious behaviors or signals were detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}