{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React-based visualization component for hierarchical data using partition layout, with zoom and tooltip features.",
  "sources": "Imports from external libraries such as react, react-broadcast, react-move, d3-hierarchy, d3-scale, d3-ease, and local components. Data input via props 'data' and 'sizeDimension'.",
  "sinks": "Event handlers for click, double-click, hover; zoom controls; DOM elements rendering visual elements; tooltip display via data attributes.",
  "flows": "User interactions (click, hover, zoom) trigger handlers that update state or invoke callback props. Data flows from props into d3 layout, then into SVG rendering, with event handlers managing user inputs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns detected. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activity. Code appears standard for React visualization component with external dependencies. No obfuscated code, malicious API calls, or data leaks evident.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical React component functions: imports dependencies, defines a class component with state for zoom transformations, processes hierarchical data with d3, manages zoom interactions, and renders SVG elements with event handlers. No indications of malicious behavior such as network exfiltration, reverse shells, or backdoors. The use of third-party libraries is standard, and code structure aligns with common React patterns. No signs of obfuscation or hidden malicious logic. The code's only external communication points are event handlers that invoke passed-in callback props, which are typical in React components and not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React visualization component for hierarchical data with zoom and tooltip functionalities. No malicious intent or suspicious behavior is detected. It appears safe and intended for visualization purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}