{
  "purpose": "The script detects the Linux distribution and, if supported, runs a specific npm package installation command ('npx patchright install'). It aims to automate the installation of the 'patchright' tool on compatible Linux systems.",
  "sources": "Reading system files (/etc/os-release) for OS details, executing shell commands ('npx patchright install'), and capturing errors from filesystem and process interactions.",
  "sinks": "Execution of 'npx patchright install' via execSync, which runs a shell command that may invoke scripts or binaries from the npm package.",
  "flows": "System info is read from files and variables, then passed to conditional logic to determine whether to execute the 'npx patchright install' command. If executed, the command runs with stdio inherited, potentially executing arbitrary scripts from the 'patchright' package.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded secrets, credentials, or unusual code constructs. The code performs standard OS detection and command execution. It includes error handling but no evidence of obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The code begins by checking if the platform is Linux. If not, it exits early, avoiding execution on unsupported systems. For Linux, it reads '/etc/os-release' to identify the distribution. If the distribution is supported (matches a predefined list), it runs 'npx patchright install' synchronously, inheriting stdio. Error handling is in place if the installation fails. The logic is straightforward and aligns with common scripting practices for environment detection and conditional command execution. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The script performs environment detection and executes a package installation command on supported Linux systems. It appears to be a benign automation script for installing a specific npm package, with no signs of malicious intent or harmful behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}