{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of classes and functions for creating and manipulating keyframe-based animation curves, primarily for use in graphics or animation applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'frames' array passed into the 'keyframes' function, and potentially from the 'opts' parameter for configuration.",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations and outputs a 'Curve' object with interpolated points. No untrusted data is written or sent over the network; no sensitive data handling or storage occurs.",
  "flows": "Input frames and options are used to generate keyframes and curves. No external data flows or outputs are detected beyond returning a Curve object.",
  "anomalies": "There are no unusual code constructs, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious logic. The code is primarily mathematical and structural for interpolation purposes. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code creates classes for vectors, keyframes, segments, and curves with methods for adding, subtracting, scaling vectors, and interpolating points on curves. The '_link' method in Keyframe calculates control points for Bezier curves, and the 'points' method in Segment generates interpolated points along the curve. The 'at' method in Curve provides value lookup at specific times via linear interpolation. The overall structure is standard for animation curve generation. No suspicious network activity, hidden backdoors, or malicious data handling identified. The code is self-contained, performing mathematical calculations related to animation curves. No evidence of malicious behavior, data leakage, or malicious side-effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate mathematical implementation for generating and interpolating keyframe animation curves. It does not exhibit any malicious or suspicious behavior. It is safe and intended for animation-related computations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}