{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript module for creating and manipulating keyframe curves used in animations or data interpolation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'frames' parameter in the 'keyframes' function, which consists of an array of keyframe data objects with 'time' and 'value' properties. It also accesses properties of the 'opts' object, such as 'tension' and 'samples'.",
  "sinks": "The code does not explicitly write to or send data to untrusted sources. It performs calculations locally and exposes an API ('keyframes') for creating curve objects. There are no network calls, file system access, or system command executions present.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'frames' flows into 'Keyframe' objects, which are linked and processed to generate 'Segment' objects and points for interpolation. The 'at' method computes interpolated values for a given 'time'. There are no external sinks such as network or file operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of cubic Bezier interpolation for keyframes. There are no hardcoded secrets, suspicious control flow, or obfuscated code. No unusual or malicious logic is present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for Vector, Keyframe, Segment, and Curve to construct and interpolate keyframes for animations. It sorts and links keyframes, computes control points, and generates interpolated points. The 'at' method provides linear interpolation within the curve. The code is clean, well-structured, and does not perform any suspicious operations such as network communication, system modifications, or data exfiltration. The initial IIFE pattern ensures modular distribution, and the source map comment indicates standard build practices. Overall, the code appears to serve a legitimate purpose related to keyframe-based animations without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a cubic spline keyframe interpolation library used for animations or data visualization. It does not contain any malicious behavior, external data exfiltration, or suspicious operations. No malware signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}