{
  "purpose": "Provides a set of utility functions and classes for asynchronous control flow, context management, and retries in JavaScript applications.",
  "sources": "Input data from parameters in constructors, function arguments, and Promise resolutions.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe operations are not explicitly present; no data is written to external systems or sensitive storage within the code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters to internal class properties, through asynchronous functions, and Promise-based flow control. No external data leaks or sensitive data exfiltration observed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious logic. The code is focused on flow control and error handling without any obfuscated code or unusual language features. Use of internal validation functions is standard, though validation functions are not invoked within constructors (commented out).",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for creating promises, data validation, copying objects, and context management. The Ctx class manages transaction-like states with commit and rollback methods. The normalize_promise function wraps promises to return a Ctx object. The retry function performs retries with error handling. The Runtime class manages sequential execution of functions with error handling and state management. The easy generator function yields results or errors from a list of tasks, with optional recovery. No external system calls, network operations, or sensitive data handling are present. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware-like activity are detected. The code appears well-structured for controlled flow management and error handling.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a utility library for managing asynchronous workflows, error handling, and context states in JavaScript. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident based on this analysis. The code is standard and does not exhibit suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}