{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of utility functions and classes for managing asynchronous operations, error handling, data copying, and control flow in JavaScript applications, particularly emphasizing promise normalization, retries, context management, and task execution.",
  "sources": "Input data to the Ctx class (constructor, data parameter), data received from promise-based functions in normalize_promise, and task functions in the easy generator.",
  "sinks": "Data assignment to this.data in Ctx, console logging of ctx.data, and potential exception throwing in error handling functions. No data is directly sent to network or external systems.",
  "flows": "Input data -> Ctx constructor -> data copying -> data modifications -> console logging in Runtime.run -> error handling in retry and easy functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes numerous utility functions with standard behaviors, no hardcoded secrets, or suspicious data flows. There are no obfuscated patterns or unusual language features. Some commented-out validation in Ctx constructor, but that alone is not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility classes and functions for managing asynchronous tasks, context, and error handling. The Ctx class manages error states and data copying, ensuring state can be committed or rolled back. The normalize_promise function wraps promises into Ctx objects for consistent error handling. The retry function implements a retry loop with rollback and commit semantics. Runtime class manages sequential execution of functions with error checks and logging. The easy function provides a generator-based task runner with optional error recovery. The code does not include network activity, file operations, or other external effects. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. Overall, the code appears to serve as a controlled utility library for structured asynchronous flow management without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard utility library designed for managing asynchronous control flow, error handling, and data integrity within JavaScript applications. No malicious behavior, malware, or suspicious activities are evident. The code is well-structured and appears safe for typical use, with no signs of sabotage or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}