{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions and classes for managing asynchronous workflows, including context management, retry mechanisms, promise normalization, and task execution with error handling.",
  "sources": "Input data is read primarily from the constructor parameters of classes (e.g., data, err in Ctx; funcs and init_data in Runtime; tsks and params in easy). Data is also obtained from resolved promises in normalize_promise and within functions like run and easy.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the assignment of untrusted data to internal state (e.g., this.data in Ctx; ctx.data in Runtime; rslt in easy). The only notable write operation is object assignment and data copying, with no direct output or network operations present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources into class constructors and function parameters; for example, data flows into Ctx for context management, and functions passed into Runtime and easy receive context or parameters. Resolved promise data flows into Ctx instances, and errors/outputs flow back through the Promise chains and error handling pathways.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, such as obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or suspicious variable names. Usage of console.log for debugging is benign but could be considered a minor concern if logs reveal sensitive info, though in this context it appears to log internal data states. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious API calls are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard asynchronous control flow mechanisms, including promise handling, retries, context management, and generator-based task iteration. The functions perform expected behaviors, such as copying objects, managing error states, and executing functions sequentially with retries. No malicious intent is evident; the code lacks external network calls, credential leaks, or hidden backdoors. It appears to be a utility library for managing asynchronous workflows safely.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a set of utility functions and classes for handling asynchronous execution, context state, and retries. It does not contain any malicious behavior or malware signatures. The code structure is clear and standard, with no suspicious code patterns or security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}