{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and classes for managing asynchronous operations, including promise normalization, retries, context management, and task execution flow control.",
  "sources": "Input data from function parameters (e.g., 'data', 'err') and internal promise resolutions.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data flows into context data, error handling, or logged output; no direct data leakage or system modification points identified.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources into context objects, which are manipulated via methods like 'commit', 'rollback', and 'thrw'. Asynchronous functions in 'retry' and 'easy' handle errors and flow control, with promise resolution and rejection paths feeding into context error states.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated segments detected. The code follows standard JavaScript conventions. No malicious or suspicious behaviors such as network calls, system modifications, or data exfiltration are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for handling promises and asynchronous task flows, including context management via the 'Ctx' class, which tracks errors and data states. The 'retry' function implements a retry mechanism that rolls back context state on errors. The 'Runtime' class manages execution of a sequence of functions, advancing only on success. The 'easy' generator handles multiple asynchronous tasks with optional error recovery. There are no signs of malicious activity, hidden backdoors, or malicious data handling. The code appears to be designed solely for structured asynchronous control flow and error management.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility library focused on managing asynchronous flows, error handling, and context state. It contains no indicators of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It is safe to use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}