{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and classes for managing asynchronous workflows, error handling, data copying, and control flow in JavaScript applications, particularly focusing on promise normalization, retry logic, context management, and task iteration.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters (e.g., 'r' in _validate_data, 'err' and 'data' in retry and normalize_promise, context data in Ctx and Runtime classes). Input can also originate from external functions invoked within 'easy' or 'run' methods.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or effects could occur if untrusted data is logged (e.g., console.log in Runtime), or if errors are mishandled. However, no explicit data exfiltration, network requests, or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from parameters into validation functions and context objects, then through methods like commit, rollback, or error handling. In 'easy', data is fetched from task functions, with error or result passed along. In 'Runtime', data flows through execution of functions and context management.",
  "anomalies": "There are no obvious anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, hidden backdoors, or malicious obfuscation. The code uses standard JavaScript features, with straightforward flow and no unusual language constructs. No suspicious network or system modifications are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a promise-based promise resolver (_ps), data validation (_validate_data, _validate_err), a context class (Ctx) for managing error states and data snapshots, and a runtime class (Runtime) for executing sequences of functions with error handling. It also provides utility functions for retrying operations (retry) and for iterating over tasks with recovery options (easy). The code emphasizes error control and state management without external side effects or malicious behavior. No malicious payloads, network calls, or obfuscated code are present. The code appears to be a structured utility library for asynchronous control flow and error management.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions and classes aimed at managing asynchronous workflows, error handling, and data states. It does not contain any malicious behavior, suspicious network activity, or hidden backdoors. The logic is straightforward and focused on flow control, with no indications of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}