{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of React components styled with styled-components for a web application, including global styles, layout, media queries, and utilities for responsive design and theming.",
  "sources": "Environmental variables (process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_SITEURL, process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_OG_IMAGE, process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_SITENAME, process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_BASE_PATH), import statements, and any input props to components.",
  "sinks": "HTML meta tags (Open Graph, Twitter Card), DOM elements that may include user-provided content, styled-components generating CSS, and dynamic URLs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from environment variables and component props into meta tags and CSS styles, which are then rendered into the DOM. User input may be injected via dangerouslySetInnerHTML in the PlainText component.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dangerouslySetInnerHTML could potentially allow injection of malicious HTML if the input is user-controlled. However, it appears to be controlled via a text prop, which should be sanitized before use. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. External URL generation uses environment variables, which are standard. No suspicious network activity or obfuscated code is detected. The large inclusion of a Microsoft copyright notice appears benign as it's part of a TypeScript helper function.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive React layout and style module with global styles, responsive design, and component definitions. It includes functions for injecting CSS and generating URLs from environment variables. The dangerouslySetInnerHTML in PlainText could be a vector for XSS if not sanitized, but there is no evidence that user input is directly injected without validation. No network activity, data exfiltration, or suspicious dynamic code execution is observed. The presence of TypeScript helper functions and the use of environment variables are typical and not malicious. The overall structure is focused on UI rendering with no apparent malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React styled-components layout module intended for web UI development. No malicious behavior or sabotage is detected. The use of dangerouslySetInnerHTML warrants caution if inputs are untrusted, but this is a common pattern that can be mitigated with proper sanitization. Overall, the package appears safe with no malware indicators.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}