{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define React components styled with styled-components, primarily for UI elements such as labels and checkboxes, along with global CSS variables. Its purpose is likely for rendering styled checkbox inputs with custom visuals.",
  "sources": "Reads include environment variables for CSS custom properties, and input properties such as 'checked', 'disabled', 'indeterminate', 'label', and 'onChange'. No external data sources are explicitly accessed in the code.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs styled React components, applies inline styles, and injects CSS styles into the document head. No direct output of untrusted data is evident.",
  "flows": "Input properties (e.g., 'checked', 'disabled') influence styling and rendering of components; CSS variables are used for theming; no external network data flows are present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors observed. The only external data references are CSS variables for theming, which are standard. Background images are base64-encoded SVGs used for checkbox visuals, not malicious. No obfuscated code or hidden code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code sets CSS variables for theme colors and fonts, then defines styled-components for labels and checkboxes. It dynamically adjusts styles based on props like 'disabled', 'checked', and 'indeterminate'. It uses React hooks to manage style data but does not perform any external data fetching or network activity. The background images for checked and indeterminate states are base64-encoded SVGs, standard practice for custom checkboxes. There are no signs of code injection, data leaks, or malicious network activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React component implementation for styled checkboxes with theme support. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. It appears to be a benign, UI-focused code module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}