{
  "purpose": "The code sets up an Express middleware to collect metrics on API routes and optionally serve a metrics endpoint for Prometheus scraping. It also captures and processes route definitions to generate patterns for monitoring.",
  "sources": "Route definitions via 'listEndpoints', request URL and method via 'req.originalUrl' and 'req.method', request body for GraphQL query matching.",
  "sinks": "Metrics collection functions and console logging; no direct sink for untrusted data into system commands or network communication outside metrics endpoint.",
  "flows": "Route definitions are processed to create route patterns; incoming requests are normalized and matched against route patterns; metrics labels are transformed based on request data, including request body for GraphQL. Data flows from untrusted sources (request data) into metrics labels and route processing.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'url-pattern' for route pattern matching is typical, no obfuscated code present. The 'transformLabels' function extracts GraphQL operation names, which is a standard practice. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code are detected. The code dynamically adds route patterns and metrics without validation, but this is standard for such middleware.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically captures Express routes and creates URL patterns for monitoring purposes. It inspects request bodies for GraphQL queries to label metrics, which is common in monitoring GraphQL APIs. No indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, backdoors, or system manipulation are present. The metrics setup and route processing are straightforward. The only potential concern is the unvalidated use of request data for labeling, which could leak internal data if metrics are exposed insecurely, but this is not inherently malicious. The code does not perform any network operations other than metrics serving, and no sensitive data is being transmitted outside the metrics endpoint.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as an API monitoring middleware for Express applications, capturing route patterns and extracting GraphQL operation names for metrics. No malicious intent or suspicious behaviors are identified. The code is standard and safe for monitoring purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}