{
  "purpose": "The code sets up an Express middleware for monitoring API metrics using Prometheus, capturing and listing all routes, and creating a metrics server. It also processes route paths for normalization and pattern matching.",
  "sources": "Reads input from HTTP request URLs (req.url, req.originalUrl), request bodies (req.body), and route configurations (listEndpoints, route.path).",
  "sinks": "Uses the promBundle library to generate metrics, which could potentially process untrusted input for label transformation, though this appears controlled. No direct data leaks or external communications are evident.",
  "flows": "Input URLs and request bodies are processed for route matching and label extraction; route patterns are stored and used for normalization; metrics are collected and served via an Express endpoint.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs route pattern matching and dynamic label extraction, which could be misused if 'req.body.query' is manipulated to inject malicious regex or unexpected matches, but no evident malicious intent is present. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are found. The use of 'console.log' for route discovery is benign but could reveal route info in logs. No suspicious external network calls or data exfiltration evident.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a metrics collection system with route listing and pattern matching, using 'url-pattern' for route pattern objects. The 'transformLabels' function extracts GraphQL operation names from request bodies, which is a controlled, predictable pattern. Path normalization and route filtering are standard. No suspicious code behaviors, such as external data exfiltration, backdoors, or hardcoded secrets, are present. The only minor concern could be regex execution on 'req.body.query', but it is intended for label extraction and not malicious. Overall, the code is a typical monitoring middleware with no malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API metrics monitoring setup using Express, with route capturing and label transformation. No malicious intent, malware, or security risks are evident. The only potential concern is the regex execution on untrusted input, but it is for label extraction and not malicious by itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}