{
  "purpose": "This code sets up middleware for an Express.js application to collect and expose Prometheus metrics, capture and process route definitions, and handle metric server setup.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options from function parameters, reads request URLs and body data, and loads route definitions from express and URL pattern processing functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the metrics endpoint response, URL pattern matching, and label transformation for metrics. No direct data leaks or dangerous command executions are evident.",
  "flows": "Input data from HTTP request URLs and bodies are normalized and matched against route patterns. Label transformation extracts GraphQL method names from request bodies for metrics. Data flows into metrics collection and route processing.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are detected. The code performs standard metrics setup and route processing. There is an optional URL pattern maker, but it appears to be a legitimate hook. No obfuscated code or malicious logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code creates an express middleware to collect metrics via prom-client and prom-bundle, sets up a secondary server for metrics exposure, and processes route definitions to enable pattern matching. It extracts GraphQL query/mutation names for metrics labels, which is a common practice. The URL pattern processing relies on an external URL pattern maker or defaults to UrlPattern, both standard. The logic for normalizing paths and capturing routes appears benign. No indications of data exfiltration, command injection, or malicious behaviors are present. Overall, the code performs infrastructure and metrics functions with standard practices and no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for metrics collection and route capturing in an Express.js app. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data handling. It appears safe and legitimate for its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}