{
  "purpose": "The code provides a framework for designing and rendering graphical schemes with layers, objects, and user interaction management, primarily for a visual editor or diagram tool.",
  "sources": "Sources include event listeners on the canvas element for mouse, touch, and resize events; configuration functions for objects; and internal data accessors such as getObjectById, getObjectsBoundingRect, etc.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include direct DOM style modifications (setting cursor style, disabling selection), drawing on canvas (image data, rendering objects), and event dispatching (CustomEvent, initCustomEvent).",
  "flows": "Data flows from user input events (mouse, touch, resize) through event handlers to internal state updates, rendering functions, and event dispatches. Object interaction flows include retrieving objects based on coordinates, rendering them, and potentially modifying their states. Cache update flows involve recalculating and drawing cached images based on object changes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The code appears to use standard practices for rendering and event handling. All dynamic code is static, with no eval or similar functions. No suspicious network activity, system access, or file operations are detected. The only potential concern is the extensive use of event dispatching and rendering, which is typical for such frameworks, but could be exploited if embedded in malicious context, though no malicious intent is explicit.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of a scheme editor with layers, objects, event handling, caching, and zoom/scroll management. No evidence of malicious behavior such as network data exfiltration, reverse shells, or damage routines. All functions perform typical UI and graphics operations. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors are present. The event management is standard, and the code uses safe DOM and Canvas APIs. There are no hardcoded secrets, no suspicious external calls, or any behavior indicative of malware. The security risks are limited to normal UI framework concerns, such as potential XSS via event dispatching, but this is inherent to any web-based interactive tool.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured framework for graphical scheme editing with no malicious intent or malware signatures detected. It mainly manages rendering, object interaction, and UI events. No security risks requiring urgent review are identified beyond standard web application considerations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}