{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a syntax highlighting library, likely used for code formatting and display in web pages, particularly for pretty printing source code snippets.",
  "sources": "The code reads document elements, class names, and node values from the DOM, especially within <pre>, <code>, and <xmp> tags. It also reads the navigator user agent and window properties.",
  "sinks": "Manipulation of DOM elements (e.g., creating <SPAN> or <PRE> elements), modifying node values, and replacing or inserting text nodes for syntax highlighting. No direct untrusted data sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Input sources such as DOM nodes and class names flow into functions that generate syntax-highlighted HTML, which then modifies DOM nodes. The code processes HTML snippets for display without sending data externally.",
  "anomalies": "The code is highly obfuscated with extensive nested functions, dynamic regex generation, and complex logic. It includes some code comments indicating 'nocode' classes and regex handling, which could be for syntax highlighting. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No network requests or suspicious external connections are observed.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive syntax highlighter, involving complex regex constructions and DOM manipulations to parse and highlight code snippets. It defines functions for tokenizing code, handling various languages, and applying styles. No code indicating network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors is present. Its obfuscation appears to be for compression and minification purposes, not malicious intent. The code's purpose is to enhance code readability on web pages. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data theft, system modification, or external communications.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a syntax highlighting library for prettifying source code in web pages. It contains no malicious behavior, external network calls, or backdoors. Its obfuscated appearance is typical of minified library code and does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}