{
  "purpose": "The script defines a Grunt task to convert SVG icons into webfonts and generate associated stylesheets, demo pages, and custom outputs.",
  "sources": "Input data includes SVG files from specified paths, configuration options, and templates. It reads files such as SVG icons, templates, and optional codepoints files. It also reads package.json for version info.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include writing font files, stylesheets, HTML demo pages, codepoints files, and cache hashes. It also writes embedded fonts as data URIs, and deletes font files after embedding.",
  "flows": "Source SVG files are read and hashed to detect changes. Font files are generated and optionally converted to WOFF2. CSS/stylesheet files are generated from templates using glyph data and codepoints. Hashes are stored and compared to avoid regeneration. Custom outputs and demo pages are also generated from templates.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors detected. Use of 'require' for modules and reading/writing files is standard. No obfuscated code or suspicious network connections are present. The embedFont function removes font files after embedding, but this is typical for data URIs. No attempts at reverse shells, unauthorized data exfiltration, or malicious domain connections are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code thoroughly handles font and stylesheet generation with standard Node.js and Grunt practices. It uses hashes to detect changes, reads and writes files securely, and processes templates with proper error handling. No malicious patterns or malicious payloads are evident. All external modules are common dependencies. The code does not perform any network operations or system modifications outside file handling. The removal of font files after embedding is standard practice for data URIs. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate build tool for icon fonts with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a well-structured Grunt task for converting SVG icons to webfonts, with proper file handling, templating, and caching mechanisms. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are detected. It is safe to use based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}