{
  "purpose": "This code is a higher-order component (HOC) for React Native that adds animation capabilities to a wrapped component, primarily handling progress and rotation animations for UI elements like loaders or spinners.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from component props (e.g., progress, indeterminate, direction, indeterminateAnimationDuration) and from internal Animated.Value instances. It also listens to animation value changes via addListener.",
  "sinks": "The code updates animated values and sets their values or triggers animations; no direct data sinks or external data transmission occurs within this code.",
  "flows": "Inputs from props (progress, indeterminate, direction) influence internal animated values. These animated values are used to animate the wrapped component via props. No external data flow or untrusted input to system or network detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. Usage of animation functions aligns with React Native conventions. No obfuscated code, malicious network calls, or data leaks identified.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a React higher-order component that manages animated progress and rotation states for a wrapped component, with control over indeterminate states and animation durations. It utilizes React Native's Animated API to animate progress and rotation. No external data transmission, network connections, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code does not manipulate environment variables, execute dynamic code, or perform any file or system modifications. Its logic is standard for UI animation management, and it does not include malicious or harmful behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard React Native HOC for animations, with no malicious intent or suspicious activity detected. It handles UI animations responsibly without any signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}