{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a module for managing and rendering JavaScript, HTML, CSS, JSON, and scenario source files for testing or demo purposes, with functions to add sources, dependencies, and generate HTML views.",
  "sources": "Input data includes 'scenarios' parameter in the constructor, 'name' and 'content' parameters in addSource(), and internal state variables such as usedIds and makeUnique.",
  "sinks": "Generated HTML content with embedded scripts/styles, and the concatenation of source IDs and contents into HTML templates for display.",
  "flows": "Sources (scenarios, source files) are added via methods, IDs are generated and stored, and content is injected into HTML templates for rendering. Data flows from input parameters into internal storage and then into output HTML structures.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. Usage of 'eval'-like patterns is minimal; source content is directly embedded into HTML, which is normal for such a tool. The code manages IDs and dependencies carefully to avoid conflicts. No external network calls or data exfiltration methods are present. The code appears to be a benign source management and rendering utility.",
  "analysis": "The code manages source files for demo/scenario purposes, with mechanisms to assign unique IDs, track dependencies, and generate HTML representations. No code injection, network operations, or security-sensitive functions are detected. It correctly separates source management from rendering. The functions perform string concatenation for HTML output, which is standard for such modules. No obfuscation or malware-like patterns are present. The overall structure and behavior are consistent with a testing or documentation tool, with no signs of malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign source file manager and HTML renderer for testing/demonstration purposes. There are no malicious behaviors, backdoors, or security risks detected. The code is well-structured for its intended use, with no suspicious signals.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}