{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be an auto-generated bundle index exporting various modules, components, directives, and services related to a material table library in Angular.",
  "sources": "The code primarily sources are './public_api' and various internal module, component, pipe, and service files within the library directories.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks could include exports that load components or services, but none explicitly handle untrusted input or data. No sinks that perform network requests, eval, or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "There are no evident data flow paths involving untrusted sources leading to sensitive sinks. The code is purely re-exporting modules and components, typical for an Angular library bundle.",
  "anomalies": "The comment indicates 'Generated bundle index. Do not edit.', which is standard for build artifacts. All exported identifiers and modules appear to be standard Angular library components and services. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or suspicious patterns are detected. The presence of large export statements and source map comment is consistent with a typical library bundle.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified or compiled output containing only export statements of various Angular modules, components, and services. It does not contain executable logic, input handling, or network operations. The structure and content are typical of auto-generated library bundles. No suspicious or malicious code, such as network calls, code injections, or backdoors, are evident. The comment at the top clarifies that this is a generated bundle index, reducing the likelihood of obfuscation or malicious intent. The overall pattern suggests a benign, well-structured library package.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard auto-generated Angular library bundle index, exporting modules, components, pipes, and services related to material table functionality. It does not contain any signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. Its purpose is to facilitate module imports in Angular projects without exposing or executing any sensitive or harmful code.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}