{
  "purpose": "The code defines an Angular calendar component with various customizable templates and event handling mechanisms for displaying a calendar in different modes (month, week, day).",
  "sources": "Input properties for configuration (e.g., eventSource, locale, format strings), event emitters for interaction (e.g., onRangeChanged, onEventSelected), and the Angular component's lifecycle hooks.",
  "sinks": "Event emitters that send data back to parent components; possibly external functions invoked via inputs like markDisabled; and template rendering sections.",
  "flows": "Data flows from inputs into component properties; user interactions trigger event emitters; internal service subscriptions update currentDate; and templates display event data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or suspicious strings. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or file system access is present. Usage of templates and data-binding appears standard. The locale input is directly assigned from injected LOCALE_ID but is not used to perform any unsafe operation. No signs of obfuscated code or malicious overrides.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical Angular component with structured inputs, outputs, and internal state management. It utilizes services, event emitters, and templates properly. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections, or code injection. All external data sources are inputs, and there are no dynamic evals or unsafe evaluations. The component's purpose is solely UI rendering and event handling within a calendar context. The 'locale' parameter is used for localization purposes without any apparent malicious side-effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard Angular calendar component without any malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It leverages common Angular patterns for data binding, event handling, and template rendering. No malicious or sabotage code elements are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}