{
  "purpose": "The code defines a DetectionService class for performing face detection on images via a remote API endpoint.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters (image_path, localOptions), object properties (server, port, options, key), and imported functions (common_functions, upload).",
  "sinks": "The upload function likely transmits data over the network, and get_full_url/add_options_to_url manipulate URL strings, which could lead to data leakage if misused. The 'key' property may be used for authorization.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (image_path, options) flow through the upload function call, which communicates with an external server via constructed URL. The URL is built using user-configurable options and imported URL functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors detected. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of a face detection API client. The only minor concern is that the 'key' property is passed to upload but not validated or sanitized.",
  "analysis": "The class constructor initializes with server details and an API key. The detect() method constructs a URL by combining base URL, server info, and options. It then calls the upload function with the image path, URL, and key. The URL construction relies on imported functions, which seem standard. No suspicious or malicious code patterns, such as data exfiltration, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors, are present. The code handles promises correctly and does not execute any dynamic code or eval statements. The only potential concern is the handling of the 'key', which if hardcoded or exposed elsewhere, could be a security risk, but within this snippet, it appears standard.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate client for an image detection API. No malicious behaviors, backdoors, or security issues are evident. The design is straightforward and does not include any suspicious or malicious logic.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}