{
  "purpose": "This code implements a CSS preprocessor plugin for managing media query breakpoints, allowing simplified syntax for defining media queries based on device widths.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'style' parameter passed into the exported function, specifically from style.rules, which represents a stylesheet's rules and declarations.",
  "sinks": "There are no obvious sinks involving untrusted data processing such as network requests, file system access, or code execution. The code primarily manipulates stylesheet rules and media queries.",
  "flows": "Data flows from style.rules into the rules() function, which extracts and processes declarations and media rules. Breakpoint and option data are stored internally, then applied to media rules via string replacements.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs standard parsing and processing of CSS-like rules. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. No dynamic code execution or external network activity is detected. The function clean() resets internal states; no suspicious obfuscation or code manipulation is visible. No anomalies indicative of malicious intent are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The script parses CSS rules to identify custom breakpoint options and breakpoints defined via properties. It supports syntax with 'min'/'max' and pixel/em/rem units, storing these configurations internally. The apply() function constructs media queries based on the parsed breakpoints and updates media rule objects with appropriate media query strings. All operations involve straightforward data parsing, validation, and string manipulation. No external network calls, file operations, or code injections are performed. The code's structure and logic are consistent with a CSS media query helper module, with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a media query management utility that processes CSS rules to generate media queries dynamically. It performs safe, intended functions without any malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious behavior. No security risks or malware indications are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}