{
  "purpose": "The code provides a CSS media query handling utility that manages breakpoints and media rules for responsive design by parsing CSS rules and generating media queries based on defined breakpoints.",
  "sources": "The code reads input CSS rules via the 'style' parameter, specifically 'style.rules'. It processes declarations within these rules, and accesses properties such as 'property' and 'value' of declarations.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies 'media' properties of rules stored in 'mediaRules'. It also throws errors in case of duplicate breakpoints. No external network or system interaction is evident.",
  "flows": "Input data (CSS rules) are parsed to identify breakpoints and options, which are stored internally. These are then used to generate media query strings that are injected into media rules, modifying their 'media' property.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code performs standard CSS parsing and media query generation. It uses regular expressions for matching, which is typical for such tasks. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script processes CSS rules to identify custom breakpoint options and breakpoint definitions, removing such declarations from the original CSS. It collects media rules for later modification. Breakpoints can be defined with special syntax indicating min/max types and pixel/em/rem units. The code validates these syntax rules and computes appropriate media query strings, which are then injected into existing media rules. No external network activity, data leakage, or system modification occurs. The logic appears to be solely concerned with CSS media query management, with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility for managing CSS media queries based on user-defined breakpoints, with no evidence of malicious intent or harmful behavior. It does not perform any network activity, data theft, or system modification. Its operations are confined to parsing, validating, and generating CSS media rules.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}