{
  "final": {
    "purpose": "The code implements a comprehensive web-based audio synthesis framework with dynamic script loading, worker management, and musical data processing. It facilitates real-time audio generation, envelope control, and modular filtering, primarily for music or sound design applications.",
    "sources": "User inputs, environment variables, message events, and embedded scripts (notably base64-encoded code for worker setup).",
    "sinks": "PostMessage channels to web workers, Web Audio API nodes, and buffer data streams. No external data exfiltration detected.",
    "flows": "Data flows from user inputs and message events into buffers and processing modules, then outputs via Web Audio API and message passing. Dynamic code loads via Blob URLs and base64 scripts influence worker creation and behavior.",
    "anomalies": "Presence of large base64-encoded scripts loaded into workers, extensive dynamic code generation, and heavy obfuscation in parts of the codebase. These patterns can be exploited for malicious purposes if tampered with.",
    "analysis": "The core code appears to be a legitimate, complex audio synthesis system with features like envelopes, filters, and modular components. The embedded base64 scripts and dynamic code execution pathways are standard in advanced web audio applications but also serve as vectors for supply chain attacks or malicious payloads if compromised. The high obfuscation levels and dynamic script creation increase the attack surface. No explicit malicious activity (e.g., data exfiltration, backdoors) is evident, but the mechanisms used warrant cautious review.",
    "conclusion": "While the code's primary functions are legitimate, the use of embedded base64 scripts, dynamic Blob URL creation, and message-based code execution introduce significant security risks. These features could be exploited for malicious purposes if the embedded scripts are altered or if message inputs are compromised. The overall malware score should be elevated to reflect these risks, and the obfuscation score remains high due to minification and dynamic code. The security risk is moderate to high, requiring further scrutiny of embedded scripts and message handling pathways.",
    "confidence": 0.8,
    "obfuscated": 0.7,
    "malware": 0.6,
    "securityRisk": 0.6
  },
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}