{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for computing and manipulating arcs, circles, and curves based on input points, mainly for geometric and graphical applications, such as rendering arcs and converting curves to coordinate arrays.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters: 'points' array in arcFromPoints, 'arcPoints' in arcPointsToCoords, and various nested data structures in other functions.",
  "sinks": "No data sinks such as network requests, file writes, or system calls are present. No untrusted data is sent outside the module.",
  "flows": "Input points are processed through mathematical computations to derive circle centers, radii, and angles. These are used to generate coordinate points along arcs or curves. No external data flows to untrusted sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behavior detected. The code performs straightforward geometric calculations. No obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic execution, or misleading variables are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code accurately computes circle parameters from three points, handles special cases like coincident points, and generates points along arcs with configurable steps. It includes functions for regularizing midpoints and converting curves into coordinate arrays or GeoJSON formats, primarily for UI or visualization purposes. No external calls, network activity, or system modifications are observed. The logic is mathematically sound, and no security-sensitive operations are present. The code appears to be purely geometric and visualization-oriented, with no malicious intent or harmful behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard geometric utility library for arcs and curves, with no indications of malicious behavior, security risks, or malware. It performs expected mathematical operations without external side effects or data leaks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}