{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JavaScript class for controlling a camera via HTTP requests, including movement commands, capturing snapshots, and streaming video.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include constructor parameters (host, user, password) used to build request URLs, and URL parameters for commands and media retrieval.",
  "sinks": "HTTP GET requests to camera URLs; network responses (responses and streams); potential error handling paths.",
  "flows": "Constructor parameters set URL credentials; methods generate URLs with user credentials and commands; requests send to camera; responses checked for 'ok.\n' or data buffers; media streams handled via HTTP responses.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials; URL construction is parameterized; no suspicious or malicious URLs; no obfuscated code, no unusual dynamic code execution or hidden behaviors. The use of request-promise-native and http modules is standard. The ping function measures response time but does not leak data or execute code outside intent.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly implements camera control functions with clear separation of URL building and request handling. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious URL domains are present. The functions perform expected tasks: sending control commands and retrieving media streams or snapshots. The network interactions are straightforward, and error handling is appropriately implemented for network errors. No signs of data exfiltration, malicious code, or backdoors are present. The design appears intended for legitimate camera control purposes without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured camera control module without any malicious behavior or security risks. It handles inputs and outputs securely with parameterized URL generation. No malware or malicious signals are detected. It is safe for use based on this review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}