{
  "purpose": "This code is a Rollup configuration script used to bundle a JavaScript source file ('src/aframe-brownian-motion.js') into both a regular and a minified version, with plugins to resolve dependencies, convert CommonJS modules, strip documentation comments, and minify the output.",
  "sources": "The code reads the source file 'src/aframe-brownian-motion.js' and external dependency 'three'. It also loads plugins for module resolution, CommonJS conversion, stripping comments, and minification.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the output files 'build/aframe-brownian-motion.js' and 'build/aframe-brownian-motion.min.js'. No other data sinks or network operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input source file flows through plugins: resolve() and commonjs() process modules, strip() removes documentation comments, and terser() minifies the code. The processed code is then written to output files. No untrusted data flows are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies detected. The code contains commented-out replace plugins, but they are inactive. There are no hardcoded credentials, unusual code constructs, or suspicious behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard Rollup configuration with plugins used for bundling, dependency resolution, comment stripping, and minification. It processes a single source file with an external dependency on 'three'. The inclusion of strip() to remove documentation comments suggests attention to clean output. The minified build uses terser() for code compression. There are no signs of obfuscated, malicious, or suspicious code segments. No network operations, data leaks, or backdoors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical build configuration script with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It performs standard bundling tasks for a JavaScript library, with no suspicious patterns or anomalies detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}