{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React Native component 'SceneLoader' used to display a customizable loading indicator with optional animations and overlays.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component props such as 'visible', 'animation', 'indicatorProps', 'customIndicator', and 'customUnderlay'. It also uses Dimensions to obtain screen width and height.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include rendering custom components passed via props, starting animations, and rendering overlay views. It does not write to the file system or network directly.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props ('visible', 'animation', 'customIndicator', 'customUnderlay') into rendering logic and animation control. When 'visible' changes, the component triggers animations and updates internal state to show/hide the loader. Custom components are invoked during rendering, and animated styles are derived from props and state.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. No evidence of data leakage, system manipulation, or hidden network activity. It performs standard UI animation logic. The code validates animation names against a set and throws errors on unknown animations, which is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a React Native loader component with customizable indicators and overlay styles, supporting animations like fade, slide from top/bottom/left/right. It uses React lifecycle methods to manage visibility and animations. No unusual or malicious code patterns are present. It does not perform network requests, system modifications, or access sensitive data. The structure appears standard for a React Native component, and there are no obfuscation indicators or malicious behaviors. The only notable aspect is strict validation of animation names, ensuring only predefined animations are used.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign React Native component for displaying a loading overlay with animations. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It performs expected UI rendering and animation control without side effects or suspicious actions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}