{
  "purpose": "This code performs a deployment of a plugin version by reading a ZIP file, generating a cryptographic signature, and sending a multipart/form-data POST request to the Freemius API with the deployment data.",
  "sources": "The code reads the ZIP file from disk via fsPromises.readFile, and uses options for secret keys and IDs supplied externally.",
  "sinks": "The code sends an HTTP POST request to https://api.freemius.com with the signed authorization header and ZIP file buffer, which could potentially leak secrets if misused, but in this context is standard API communication.",
  "flows": "The ZIP file buffer flows from disk read into the request payload; the secret key and IDs flow into the HMAC signature generation; the signature and metadata flow into the HTTP headers; the request flows to the external API endpoint.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code are present. The code performs standard cryptographic signing and API request operations.",
  "analysis": "The code validates the file extension, reads the ZIP file, constructs a string to sign including method, headers, timestamp, and resource URL, then signs it with HMAC SHA256 using the provided secret key. The signature is encoded in base64url, and an Authorization header is constructed. It then sends a multipart/form-data POST request with the ZIP file buffer and deployment options. Response handling distinguishes success from errors. The code uses standard practices without obfuscation or malicious behavior. No hardcoded secrets are present; all sensitive data is supplied via options. The cryptographic process is correct and secure. The request is properly formed, and response handling is appropriate.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured deployment utility that performs cryptographic signing and API communication securely. There are no signs of malware, obfuscation, or security risks. The assigned malware score of 0, obfuscated score of 0, and low security risk (~0.1-0.2) are appropriate given the code's functionality and context.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}