{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebSocket client for a service called 'Tutti', enabling interaction with a remote server, sending commands, loading files, and handling messages.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include network data received via socket, local file system reads (fs.readFile), and command arguments. External inputs come from network, file system, and function arguments.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are socket.write (sending data over network), fs.readFile (reading local files), and process.exit (terminating process). Encoded data sent over the network could carry malicious payloads if misused.",
  "flows": "Input data from network or files flows into decoding/parsing functions, then through message handling, potentially resulting in network transmissions (send) or process termination (exit). Commands from eval/load methods are sent via socket.write.",
  "anomalies": "The code generates random keys using Math.random() for WebSocket handshake headers, which is insecure but not malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network connections are evident. The use of custom encoding/decoding is unusual but not malicious. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a WebSocket-like client using raw TCP sockets, with custom message encoding and decoding. It manages states for connection, login, and message handling. It allows remote command evaluation, file loading, and control commands like reset, wait, exit, and disconnect. The network activity is explicitly for connecting to a specified server URL, with no signs of data exfiltration, command-and-control channels, or suspicious external connections. No malicious or sabotage code is apparent. The randomness source (Math.random()) for security keys is weak but not malicious. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate WebSocket client implementation designed for remote interaction with a server called 'Tutti.' It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. Its use of weak randomness for WebSocket handshake keys is a security concern but not malicious. Overall, the package appears benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}