{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be part of a plotting or charting library, specifically for managing axis handles within a graphical plot, allowing user interactions such as dragging handles.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from event objects (e.g., pageX, pageY, button states), DOM element attributes, and configuration objects (e.g., orientation, axisIndex). It also retrieves plot offsets and options.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe operations include triggering custom events, manipulating DOM elements (e.g., creating, removing, updating thumbs), and handling user input events. No direct data leaks are evident, but event dispatching could be exploited if untrusted code listens to these events.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data from user interactions (mouse/touch events) flows through functions handling thumb movements and is used to update the graphical UI; custom events are dispatched during these interactions. No evidence of data transmission or external communication.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains verbose logging to console for invalid orientations and axis indices, which is typical debugging. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code behavior detected. The code heavily manipulates UI elements and handles events but without malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The script is a plugin module for a plotting library, adding interactive axis handles. It defines functions for initializing handles, constraining movement, handling user input events (mouse/touch), updating handle positions, and managing their visibility. The code employs standard event handling, DOM manipulation, and plotting context updates. No evidence of malicious actions like data exfiltration, system modification, or network communication is present. The code does not obfuscate logic or employ suspicious techniques; it's typical for a graphical UI component.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard plugin for interactive plot axis handles, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It focuses on UI interactions and plotting adjustments, with no evidence of malware, data leaks, or sabotage. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}