{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to retrieve wallet balances for native and non-native tokens on Ethereum and Solana blockchains, including utility functions for token address resolution based on network and RPC URL.",
  "sources": "User inputs such as wallet addresses, provider objects, chain IDs, and RPC URLs; external utility functions like getABIFile and getCurrencyAddress; blockchain connection data from the network and provider.",
  "sinks": "Data returned to calling functions; balance data used for display or further processing.",
  "flows": "Input addresses and RPC URLs are used to connect to blockchains and fetch balances. Wallet addresses are read from provider objects. RPC URLs influence token address selection. Retrieved balances flow back to the caller.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets present. External RPC URLs are used for network configuration, which is standard. No suspicious code patterns, obfuscated code, or unusual behaviors detected. Functions appear to perform standard blockchain balance queries.",
  "analysis": "The code utilizes standard blockchain SDKs (ethers.js and @solana/web3.js) to fetch wallet balances for Ethereum and Solana tokens. It includes utility functions to determine token addresses based on network or custom RPC URLs, which is typical for multi-network support. Balance retrieval functions are straightforward, with try-catch blocks to handle errors gracefully. No dynamic code execution, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. No sensitive data or credentials are hardcoded. External dependencies are used for token ABI and address resolution, which are standard practices. The functions do not perform any malicious actions or data leaks. The code is structured to perform legitimate balance queries without side effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be legitimate, intended for fetching wallet balances across multiple blockchains. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration detected. It is a standard blockchain interaction module with appropriate error handling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}