{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React component for an animated 3D card with interactive effects based on mouse movement, primarily for UI/UX enhancement.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the DOM (via document.querySelector) and from React props (such as make3d, config, idKey). It also accesses window.innerWidth and window.innerHeight for calculations.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies DOM element styles directly (style.transition and style.transform), which are controlled internally and not based on external untrusted input, and does not appear to send data externally.",
  "flows": "User mouse movement triggers style updates on DOM elements based on computed x and y axes. Props influence behavior but are not used in unsafe ways. No external data flows or network communications are observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code manipulates DOM styles directly for visual effects but does not handle external inputs insecurely. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The use of document.querySelector with dynamically constructed IDs is typical for React component initialization. No obfuscation or malicious patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component that handles mouse events to create a 3D animation effect by adjusting style.transform and style.transition of specific DOM elements. It uses props for configuration, including make3d and a config object. It dynamically queries DOM elements on mount, which is common in such effects. No network requests, code injections, or data exfiltration are present. No suspicious code, backdoors, or malicious behavior are detected. The logic is purely visual and interactive.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a benign React component for UI animation purposes. It does not contain malware, malicious behaviors, or security risks. It performs DOM manipulations based on user interaction for aesthetic effects. No malicious intent or security vulnerabilities are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}