{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Grunt task to automate FTP uploads of git-committed files to a remote server based on git revision info and configuration in a JSON file.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data from a JSON file, retrieves git revision info via shell commands, reads local file system to identify files for upload, and executes FTP commands to upload files.",
  "sinks": "Uses FTP client to connect and upload files to a remote server, and executes shell commands for git operations.",
  "flows": "Configuration data is read from JSON; git revision info flows from shell commands; local file system info flows from fs methods; FTP uploads occur after data flows from local file system to FTP client; shell command outputs flow into process logic.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically extends Array.prototype, which can be risky but is common in JavaScript. No hardcoded credentials are found; sensitive data is retrieved from configuration files. No obfuscated or minified code present. No suspicious external network connections or data leaks detected. No use of dynamic code execution or eval. Error handling is straightforward, mainly logging errors. No backdoors, credential theft, or system damage behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The script is a legitimate Grunt task for automating FTP uploads based on git commits. It reads configuration from a JSON file, executes git commands via shell to identify changed files, and uploads files via FTP. It uses standard modules and methods, with no signs of obfuscated or malicious code. There are no suspicious network connections beyond the intended FTP upload. The code does not handle or transmit sensitive data outside the scope of file uploads, and no hardcoded secrets are visible. The dynamic array extension and use of shell commands are noted but not malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a controlled automation tool without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate automation script for FTP deployment linked to git commits. No malicious behaviors, backdoors, or security risks are detected. It functions as intended for deployment automation, with no signs of malware or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}