{
  "purpose": "The code automates FTP deployment based on Git commits, fetching configuration details, executing Git commands to identify changed files, creating remote directories, and uploading files via FTP. It facilitates streamlined deployment workflows.",
  "sources": "Reads FTP credentials from external JSON configuration files; executes Git commands via child_process.exec; reads local file system for changed files; interacts with FTP server through 'ftp' module.",
  "sinks": "Uses child_process.exec to run Git commands; FTP upload functions that send files over network; reading credentials from external files; potential for command injection if inputs are manipulated, but unlikely in controlled environment.",
  "flows": "Configuration data flows from JSON files into internal variables; Git commands generate commit hashes and file lists; file paths flow from local file system to FTP upload functions; credentials flow from config to FTP connection setup.",
  "anomalies": "Extension of Array.prototype with a remove method is unconventional and could cause conflicts, but is not malicious. No obfuscation or minification detected. No hardcoded secrets or malicious code present.",
  "analysis": "The script performs standard deployment tasks: reading configuration, executing Git commands to identify changed files, creating remote directories, and uploading files via FTP. It handles credentials externally, avoiding hardcoding. The use of child_process.exec for Git commands is typical but should be used cautiously if inputs are untrusted; here, inputs are from trusted config files. The extension of Array.prototype is unconventional but not malicious. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration are present. The code's structure and logic are straightforward, with error handling primarily for missing configs and command errors. Overall, the code is a typical deployment utility with low security risk and no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard FTP deployment script integrated with Git. It does not contain malware, obfuscation, or malicious behavior. The scores assigned—malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: 0.2—are appropriate and consistent with the analysis. No modifications are necessary.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}