{
  "purpose": "This plugin processes CSS declarations to evaluate simple trigonometric expressions within the CSS values, specifically handling 'sin', 'cos', and 'tan' functions with degree or PI notation.",
  "sources": "The code reads CSS declaration values via 'decl.value', specifically targeting those containing trigonometric function calls.",
  "sinks": "The modified CSS declaration 'decl.value' after replacement with evaluated trigonometric results.",
  "flows": "Input CSS values containing trig functions -> pattern match with 'trigPattern' -> replace matches with evaluated numeric results via 'eavlMath' -> assign back to 'decl.value'.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are present. The 'eavlMath' function processes input parameters to evaluate trigonometric functions but does so solely within the scope of the plugin's logic. The regex and math operations are standard. No external network connections, data leaks, or obfuscation are detected. The code appears straightforward and well-structured.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a PostCSS plugin that searches for trig functions in CSS values and replaces them with computed numerical results. The 'trigPattern' regex identifies calls like 'sin(30deg)' or 'cos(PI/2)'. The 'eavlMath' function converts degrees or PI notation to radians and computes the trig function, formatting the result to a specified precision. There are no indications of malicious intent, hidden code, or data exfiltration. The logic is self-contained and focused on CSS value transformation. No external network or system access occurs. The code does not appear obfuscated or malicious; it performs a benign transformation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, purpose-specific PostCSS plugin for evaluating trig functions within CSS values. It contains no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It operates solely on CSS data, with no external interactions or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}