{
  "purpose": "This plugin processes CSS declarations to evaluate trigonometric functions (sin, cos, tan) with specified units (degrees, PI multiples) and replaces these functions with computed numerical values.",
  "sources": "The code reads CSS declaration values via root.walkDecls and regex pattern matching to identify trig functions.",
  "sinks": "The replacement of matched trig function expressions with their computed numeric values could affect the CSS output, but does not directly impact system security or data leakage.",
  "flows": "From CSS declaration values (sources) through regex matching and evaluation in eavlMath, resulting in updated declaration values (sinks).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors detected. The evaluation function processes input to produce numerical output; it includes error handling to return original input if parsing fails. No use of dynamic code execution, external network calls, or data exfiltration. The code performs predictable calculations with no side effects.",
  "analysis": "The plugin parses CSS declaration values to identify trigonometric functions with specific patterns. It converts units like degrees or PI multiples into radians for calculations. The function eavlMath safely evaluates the trig functions, with error handling that defaults to original input. The overall structure is straightforward, performing string replacement after regex detection. No obfuscated or malicious code is present. The code's purpose is purely computational and does not include any malicious behaviors such as network activity, file access, or data exfiltration.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a CSS processing plugin that evaluates trigonometric functions within CSS values. It contains no malicious intent, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. It is a benign, purpose-specific utility for CSS preprocessing.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}