{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of React hooks and utility functions for use in a JavaScript/React project, including functionalities like state management, event handling, clipboard interactions, media queries, and other hooks intended to enhance React component behavior.",
  "sources": "Reads data from environment (e.g., window, document), React component props and state, cookies (via js-cookie), and external DOM elements through refs.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe interactions include setting and removing cookies, clipboard operations, event listeners, and DOM modifications. These are standard for React hooks, not inherently malicious.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., from clipboard, environment, DOM events) flows into React state or DOM modifications. No suspicious data flow patterns such as exfiltration or command execution are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a large collection of React hooks with very long, complex functions and minimal comments. The minified source map comment suggests this code was bundled/minified but does not indicate obfuscation or malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious external network calls are present. No unusual code constructs or patterns that resemble malware behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive React hooks library, providing utility hooks for state, effect, event handling, cookies, clipboard, intersection observers, media queries, etc. It uses standard React hooks and web APIs, with no indication of malicious activities like network exfiltration, system tampering, or hidden backdoors. The minified source map comment at the end confirms minification but not obfuscation or malicious intent. There are no hardcoded credentials, external malicious network requests, or code that performs data theft or system damage. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, utility-based React hooks library with no malicious signals.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a collection of React utility hooks and functions, with no evident malicious behavior or security risks. The complexity and minification are typical for bundled library code, not suspicious. It can be considered safe from a supply chain security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}