{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define a collection of React hooks and utility functions, primarily for UI effects, state management, and browser feature detection. It is designed to facilitate common frontend tasks such as event handling, layout effects, clipboard operations, and intersection observation.",
  "sources": "Reads data from environment (e.g., window, document), URL (for location), and React component refs. Uses 'js-cookie' library for cookie management. No explicit external input sources like network requests are present.",
  "sinks": "Uses cookies (via js-cookie), DOM manipulation (adding/removing event listeners, setting favicon), and console logs. No data is transmitted externally or written to system files.",
  "flows": "No evident source-to-sink malicious data flows. Data flows involve React state hooks, refs, and browser APIs, all standard for frontend React code. No network or file system interactions that could be malicious.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive use of React hooks for layout effects, event listeners, and DOM manipulation, but no suspicious patterns like obfuscated code, hidden network requests, or backdoors. The minified nature of the file might suggest build optimization but not obfuscation. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. The code includes verbose, auto-generated-looking hook definitions but nothing inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a large bundle of React hooks and utility functions aimed at UI management. It includes functions for cookie management, clipboard operations, layout effects, intersection observers, and event listeners. The implementation is consistent with standard React development practices. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious network activity. The code’s minified state indicates production build, not obfuscation. No suspicious external calls, backdoors, or malware patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a React hooks library with typical utility functions. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is a standard, well-structured frontend utility module. The overall security risk is low, and no malicious intent is apparent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}