{
  "purpose": "This code defines and exports a React hook library with various utility hooks for managing state, effects, event listeners, cookies, clipboard, and other browser-related functionalities.",
  "sources": "The code reads from environment variables, the window object, document, and navigator (for user agent and clipboard access). It also accesses cookies via js-cookie and uses React hooks that may receive external inputs.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting cookies, copying to clipboard, adding event listeners (which can be manipulated via inputs), and modifying document elements and styles.",
  "flows": "Data flows from inputs like environment variables, user interactions (mouse, resize, etc.), and potentially from external data (props or context passed into hooks), to actions like setting cookies, copying text, or reacting to DOM events.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures are apparent. The code is minified but appears to be a standard React hooks utility library. The minification makes static analysis difficult but does not necessarily indicate malicious obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code begins by defining a Universal Module Definition (UMD) wrapper, allowing it to be used in various module systems. It then imports React, tempus, and js-cookie modules safely with fallback mechanisms. The core functions implement React hooks like useState, useEffect, useLayoutEffect, useRef, and custom hooks for cookie management, clipboard copying, media queries, resize observer, and event listeners. These hooks are common utility functions. No code indicates network activity, data exfiltration, or other malicious actions. All functionalities are standard browser and React utilities. The minified nature of the code hampers static analysis but does not inherently imply malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React hook utility library with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It provides useful hooks for React applications and does not include any suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. Given the context, the likelihood of malicious intent is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}