{
  "purpose": "The code provides an AES encryption/decryption utility class that manages encryption/decryption processes with randomly generated IVs on first use.",
  "sources": "Input data to encryptData and decryptData methods, specifically the 'data' parameter in each method.",
  "sinks": "Output buffers returned by encryptData and decryptData methods, which could contain sensitive encrypted or decrypted data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through encryption/decryption processes, with the IV for encryption being generated randomly and prepended to encrypted data; decryption extracts IV from the beginning of input data.",
  "anomalies": "The code only generates a new IV during the first encryption, which may lead to security issues if multiple encryptions are expected with fresh IVs. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code observed. The design pattern is typical, but the IV management could be insecure if misused.",
  "analysis": "The class manages AES encryption with IVs generated randomly at the first encryption call, which is a common secure practice if IVs are properly handled. During decryption, it extracts the IV from the start of the data. No malicious code or obfuscation present. The use of crypto.randomBytes ensures secure IV generation. No external data is read besides method input; no network or file operations are involved. The code seems to implement a standard cryptographic pattern, with the caveat that IVs are only generated once, which could be a security concern if multiple encryptions are used without reinitialization. There are no signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a standard AES encryption/decryption utility with proper IV handling during the first encryption and decryption. There are no indications of malicious behavior or malware. However, the IV management approach could be insecure if multiple encryptions are performed without resetting the process, but this is not inherently malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a typical cryptographic utility with no malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 1
}