{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for probability calculations and a LootTable class to generate loot based on predefined probabilities and weights.",
  "sources": "Input data includes loot definitions, pool configurations, and parameters passed to functions like loot(), which are provided externally during execution.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are functions that could generate or manipulate data based on untrusted input, such as coin_flip() and dice_roll(), but they use internal randomness (Math.random()) and do not handle untrusted external data directly.",
  "flows": "Data flows from loot definitions and parameters into probabilistic functions like coin_flip and dice_roll; these influence loot item selection and counts within the loot() method. There are no external data flows into sensitive system areas or network communications.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors are present. The functions mainly perform mathematical calculations for probability and loot generation. No obfuscated code or hidden logic detected. The use of Math.random() is standard for randomness but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code includes multiple utility functions for array handling, iteration, and mathematical operations, primarily to support probabilistic loot generation. The LootTable class manages loot pools with weighted or probabilistic item selection, incorporating validation and sorting. No external data, network access, or system manipulation is present. Math.random() is used for randomness, which is typical. No signs of malicious behavior like data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful system modifications. The code appears to be a legitimate utility for game or simulation loot mechanics.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard probabilistic loot generator with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs expected operations for loot distribution using random functions and maintains safe practices. There are no suspicious data leaks, network activity, or malicious payloads. The security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}