{
  "purpose": "This module is a Grunt task for converting SVG icons into webfonts and generating corresponding stylesheets and demo pages.",
  "sources": "Reads SVG files from file paths, reads templates, reads codepoints from files, reads configuration options, reads package.json for version, reads font files during conversion.",
  "sinks": "Writes font files (TTF, WOFF2, CSS, HTML), writes codepoints to files, writes hashes to cache files, deletes font files after embedding, reads templates and font files.",
  "flows": "Source SVG files are hashed and checked against cache; font files are generated; font files may be embedded or linked; stylesheets and demo pages are generated from templates; hashes are saved for change detection.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors observed. External dependencies are required but not suspicious per se. Template reading uses default paths but this is standard templating logic.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical font generation and file management tasks. It uses standard modules for file operations, templating, and path handling. No indications of malicious intent such as network connections, data exfiltration, or reverse shells. The embedding function converts fonts to base64 data URIs securely, with proper file removal after embedding. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution that is suspicious. Hashing is used for cache management, not for malicious purposes. The templates are loaded from local paths, and the external dependencies are typical for such a build process. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured build task without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of a Grunt task for SVG to font conversion with stylesheet and demo page generation. No malware signals or malicious behaviors are present. It uses typical patterns for file handling, templating, and caching. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}