{
  "purpose": "The source code implements a customizable ActionSheet component for React Native, allowing users to display a modal with selectable options, including different styles such as default, cancel, and destructive.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from the 'props.titles' array, which contains the menu options, and user interactions through TouchableOpacity components that invoke hide() and onClose().",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include invoking 'title.action()' after hiding the modal, which could execute untrusted code, and the 'onClose' callback. However, no network or system calls are present that could leak data or perform malicious actions.",
  "flows": "User interactions (touching a title) trigger 'hide()' which animates modal dismissal, then calls 'onClose' callback and executes the associated 'action' callback for the selected title.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears well-structured with no signs of obfuscated or malicious code. It does not contain hardcoded credentials, suspicious network activity, or backdoors. All data handling and interactions are typical for a UI component. No unusual or misleading code constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a React Native modal component for an action sheet with customizable options and styles. It manages internal state for visibility, styling, and layout, and reacts to prop updates. User interactions trigger callbacks, including executing functions provided in 'titles'. No signs of code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior are detected. The code functions as intended for UI display purposes without harmful side-effects.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard React Native UI component with no malicious intent or security risks. It securely handles user input and callback execution. There are no indications of malware, backdoors, or data leaks. Overall, it appears safe and appropriate for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}