{
  "purpose": "The code is a Grunt plugin module that automates the processing and optimization of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files during a build process, specifically handling build blocks for concatenation, minification, and requirejs configuration.",
  "sources": "The code reads input files specified in Grunt task configurations and the content of HTML files. It also reads file paths and directory configurations from options and task data.",
  "sinks": "The code writes modified HTML, CSS, and JS content back to disk using grunt.file.write. It also updates Grunt configuration objects for concatenation, minification, and requirejs setup, which could influence subsequent build steps.",
  "flows": "Input files are read and processed to identify build blocks; the processing modifies content and configurations based on those blocks, then writes output files and updates Grunt configs accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious commands are present. The code contains detailed comments and standard build process logic. No obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or hidden backdoors are evident. The code relies on external modules (HTMLProcessor, CSSProcessor, RevvedFinder) whose implementations are not shown, but they appear to be typical for build processing.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard build automation tasks for front-end assets using Grunt. It reads source files, processes build blocks within HTML to determine asset concatenation and minification, and updates Grunt task configurations accordingly. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. The use of external modules appears typical for such workflows. The code is well-structured, with no obfuscated patterns or suspicious logic. It does not handle sensitive data directly, nor does it execute untrusted input dynamically beyond file processing. The overall purpose aligns with legitimate build automation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Grunt plugin for handling HTML/CSS/JS build blocks, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It performs typical build configuration updates without unsafe practices. No malware or malicious behavior is detected. The code appears safe for use within its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}