{
  "purpose": "Obfuscated JavaScript code, likely a minified or packed module, potentially for data visualization or similar functionality.",
  "sources": "Code reads input from external sources via fetch(), DOM elements, and environment variables. It also processes user interactions such as mouse and touch events.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation, network requests via fetch(), and event handling that could potentially be exploited if untrusted data is passed. However, no explicit data leakage or malicious network activity is evident from the code snippet.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external fetch requests and user interactions through event handlers and DOM updates. The code initializes a complex visualization with nodes and edges, applying transformations and user interactions.",
  "anomalies": "The entire code is heavily obfuscated/minified, making static analysis difficult. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are apparent. The code includes many complex, seemingly unnecessary functions and extensive use of dynamic execution patterns, which are typical of packed or obfuscated code but could also hide malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified, packed JavaScript module, likely generated by a module bundler (e.g., Webpack). It contains multiple complex functions for DOM manipulation, event handling, and possibly visualization, with no explicit malicious behavior like data exfiltration, system modifications, or suspicious network activity. The extensive obfuscation prevents straightforward identification of malicious payloads. There are no hardcoded secrets, no unusual network requests, or code snippets that perform harmful actions. The code primarily manages visual elements and user interactions, typical for visualization libraries or dashboards. Due to heavy minification and obfuscation, confidence in complete security cannot be absolute, but no direct indicators of malware are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a heavily obfuscated visualization or interaction module, with no clear signs of malicious activity. The obfuscation could be for code protection or hiding malicious intent, but in this isolated fragment, there is no evidence of malware or severe security risks. Caution is advised due to the code's opaque nature, but based on static analysis, it seems benign.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 3
}