{
  "purpose": "The code implements a JavaScript promise library providing asynchronous control flow capabilities, including promise creation, resolution, rejection, and method invocation, with support for different environments (browser and Node.js).",
  "sources": "Reads data from environment via require('event-queue') (if available), global functions like setTimeout, Object methods, and input parameters to promise methods.",
  "sinks": "Method calls on objects passed to promise-related functions (get, put, del, post, keys), potentially leading to side effects if untrusted objects are used. Also, the deferred resolution involves forwarding calls that could be manipulated if inputs are malicious.",
  "flows": "Input data (objects or values) is passed into promise constructors and methods; these are wrapped and forwarded through the promise infrastructure; untrusted objects can be invoked via methods like get, put, post, or through the resolver functions which may call user-provided methods.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code dynamically loads 'event-queue' or defaults to setTimeout, which is normal. Use of Object.freeze, Object.create, and identity fallback is standard. No suspicious code patterns like network connections, data exfiltration, or system modifications are present. The code appears to be a standard promise implementation with extensive comment documentation. The 'DUCK' string used as a property key is benign.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive promise library, designed for environment-agnostic use. It defines functions for creating and managing promises, deferring execution, and method invocation. It leverages environment detection to use 'event-queue' if available or fallback to setTimeout for asynchronous execution. It includes checks for whether objects are promises or resolved, and methods for handling promise resolution and rejection. There is no code for network communication, file access, or environment variable usage that could be malicious. All function implementations align with typical promise libraries, with no hidden or suspicious code. The code's structure and comments suggest it's a well-established library for asynchronous programming.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of a promise library with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles promises in an environment-agnostic manner, with no network activity or system manipulation present. No anomalous or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}