{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript library named 'Pheasant' for color manipulation, conversion, and formatting. It provides methods to parse, convert, and generate color representations in various formats, along with color comparison and range generation functions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from user-provided color strings, function arguments (e.g., in parse, convert, range, addFormat), and internal configuration (like registered formats). It does not include external input sources such as network requests or environment variables.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs formatted color strings, arrays, or objects, and performs internal color calculations. It does not write to system files, execute code dynamically, or send data over the network. There are no apparent sinks that could lead to data leaks or code injection.",
  "flows": "The main data flow involves parsing color strings into color objects or arrays (source), performing color computations or conversions (internal logic), and outputting formatted color strings or objects (sink). The code performs normalization and validation of input strings before parsing, ensuring data integrity.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. The code primarily handles color parsing and formatting, with no suspicious or malicious code. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code patterns is present. The code uses common color conversion algorithms and standard JavaScript features. No anomalous behavior or privacy violations are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured color utility library with functions for parsing, formatting, and converting colors across multiple formats. It includes helper functions for color space conversions and comparisons. The module adds various color formats, including CSS named colors, hex, RGB, RGBA, HSL, HSLA, and their percentage variants. The functions are typical for a color manipulation library, with no signs of malicious intent. No external network requests or system manipulations are present. The library uses standard JavaScript syntax and common algorithms for color space conversions. The code encapsulates its functionality and provides a modular API for color operations.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a color utility library without any malicious behavior or security risks. It performs color parsing, conversion, formatting, and comparison in a standard, predictable manner. There are no signs of malware, data leakage, or sabotage. The code appears safe for use in JavaScript environments.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}