{
  "purpose": "The code implements a bridge interface for communication between JavaScript and Adobe Flash (ActionScript), manages SWF embedding, and provides utility functions for media handling and class instantiation in a web environment.",
  "sources": "Reads DOM elements (object, embed tags), reads Flash variables and attributes, accesses window and document properties, and user agent info.",
  "sinks": "Calls to target methods for Flash interaction, embedding SWF files, manipulating DOM elements, and executing callbacks.",
  "flows": "DOM element access → Flash bridge method calls (via target) → serialization/deserialization of data → callback executions",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to be a standard Flash-JavaScript bridge with licensing and embedding logic. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code detected. No suspicious network calls or data leaks identified.",
  "analysis": "The script includes standard licensing for Adobe and SWFObject libraries, typical for embedding Flash content and facilitating communication between JavaScript and Flash (AS). The bridge implementation manages instances, serialization, and callback registration. The SWF embedding functions and bridge setup follow established patterns. No suspicious or malicious code, such as network exfiltration, system modification, or covert backdoors, is present. The code is complex but appears to be a legitimate open-source library for Flash integration. The only notable aspect is the extensive use of dynamic object and function creation, which is common in such bridge patterns but could be misused if malicious intent exists. However, no such misuse is evident here.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of a JavaScript-Flash bridge, including SWF embedding and communication utilities. No malicious behavior or sabotage indicators were detected. The code is consistent with known open-source Flash bridge libraries, and its complexity stems from its intended functionality. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}