{
  "purpose": "The code defines a class 'Relevator' used for calculating a weighted score based on multiple normalized metrics, likely for evaluation or scoring purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data (config object), including weights, normalizers, and optional custom calculators; it also reads input content metrics in the 'calculateScore' method.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any data sinks that send data over a network or write to files. It processes data locally for scoring purposes.",
  "flows": "Input metrics flow from the 'content' parameter into normalization functions, then into optional custom calculators, and finally contribute to the total score; configuration data influences normalization and calculations but does not involve untrusted sources.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The normalization functions are standard mathematical transformations. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The class performs parameter validation, normalization of metrics, and weighted scoring. The code is well-structured, with clear separation of concerns. It uses standard normalization techniques and allows custom calculators, which are provided via configuration. No signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. The functions perform mathematical transformations based on provided normalizer types. The code lacks external data fetching or output beyond returning a score. The only potential concern is if malicious code is injected into 'config.customCalculators', but there is no evidence of malicious intent here; the functions are expected to be provided externally and may be benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a weighted scoring system with normalization. There are no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The structure and logic are consistent with legitimate scoring or evaluation purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}