{
  "purpose": "The code defines a class Relevator used to calculate a weighted score based on various metrics, normalizers, and optional custom calculators, likely for evaluation or scoring purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the 'content' parameter in the calculateScore method, which provides metrics and their values. Configuration data is from the 'config' parameter in the constructor, including weights, normalizers, and optional custom calculators.",
  "sinks": "The code performs normalization and calculations internally without direct data output, external network calls, or system modifications. No sinks such as file writes, network transmissions, or system commands are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'content' input into calculateScore, through normalization functions and optional custom calculators, then into weighted scoring, resulting in a final score returned by calculateScore.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies detected. The code uses straightforward normalization strategies and safe arithmetic. No obfuscated code, suspicious logic, or hidden data handling is present.",
  "analysis": "The code validates configuration objects for completeness and correctness, ensuring weights sum to 1. It processes input metrics via normalization functions (linear, logarithmic, boolean, bellCurve, plateau). Custom calculators can modify normalized values. The scoring process is transparent and based solely on mathematical transformations. No data leaks, external calls, or suspicious behavior is observed. The logic appears to be for a scoring system, potentially for evaluation, risk assessment, or ranking, with no malicious intent or harmful side effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured scoring class that normalizes input metrics and applies weights to compute a final score. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It appears to be a benign utility for evaluation purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}