{
  "purpose": "This class 'Relevator' appears to be designed for calculating a weighted score based on various metrics, normalizing input values, and optionally applying custom calculations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'config' parameter during construction and from the 'content' parameter in 'calculateScore'. It also accesses properties in 'config' such as 'weights', 'normalizers', and 'customCalculators'.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write or send data externally; it only processes input data to produce a score. No direct sinks such as network calls or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'content' (metrics) through normalization and optional custom calculations, then weighted summation to produce the final score.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behavior. The normalization functions are standard mathematical transformations. No dynamic code execution or suspicious data handling observed.",
  "analysis": "The code validates configuration objects to ensure presence of 'weights' and 'normalizers', checks weights sum to 1, and then uses these configurations to normalize metric values. The 'calculateScore' method normalizes each metric value using either a provided function or default strategies (linear, logarithmic, boolean, bellCurve, plateau). The normalized values are then multiplied by their respective weights and summed to produce a total score. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors. The structure is straightforward, focusing solely on mathematical calculations and configuration validation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard metric scoring class with no malicious intent. It performs configuration validation, normalization, and weighted scoring. There are no suspicious or malicious behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}