{
  "purpose": "The code provides a custom Selenium WebDriver builder with capabilities to configure browser drivers, remote connections, and debugging options, primarily for automated browser testing and automation tasks.",
  "sources": "Reads include environment variables (SELENIUM_BROWSER, SELENIUM_REMOTE_URL, SELENIUM_SERVER_JAR), file system checks (fs.existsSync, fs.mkdirSync), and function parameters (e.g., log file paths).",
  "sinks": "Uses fetch to perform HTTP DELETE requests during driver session cleanup, potentially sending session data or triggering network actions. Also writes logs to files, which could leak sensitive info if logs contain secrets.",
  "flows": "Sources such as environment variables influence capabilities and driver configuration. The driver session's 'quit' method makes network requests via fetch to address URLs, possibly leaking session info or executing remote shutdown commands.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. The code includes functions for configuring debug modes, remote URLs, and logging, which are standard. No obfuscated or unusual code constructs. Usage of fetch during session cleanup is normal but could be misused if combined with malicious server endpoints.",
  "analysis": "The script implements a custom WebDriver builder, with methods for setting capabilities, remote URLs, and driver options. It dynamically reads environment variables for configuration, which is common in automation frameworks. The 'quit' method performs network requests via fetch, which is standard for cleaning up sessions but could be exploited if the endpoint is malicious. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious behaviors like hidden backdoors, system modification, or unauthorized network access are evident. The code does not contain obfuscated or malicious logic. It appears to be an extension for Selenium automation with configurable options. The presence of fetch during session termination is typical for cleanup routines, not malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Selenium WebDriver builder extension for automation purposes. It reads environment variables for configuration and performs network requests during cleanup, which is standard practice. No malicious or suspicious behavior is detected based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}