{
  "purpose": "The code appears to set up and manage WebDriver capabilities and services for browser automation, including custom driver service configuration, capability building, and enhanced element interaction. It also exports various modules for external use.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include environment variables (SELENIUM_BROWSER, SELENIUM_REMOTE_URL, SELENIUM_SERVER_JAR), file system checks (fs.existsSync, mkdirSync), and function parameters (e.g., path, driver name, version). No external untrusted input reads are directly present in the code.",
  "sinks": "Network requests via fetch in the custom driver session termination, and creation of log files in the file system. The fetch call to delete session and shutdown endpoints could potentially leak session data if malicious server responses are not handled securely.",
  "flows": "Input from environment variables influences capabilities and remote URL settings. The 'fetch' calls are executed during driver session termination to delete the session and shutdown server. Capability settings influence driver startup. No clear flow of untrusted user input directly into critical functions or commands.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. The code uses environment variables to configure remote URLs and driver settings, which could be manipulated externally but are standard practice. No malicious code snippets, obfuscated code, or unexpected network connections found. The dynamic creation of log file paths and capability merging are standard.",
  "analysis": "The code carefully constructs WebDriver capabilities and manages driver services with custom options. It reads configuration from environment variables, which is typical for environment-based setups. The only network activity occurs during driver session cleanup, which calls delete and shutdown endpoints—these are standard in driver management but could be exploited if the endpoints are maliciously manipulated. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or reverse shell behavior. No suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or malicious intent detected. The code appears well-structured for a testing automation context, with standard use of environment variables, filesystem interactions, and network requests for session management.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily manages WebDriver configurations and interactions, with no evidence of malicious intent or supply chain attacks. It does not contain backdoors, hidden network communications, or malicious data leaks. Its behavior aligns with legitimate automation setup scripts.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}