{
  "purpose": "The code calculates various character attributes, damage stats, defenses, and related combat metrics for a game, based on equipment and kungfu data.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules ('./gs' and '@/assets/data/enchants.json') and uses internal data structures for attribute calculations. It does not directly handle user input or external data streams.",
  "sinks": "The code performs numeric computations and returns calculated attribute values, percentages, and rates. No output functions, network requests, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "flows": "The data flows from equipment and kungfu data structures through multiple calculation functions, resulting in attribute scores and rates. No untrusted data sources are evident, and no data is sent to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors. The code appears to be a standard attribute calculation module. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present. No dynamic code execution or external network activity is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly performs attribute calculations for a game, based on structured data inputs and predefined constants. It uses straightforward mathematical operations, data filtering, and lookups. There are no signs of malware such as network communication, data theft, or system sabotage. The functions are focused solely on computing character stats. No suspicious or malicious behavior is detected. The structure is clear, and no obfuscation or hidden code is present. The code is consistent with legitimate game attribute computations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, legitimate game attribute calculation module without malicious intent or harmful behavior. It performs attribute computations based on supplied data, with no signs of malware, data exfiltration, or sabotage. Therefore, it can be considered safe.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}