{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a set of utility functions for calculating character stats and attributes in a game, based on equipment, kungfu, and other parameters.",
  "sources": "Reads data from imported modules './gs' and '@/assets/data/enchants.json'. Uses external data like 'enchants.json' for attribute values. Reads properties from equipment objects and kungfu objects passed as arguments.",
  "sinks": "Calculations involve untrusted input data (equipment and kungfu attributes) influencing numeric outputs, but no direct data leaks or system commands are involved. No network requests or external data transmissions are present.",
  "flows": "Input data from equipment and kungfu objects flow through various calculations to produce character attribute values. There are no external sinks or actions that could be exploited. The calculations are deterministic and based on passed parameters.",
  "anomalies": "Code contains no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system command execution, or hidden backdoors. Uses static configuration and straightforward math. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code. The structure is clear, with no suspicious dynamic behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code provides functions for computing game character stats like attack, crit, dodge, health, etc., based on equipment and kungfu attributes. Data is retrieved from imported modules and JSON data, then processed through mathematical formulas. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are present. No hardcoded secrets, network calls, or file system access are detected. The calculations are straightforward, and the code is well-structured. The overall purpose is game stat computation, with no indication of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard stat calculation module for a game, with no signs of malicious or sabotage behavior. It reads data from known sources and performs deterministic calculations. No malicious activity, backdoors, or supply chain attacks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}