{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of static methods for calculating properties related to different liquid types, such as interpolation of parameters, density, freezing temperature, and pressure drop, likely for use in chemical or thermal simulations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the imported 'interpolate-by-pravosleva' module, as well as input parameters passed to its static methods (liquidType, percentage, temperature, etc.).",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations and returns results within its methods; no external sinks or data leaks are evident. No network or file system interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are provided to the static methods (e.g., 'cp', 'density', 'freezingTemperature'), which process and return computed values. No external data flows or untrusted data manipulation beyond calculation are visible.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily focused on detailed interpolation calculations with complex data tables. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code behaviors are evident. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or unusual logic is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class 'LiquidParameters' with static methods performing interpolations, density calculations, and thermal properties based on provided parameters. It relies on a third-party module for interpolation. The calculations are standard for physical property estimation. No suspicious patterns, network calls, or malicious behavior are identified. The code appears to be a specialized library for thermal-fluid calculations, with no indication of sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a legitimate, domain-specific library for calculating liquid properties. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms. Its complexity is consistent with scientific computation rather than obfuscation or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}