{
  "purpose": "This source code provides calculations related to liquid properties such as cp (heat capacity), freezing temperature, density, Re (Reynolds number), and viscosity, likely for a simulation or engineering application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, particularly properties like 'liquidType', 'percentage', 'temperature', 'flow', 'diameter', and 'density'. It also imports the 'interpolate-by-pravosleva' module for interpolation calculations.",
  "sinks": "The code does not send data over the network, write to files, or interact with external systems beyond importing a module. No direct data leakage or external data effects are observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (source) are processed through conditional logic and interpolation functions, and results are returned as part of objects containing 'result', 'error', and 'report' fields.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard numerical computation with extensive interpolation logic; no suspicious or malicious code patterns such as system commands, network activity, or hidden backdoors are evident. No hard-coded credentials or backdoors are present. The code relies on a single external library but uses it in a standard way.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs property calculations based on input parameters, with extensive conditional checks and interpolation tables. No signs of obfuscated or malicious code are present. It does not perform any network communication, file access, or system modifications. The interpolations and calculations seem legitimate for physics or engineering purposes. There are no unusual patterns or suspicious data flows; all data inputs are used for calculations and returned as outputs. The module import is standard and used in a typical manner.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate computational module for liquid property calculations without any signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It relies on a single third-party library for interpolation, used in a standard manner. No malicious activity or security risks are detected based on this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}