{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for filtering and matching property names in a list based on exact, contain, start with, end with, and their negations, using pattern matching with wildcards and special characters.",
  "sources": "Input property list (propList) in createPropListMatcher function, which is used to generate match criteria. The code reads these lists during initialization.",
  "sinks": "The matching functions operate on property names; the matching logic could potentially be used to influence subsequent property filtering or logic. No direct output or external data transmission occurs within this code.",
  "flows": "The code processes the property list to generate filtering criteria, then uses these criteria to match against property names passed to the returned matcher function.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns, such as dynamic code execution, network requests, or data exfiltration, are present. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a set of filtering functions that match strings against specific patterns, including wildcards and negations. These functions are used in createPropListMatcher to categorize list entries into various matching criteria. The matcher function then applies these criteria to determine if a given property matches based on the configured rules. The logic is straightforward pattern matching with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent. There are no external data sources, network calls, or system modifications. Overall, the code appears to be a utility for property filtering, likely used in configuration or property management contexts.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility for filtering property names based on pattern matching. There are no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It functions solely as a pattern matching helper without external interactions or data leaks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}