{
  "purpose": "Provides assertion functions for debugging, warning, and error reporting with call site information.",
  "sources": "Reads input from function parameters (bool, msg, msg_prefix, is_not_critical), error stack, and global variables (location).",
  "sinks": "Outputs messages via communicateToDev, which logs to console, alerts, or throws errors.",
  "flows": "Assertion functions invoke test() -> communicateToDev() with message; get_calling_fct_info() retrieves caller info from stack; messages flow to console, alert, or throw.",
  "anomalies": "Use of error stack parsing for caller info, conditional alert and throw based on hostname, no external network or file operations, no hardcoded secrets. The code dynamically inspects call stack, which could be used to mask malicious intent, but is standard debugging utility.",
  "analysis": "The code defines assertion functions (assert, assert.expect, assert.warning) that internally call test() to evaluate boolean expressions. When assertions fail, messages are generated with call site info obtained via get_calling_fct_info(). This function inspects the call stack either through Error.stack or callee.caller references, which can be considered advanced debugging techniques. communicateToDev() directs messages to console, alert, or throws errors depending on environment and criticality. No network connections, data leaks, or malicious code are evident. The code primarily provides debugging utilities with verbose call info, which could be exploited for information leakage if misused, but there is no explicit malicious behavior. The code does not contain obfuscation, backdoors, or external data exfiltration.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a debugging utility designed for assertion and error reporting with detailed call site info. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or malware. Its use of call stack inspection is standard for debugging purposes, not suspicious. No security risks are identified beyond typical debugging utility usage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}