{
  "purpose": "This script bundles core-js modules based on provided configurations, either creating a single bundled file or requiring individual modules in different formats (ESM or CommonJS).",
  "sources": "Input data comes from function parameters such as modules, exclude, targets, format, filename, and summary. Data also originates from require.resolve, reading files, and configuration variables.",
  "sinks": "File system operations (writeFile, readFile, unlink, mkdir) that handle output files. Console logs output status information. The webpack function processes module bundling.",
  "flows": "Input parameters influence the module list and output format. The list of modules is resolved via compat and require.resolve, then passed to webpack or formatted with require/import statements. The resulting code is written to files or returned as script string.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns observed. The code properly uses promisified fs operations, conditional checks, and standard module bundling practices. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. The use of require.resolve and file operations appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code validates parameters, normalizes summary configurations, and uses compatibility functions to generate a list of modules. It then conditionally bundles these modules into a single file using webpack or generates import/require statements based on the specified format. The output script includes optional comments about size and modules, and logs relevant information to the console. File operations are handled safely with recursive directory creation and cleanup of temporary files. All operations involve standard build tools and no suspicious network activity or malicious code execution is present.",
  "conclusion": "The script functions as a build tool for core-js modules, with no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It uses common Node.js practices and build patterns without suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}