{
  "purpose": "This module exports a function that updates DOM node attributes based on provided properties, formatting the properties and passing them through a 'ws.x' function before setting an attribute.",
  "sources": "The function reads the 'props' object passed to the exported default function, and reads the 'node' parameter to set attributes.",
  "sinks": "The 'node.setAttribute' method is used to set the 'ws-x' attribute with data generated from 'ws.x(formatted)'. The 'ws.x' function is a sink where untrusted data could be processed.",
  "flows": "Input properties are processed, formatted, and then passed into 'ws.x' to generate attribute data, which is then set on the node. Data flows from 'props' to 'formatted' to 'ws.x' to DOM attribute.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures are evident. The code uses 'replace' and 'replaceAll' functions, but these are standard string operations. The function 'ws.x' is external and could be a concern if malicious, but there's no evidence of malicious behavior here.",
  "analysis": "The code reads input properties, filters out specific keys, formats keys by replacing certain characters, and then passes the formatted object into an external function 'ws.x'. The 'ws.x' function is a dependency imported from './wind.js' and could be a vector for malicious behavior if malicious. However, based solely on this code, no malicious intent is apparent. The code performs data formatting and DOM manipulation, which are standard operations. There are no signs of obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. The use of 'null' and symbol 'none' appears benign. Since external 'ws.x' could be malicious, but without its code, we cannot assess it here.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward DOM attribute updater that formats properties and passes data into an external function before setting an attribute. No obvious malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident within this module. The only potential concern is reliance on external 'ws.x', which is outside the scope of this review.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}