{
  "purpose": "This source code defines a React component called 'Graph' for rendering interactive graphs on a webpage. It handles canvas initialization, drawing lines, polygons, points, labels, and mouse interactions for visual data representation.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from props such as 'graphs', 'labels', 'labelsColor', 'horizontalSegmentHoverColor', 'horizontalSegmentColor', and 'linesColors'. Mouse events provide mouseX and mouseY coordinates for interaction handling.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted data from props (like 'graphs' or 'labels') is maliciously crafted to cause rendering issues or code injection, but the code primarily uses safe React and Canvas APIs. No direct network, file, or environment variable operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input props are used for drawing graphs; mouse events update component state to highlight segments and display labels; drawing functions render visual elements based on current state, with no external or untrusted code execution.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code is a standard React canvas-based graph component. No suspicious network calls, reverse shells, or data exfiltration mechanisms are visible. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component designed for rendering interactive graphs using the HTML5 Canvas API. It initializes the canvas on component mount and resize, draws lines, polygons, and labels based on props, and handles mouse events for interactivity. The code uses standard React and Canvas techniques with no signs of malicious behavior. The data flow is strictly for visualization; there are no external calls, network requests, or environment variable manipulations. It appears to be a benign visualization tool.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, benign React-based graph component used for visualizing data interactively. No malicious or suspicious behavior is detected. The code relies on external data for rendering but does not perform any harmful operations or exhibit signs of malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}