{
  "purpose": "This code is a minified JavaScript library handling UI bindings, gesture detection, device orientation, style transformations, and expression parsing. It appears to facilitate complex user interactions and dynamic style updates.",
  "sources": "JSON strings, environment variables, DOM style and attribute values, user gesture inputs, device orientation data, scroll events",
  "sinks": "DOM element styles and attributes, SVG path data, evaluated expressions via eval-like functions, dynamic property assignments",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (gesture data, JSON strings, environment variables) flows into style/property modifications and expression evaluations, often through eval or Function constructor",
  "anomalies": "Heavy minification and obfuscation, use of eval in expression execution, complex expression parsing, dynamic code execution from string inputs",
  "analysis": "The code is a heavily minified UI utility library that manages gestures, device orientation, style transformations, and expression evaluation. It uses eval and Function constructor for dynamic expression parsing, which introduces potential security risks if inputs are untrusted. No network activity or data exfiltration is evident. The obfuscation level is high, typical for production minified code. The use of eval-like functions is standard in such libraries but warrants caution. Overall, the code appears to serve legitimate UI purposes without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The dependency is a complex, minified UI utility library with dynamic expression evaluation. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. The primary security concern is the heavy obfuscation and eval usage, which could be exploited if untrusted data is processed. The supply chain risk is moderate but not high. The malware score should remain at 0, obfuscation high (~0.8), and security risk moderate (~0.3).",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}