{
  "purpose": "The code defines a function 'snap_precise_bbox' that processes and adjusts a bounding box within a coordinate system, applying transformations, constraints, and optional containment limits. Its purpose appears to be spatial computations related to grid or map overlays.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from parameters such as 'bbox', 'container', 'debug', 'origin', 'overflow', 'padding', 'scale', and 'size'. It also imports various functions from the 'preciso' library, which are used for mathematical operations.",
  "sinks": "The code performs mathematical calculations and logs, but there are no evident sinks that lead to network access, data exfiltration, or system modification. It does not write to files, perform system calls, or access environment variables.",
  "flows": "Input data such as 'bbox', 'container', 'origin', etc., are read as inputs. Calculations are performed internally without external data output or network transmission. The function returns spatial data structures but does not send or leak data externally.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious or unusual code constructs. The use of mathematical functions from a library is standard for spatial calculations. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The code does contain extensive debug logging, which could be used to leak debug information if enabled, but this is typical for development.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard mathematical functions and defines a spatial computation function that adjusts bounding box coordinates based on parameters and constraints. It includes debug logging, boundary enforcement, and coordinate transformations. No external network calls, system modifications, or suspicious behaviors are observed. The logic is straightforward for spatial adjustments. No anomalies like hardcoded credentials or hidden code are present. The structure and formatting are clear, and the code appears to serve a spatial calculation purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard spatial bounding box adjustment function with no signs of malicious behavior. It performs mathematical operations and boundary checks typical for spatial data processing. No malware indicators or security risks are detected. The extensive debug logging is benign but should be disabled in production for security.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}