{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a module for handling CSS feature support and prefix management, including parsing, prefixing, and processing CSS property nodes for compatibility with different browsers.",
  "sources": "Data is read from external modules ('caniuse-lite', 'postcss', local files like './brackets', './browsers', './utils', './value'), and from input nodes passed to class methods such as add(), remove(), and process().",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that process CSS nodes, generate prefixed declarations, and modify nodes in methods like add(), process(), and remove(). These could influence CSS output or internal data structures.",
  "flows": "Source data (browser support data, CSS nodes) flows into methods that add prefixes, normalize, parse, and process nodes. The 'add' and 'process' methods modify nodes, potentially injecting prefixes or removing nodes based on support checks. The 'virtual' method creates temporary rules for prefixing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code structures are observed. The code employs standard modules and practices for CSS processing. No unusual or suspicious code patterns such as dynamic code execution, obfuscated logic, or hidden network activity are present. The use of regular expressions and node manipulations appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages CSS feature support and prefixing for different browsers by leveraging support data from 'caniuse-lite' and CSS parsing via 'postcss'. It includes functions to add or remove CSS prefixes, normalize nodes, and determine support based on browser data. The logic appears consistent with standard CSS prefixing tools. No evidence suggests malicious intent, data leakage, or malware. The structure and flow are typical for such a utility module, with no suspicious side effects or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate CSS processing utility aimed at managing browser compatibility prefixes. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The implementation is consistent with standard practices in CSS prefixing tools. Overall, it appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}