{
  "purpose": "This code module appears to handle CSS feature support, prefixing, and transformation for CSS rules, specifically for processing support queries and automating vendor prefix addition/removal.",
  "sources": "Require statements importing external modules and data files (e.g., 'caniuse-lite', 'postcss', local files './brackets', './browsers', './utils', './value'), and the class methods parsing and manipulating CSS-related data.",
  "sinks": "Method calls such as 'Value.save', 'prefixer().add', and 'brackets.parse/stringify' that process or generate code. The code reads properties and values from CSS rules but does not seem to output or send data externally.",
  "flows": "Input CSS strings are parsed into AST, processed through prefixing, normalization, and filtering, then transformed back into CSS strings. Data about browser support influences prefixing decisions. There are no indications of data being sent over network or stored externally.",
  "anomalies": "No signs of obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors. The code uses standard library functions and straightforward logic. It performs typical CSS prefixing and support checks. No unusual data flows or hidden behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The module loads support data and uses it to determine supported browsers. It defines a class for handling CSS prefixing, support queries, and rule transformations, all using standard parsing and string manipulation. The methods include normalization, prefixing, and removal of unnecessary prefixes, relying on external and internal utility functions. No code injections, network communications, or malicious file manipulations are present. The overall behavior aligns with a typical CSS prefixing utility.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a CSS prefixing and support handling module without evident malicious intent or harmful behavior. It processes CSS rules, manages prefixes based on support data, and modifies CSS ASTs accordingly. There are no suspicious operations, backdoors, or malware indicators.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}