{
  "purpose": "The source code is a JavaScript SDK wrapper for Kakao Maps API, providing classes and functions for map manipulation, overlays, controls, and services. Its purpose is to enable integration of Kakao Maps into web applications, including features like markers, overlays, geocoding, and event handling.",
  "sources": "Data inputs occur through constructor parameters, method arguments (e.g., coordinates, options, event handlers), and DOM elements (container IDs).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests (e.g., loading the SDK script, possibly API calls within 'daum.maps' methods), and event handlers where untrusted data could be used (e.g., in overlays or info windows).",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (e.g., user-provided coordinates, options, event types) flows into methods like setCenter, setPosition, setContent, or event handler registration, which could lead to code injection or data leaks if malicious data is used without validation. No explicit network requests or data exfiltration code is present; SDK loading is controlled via script injection with an API key.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found; SDK loading uses a provided API key. No backdoors, obfuscated code, or suspicious dynamic code execution is detected. The code appears to be a standard SDK wrapper with typical map functionalities. The code structure, including the initial UMD pattern and class methods, is typical for SDKs and does not indicate malicious intent. There are no signs of malware such as hidden network connections, data theft, or cryptomining. Usage of Promise-based async handling and event registration is standard.",
  "analysis": "Step 1: The code initializes constants, classes, and methods for Kakao Maps features, including overlays, controls, and services. Step 2: The script loads the SDK dynamically with an API key, then initializes map instances, controls, and event handlers, all in a typical manner. Step 3: There is no dynamic code execution from untrusted sources, no string eval, new Function, or similar constructs. Step 4: Network requests are limited to SDK script loading and internal API calls within the 'daum.maps' namespace; no external exfiltration or malicious domains are involved. Step 5: Event handlers and overlays accept untrusted data (e.g., content, positions), but this is standard and expected behavior; no dangerous operations are performed with this data. Step 6: No hardcoded credentials or secrets are embedded. The code does not contain obfuscated or minified malicious code fragments. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate SDK wrapper with no indicators of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured SDK wrapper for Kakao Maps, with no evidence of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It performs typical operations like SDK loading, map control, overlays, and event handling. The risk score is low; no malicious behavior or sabotage is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}