{
  "purpose": "This code provides an open-source SDK for integrating Kakao Maps into web applications, allowing map rendering, overlays, controls, and geolocation services.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (API keys), loads external Kakao SDK script, initializes map containers and options, and processes user input for geocoding and search functions.",
  "sinks": "Uses external daum.maps APIs for map manipulation, event handling, and geocoding. No evident data leaks or system modifications. External script loading could potentially be manipulated if CDN is compromised.",
  "flows": "Loads SDK script -> Initializes map -> User inputs or map events trigger geocoding/search -> API responses processed internally. No suspicious source-to-sink flows detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; the API key is expected to be supplied externally. The code contains only map-related functionality with standard SDK loading and event handling. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution observed. The script loads an external map SDK via a URL that includes the API key, which, if compromised, could lead to misuse of the key but is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive SDK wrapper for Kakao Maps, with functions for map control, overlays, markers, geocoding, and event management. It dynamically loads the external Kakao SDK script with an API key supplied at runtime, which is typical. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious behaviors such as system access, data exfiltration, or cryptomining are present. The code appears to be well-structured, intended solely for map rendering and interaction. It does not contain any suspicious network activity or hidden malicious functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard open-source mapping SDK that dynamically loads Kakao's external SDK and provides map functionalities. No evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware is detected. It is safe to use provided the external script source remains trustworthy and the API key is managed securely.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}