{
  "purpose": "The source code provides a wrapper and SDK for Kakao Maps, including components for map initialization, controls, overlays, event handling, and additional services like geocoding and place search. It aims to facilitate integrating Kakao Maps into Angular applications with an organized API.",
  "sources": "Code reads environment and library constants, loads external Kakao SDK script, initializes map containers, and manages map, overlays, controls, and services. It also reads input map configurations and user interactions via event listeners.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data inputs include map configuration options, event data, and content set on overlays and info windows. These could be exploited if not properly sanitized before being displayed or processed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external inputs (configuration, user events) into the SDK functions that manipulate the map and overlays. For example, user interactions trigger event handlers that may pass untrusted data into overlays or info windows, which could be exploited if content is not sanitized.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard SDK wrapper with typical map functionalities. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are detected. External script loading is controlled via API key parameter. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code is present. The code is well-structured and appears legitimate.",
  "analysis": "Step 1: The code loads external Kakao Maps SDK dynamically using an API key, which is necessary for operation and not suspicious. Step 2: It defines various classes wrapping SDK functionalities, providing methods for map control, overlays, and services; no suspicious data is processed here. Step 3: Event handling methods add listeners that invoke user-defined callbacks; this is standard. Step 4: Content setting methods accept arbitrary data for overlays and info windows; risk exists only if external content is unsanitized, which is outside the scope of this code. Step 5: No obfuscated code, no use of eval, dynamic function creation, or network communication of system data. Step 6: No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or hidden data leaks observed. Overall, the code appears to be a typical, well-structured SDK wrapper with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, organized SDK wrapper for Kakao Maps with no evident malicious behavior. It loads external scripts securely with an API key, provides map and overlay functionalities, and handles events appropriately. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data leaks are present. Risks are limited to standard security considerations around external script loading and handling user input, which are outside the scope of this code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}