{
  "purpose": "This code provides an Angular-compatible wrapper for Kakao Maps SDK, enabling integration and map management within web applications. It handles SDK loading, map instantiation, control management, and various map overlays and services.",
  "sources": "Data read from external SDK script, environment variables for API keys, dynamic property access via getAPIConstants and getLibraryAPIConstants, and user input through map options and event handlers.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks through event handlers, SDK script injection points, and API key handling in script URL construction. Data could be transmitted if event handlers or external callbacks are malicious.",
  "flows": "SDK script load source (from API key), map options inputs (user-controlled), and event handler invocations (from map events). The script URL is constructed with the API key, which is a parameter source. Event handlers can send data externally if malicious.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are directly embedded in the code. The SDK script URL is constructed dynamically with an API key provided at runtime. No obfuscated code or suspicious network connections are evident. No backdoors or hidden behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive Angular module wrapping Kakao Maps SDK, including SDK loading, map and overlay creation, event management, and utility classes. It uses dynamic property access to retrieve constants and configurations. No suspicious or malicious code patterns, such as system file access, data exfiltration, or reverse shells, are present. The only notable aspect is the use of a user-provided API key to load the SDK script, which is standard practice but must be securely managed. Event handlers could be misused if malicious handlers are registered, but the code itself does not include any malicious behavior or data transmission logic. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate SDK wrapper with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Angular wrapper for the Kakao Maps SDK, facilitating map integration in web applications. No signs of malware, sabotage, or malicious behaviors are detected. It responsibly loads external scripts, handles data via callbacks, and does not contain suspicious network activity or backdoors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}