{
  "purpose": "This code is a JavaScript SDK wrapper for Kakao Maps, providing a structured API for map manipulation, overlays, controls, and related services in a web application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input mainly from the provided parameters for map options, container elements, and function arguments such as coordinates, map types, and event types. It also accesses external daum.maps API and global objects.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include methods that set or modify map properties (e.g., setCenter, setLevel, setMapTypeId), event handlers, and functions that modify overlay content, visibility, or attributes. These are typical in map APIs and not inherently suspicious.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves initializing map components, setting properties, and attaching event listeners, with data flowing from user inputs or external API calls into the map object, then to visual or state changes. Event handlers can receive data from user interactions or API responses.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. The code is a standard wrapper around the external Kakao maps API, with typical method calls and data flows. No suspicious network calls, data exfiltration, or hidden code are observed. No obfuscation or misleading variable usage is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with a UMD pattern to load dependencies and define the SDK module. It defines numerous classes representing map constants, overlays, controls, and services, all wrapping the external daum.maps API. It also includes Angular components and providers for integration into web applications. The functions primarily perform data setting and retrieval, event management, and map configuration. All operations seem aligned with typical SDK behaviors, with no signs of malicious intent or abnormal data handling. The only external interactions are with the daum.maps API and DOM manipulation for script injection, which are standard for SDK loading.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard open-source SDK wrapper for Kakao Maps, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It facilitates map usage and control within a web app, with typical API interactions and no suspicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}