{
  "purpose": "This code computes the value of cos(πx) with argument reduction for improved accuracy, providing mathematical functions related to cosine and sine with specific handling for special cases.",
  "sources": "Input parameter 'x' for the cospi function, and external modules for mathematical operations and constants.",
  "sinks": "The return statements output the computed cosine value; no external data sinks or data leaks are present.",
  "flows": "Input 'x' is processed through checks for NaN and Infinity, then argument reduction via floor and absolute value, followed by calculation and sign adjustments based on the value and parity of 'x'.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. The logic follows standard mathematical computation practices. All external modules are well-known math functions and constants. The code is well-structured and transparent.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard mathematical operations to calculate cos(πx). It first checks for NaN and Infinity to handle special cases safely, then reduces the argument to within [0,1) using the floor and absolute value. The function applies piecewise logic to compute the cosine based on the fractional part, with special handling when the fractional part equals 0.5. It correctly handles the sign based on whether the integer part of 'x' is odd or even. All operations are straightforward mathematical functions, and there is no evidence of obfuscated, malicious, or suspicious behavior. The code's purpose aligns with mathematical computation rather than malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate mathematical function for computing cos(πx). It contains no signs of malware or malicious behavior. The code is well-documented, uses standard math modules, and has no suspicious external calls or data leaks. The security risk is negligible, and the likelihood of malicious intent is extremely low.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}