{
  "purpose": "This script processes and transforms mini program source code files (.wxss, .wxml, etc.) by reading, transforming, and rewriting files in a specified directory. Its main functions include font size transformation, page meta transformation, image class extraction, and size adjustments.",
  "sources": "Reads files from the file system: all .wxss, .wxml, and style-related files within the given directory and its subdirectories, as well as the app.json configuration file.",
  "sinks": "Writes transformed content back to the same files it reads from; no external network or system modifications observed.",
  "flows": "Reads file content (sources), processes the data via transformation functions, then writes the output back to the same file paths (sinks). No untrusted data flows to external systems or sensitive areas.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors detected. The code structure is straightforward, with standard library usage and no unusual patterns. No dynamic code execution or external network activity present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs directory globbing to find specific file types, reads files asynchronously, applies transformations via imported modules, and writes results back to disk. The transformations are modular and rely on external functions which are not included in this snippet. The overall flow is typical for build or code processing scripts. There are no signs of malicious intent, hidden behaviors, or malicious data exfiltration. All operations are limited to local file system access for reading and writing files, with no network activity or credential handling observed.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a benign file processing utility designed for transforming specific files within a mini program project. There are no indications of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It solely operates on local files and applies transformations through imported modules, which are presumed to be safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}