{
  "purpose": "This code parses and calculates mathematical formulas with variable substitution, supporting operations like addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division, including nested parentheses.",
  "sources": "The code reads the 'formula' parameter, which is a string input representing the mathematical expression, and the 'data' object, which supplies variable values for substitution.",
  "sinks": "The code processes data internally; no external data sinks are apparent. There are no network operations, file writes, or system modifications.",
  "flows": "The variable substitution (source) flows into tokenization, which generates tokens; tokens are parsed into an AST; the AST is then used to perform calculations. No untrusted data directly affects system or external resources.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. The code is a straightforward mathematical parser and evaluator, with clear structure. The only notable aspect is variable substitution with the 'data' object, which is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code securely parses and evaluates formulas by replacing variables with provided data, tokenizing the expression, and constructing an AST for evaluation. No use of eval() or dynamic code execution occurs, reducing risks. The only potential concern is the handling of user-supplied formula strings; if the formula is maliciously crafted to cause excessive computation (e.g., very deep nesting or large expressions), it could lead to performance issues. However, there are no indications of malicious intent or malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network calls, or system modifications.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured mathematical expression parser and evaluator with variable substitution. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. The primary risk is potential denial of service if maliciously crafted formulas are used, but this is a common concern with formula parsers. Overall, no malware or security risks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}