{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to parse and evaluate mathematical formulas with variables, supporting basic arithmetic operations and handling decimal precision with the 'decimal.js' library.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'formula' parameter (a string containing the formula) and the 'data' object (variable mappings). It also reads the formula string itself, which may contain variable names and operators.",
  "sinks": "The code performs variable replacement within the formula string, then evaluates the resulting expression. No external network or system interactions are present. The 'calculate' function only processes in-memory computations.",
  "flows": "Variable names in 'formula' are replaced by corresponding values from 'data'. The tokenization process reads characters from the formula string. The parseAST function builds an AST from tokens. The calculate function computes the value based on the AST.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code or unusual behavior detected. The code appropriately handles parsing, tokenization, and evaluation. There are no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The only notable aspect is the variable substitution, which assumes trust in 'data' content. The code includes error handling for invalid characters and mismatched parentheses.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard parsing and evaluation of mathematical expressions with variable substitution. It relies on the 'decimal.js' library for precise decimal calculations, which is safe and well-understood. Variable substitution uses string replacement with regex, which is safe given the context. No external network calls, file system access, or system modifications are present. No malicious patterns such as code execution, data exfiltration, or backdoors are identified. The evaluation logic is straightforward, and the input sanitization is sufficient for the scope of in-memory computation. Overall, the code appears to be a typical formula parser with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard formula parser and evaluator with variable substitution. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks based on the provided implementation. It processes input safely and performs mathematical computations as intended. No malware signals detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}