{
  "purpose": "This code processes mathematical formulas with variable substitution, tokenization, parsing, and evaluation to compute numeric results with high precision.",
  "sources": "Variables in the formula string (matched by /[a-zA-Z]+/g), input data object (data parameter), formula string input to calculateFormula.",
  "sinks": "Evaluation functions (calculate), token processing, and variable replacement that could inject malicious expressions if the formula or data are maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Variables in formula -> replacement with data values -> tokenization -> AST parsing -> calculation -> output.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs variable substitution which could lead to injection if formula strings are externally controlled and untrusted. No validation or sanitization of the formula beyond tokenization. No escape mechanisms, but the tokenization restricts code injection to tokenized operators and numbers. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors present. No suspicious network activity or system modifications observed.",
  "analysis": "The script replaces variable placeholders with provided data values, then tokenizes the resulting expression for safe parsing and evaluation. It handles negative numbers and basic arithmetic operators, respecting parentheses for precedence. The use of the decimal.js library ensures high-precision calculations. The code does not execute arbitrary code or system commands. It strictly evaluates arithmetic expressions with variable substitution, minimizing injection risk but could be vulnerable if untrusted formulas are provided since malicious expressions could be injected into the formula string before tokenization. There is no network communication or system modification, and no external code execution beyond evaluation of arithmetic tokens. Overall, the code appears secure against malicious code execution, but variable input must be trusted or validated to prevent formula injection.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a mathematical expression evaluator with variable substitution. It does not contain malware nor malicious behavior. Its security risk is low provided the formula string is sanitized if provided by untrusted sources. The main concern is formula injection, not code injection or system compromise. No obfuscation detected. Confidence in security assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}