{
  "purpose": "This code provides a SoftPWM class for controlling PWM signals via GPIO pins on a Raspberry Pi, allowing configuration of frequency, range, and duty cycle.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the 'config' parameter in the constructor, which can be a number, string, or object containing pin, frequency, and range properties.",
  "sinks": "Data is written to the GPIO hardware via the '_pwm.pwmWrite()' method. No external data sink is directly involved in the code itself.",
  "flows": "Input from 'config' flows into constructor variables, which are used to initialize GPIO pin settings and PWM parameters. The 'write' method flows duty cycle values from input to hardware output via pwmWrite.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or unusual code patterns. The code performs standard PWM control with proper validation. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code starts with a license header and imports necessary modules for GPIO control and peripheral management. It configures the PWM clock using 'configureClock'. The 'SoftPWM' class manages PWM settings for a specified GPIO pin, validating input parameters and setting up the GPIO hardware. It provides getter methods for current PWM settings. The constructor handles flexible 'config' input, resolving pin identifiers and setting default values. It throws errors if invalid inputs are provided or GPIO resolution fails. The 'write' method updates the duty cycle, ensuring it's within the valid range, and writes to the hardware PWM. No external network communication, data leaks, or malicious system interactions are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard PWM peripheral control implementation for Raspberry Pi GPIO pins, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs configuration, validation, and hardware control of PWM signals securely.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}