{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for version checking, data processing, image URL formatting, device environment detection, and module management within a React Native app.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from the 'config' module, environment variables via 'Platform.OS', and fetches data from remote endpoints using the 'Fetch' module.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data sources include server responses from `${HOST}/getNewVersion`. These data can influence app behavior if misused. No direct sink for sensitive data like credentials or environment variables is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from server responses (`res`) in `VersionCheck` to potential emit events ('app:update') based on version comparisons. No other significant untrusted data flow is identified.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard with no suspicious or unusual code patterns. The commented-out alert code hints at user notification, but is inactive. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No obfuscated or minified code is detected. The module functions are straightforward utility functions.",
  "analysis": "The script performs version checking by fetching remote data and emitting update events if newer versions are detected. Utility functions manipulate numbers and URLs, with no evidence of malicious intent. The data flow is limited to version comparison and event emission. No data exfiltration, hidden code, or malicious behavior is observed. All code appears benign and typical for a React Native utility module.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for version management, image URL formatting, and environment detection in a React Native application. It does not contain malware, malicious backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The only notable activity is fetching version info from a remote server, which is a common app feature, not malicious. Overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}