{
  "purpose": "This code module interacts with Microsoft Azure AD via Microsoft Graph API to retrieve user and group information, supporting functions like fetching users by email or property and obtaining group memberships.",
  "sources": "Input data is primarily from parameters like 'email', 'propertyName', and 'propertyValue' in function calls; configuration options like 'tenant', 'accessToken', and optional proxy settings; API responses from the Graph API endpoints.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs data through callbacks, including user objects and group lists. It also constructs and sends HTTP requests with headers containing access tokens. No direct data leaks are evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., email or property values) are used to build API query strings, which are sent to the Graph API endpoints. Responses are parsed and returned via callbacks, with user/group data flow from external API responses to callback outputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs straightforward API requests and JSON parsing without evident obfuscation or unusual code patterns. The only potential concern is reliance on external inputs for filters, but no hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. No suspicious code behavior, such as network connections to unknown domains, reverse shells, or data exfiltration, is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code securely constructs API requests using provided options and access tokens, with proper error handling during JSON parsing. Proxy configuration is optional and limited to local proxy. There are no signs of malicious intent such as hidden network calls, data theft, or backdoors. The code respects standard security practices for API interaction and does not contain hardcoded credentials or secrets. The flow from input to output is typical for a service wrapper, with no suspicious anomalies.",
  "conclusion": "This module appears to be a legitimate implementation for interacting with Azure AD Graph API to retrieve user and group data. No malicious behavior, suspicious anomalies, or security risks are evident in the code. It adheres to standard practices for API requests and data handling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}