{
  "purpose": "A JavaScript SDK wrapper for Azure AD Graph API, facilitating user and group queries with standard API request patterns.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as email, property values, and query strings used in API filters; request headers including access tokens.",
  "sinks": "API request URLs and headers, especially the dynamic filter strings incorporating user input; JSON parsing and callback functions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into query strings and request URLs; responses are parsed and passed to callbacks; potential injection points in filter strings.",
  "anomalies": "Use of user input directly in API filter strings without explicit sanitization; no obfuscation or hardcoded secrets; optional proxy configuration.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard SDK for Azure AD, performing user and group queries via Microsoft Graph API. It constructs request URLs with user inputs directly embedded in filter expressions, which could pose injection risks if inputs are malicious. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. Error handling and JSON parsing are standard. Proxy setup via 'fiddler' is optional and controlled. The overall behavior is benign, with no signs of malware or sabotage. The potential injection risk is acknowledged but does not constitute malicious activity. The code's clarity and lack of suspicious patterns support a low malware and obfuscation score. The security risk score of 0.2 reflects the potential for injection if inputs are not validated, but no actual vulnerabilities or malicious actions are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured SDK wrapper for Azure AD Graph API, with no malware or obfuscation detected. The only concern is the potential injection risk from unsanitized user inputs in filter strings, which is a common API pattern. The assigned scores of malware=0, obfuscated=0, and risk=0.2 are appropriate and justified. No further action is necessary.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}