{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to interact with Microsoft Azure AD via the Graph API, querying users and groups, and retrieving user details based on email or other properties.",
  "sources": "Data sources include input parameters such as email, property names, property values, and options passed to functions; external API responses from Microsoft Graph API endpoints.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are API requests where untrusted input (like email addresses or property values) is used to construct query filters, and responses are parsed and returned; also, request headers include access tokens.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data (email, property values) flows into query filters used in API requests; responses from API are parsed and returned; data may include user info and group memberships.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures. Usage of request defaults for proxy setting is conditional and does not indicate malicious intent. No obfuscated code detected. Error handling appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code performs authenticated API requests to Microsoft Graph API to retrieve user and group data. Input parameters such as email or property names are inserted into query strings for filtering, which is typical but warrants input validation. No evidence of data exfiltration, malicious network activity, or backdoors. No suspicious or obfuscated code features. The use of proxy defaults under 'fiddler' options is controlled. Error handling parses JSON responses and provides detailed error info but does not process untrusted data insecurely. Overall, the code functions as an SDK to interface with Azure AD and does not contain malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate API client for Azure AD, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It properly handles errors, uses tokens for authorization, and retrieves user data securely. There are no malicious behaviors or backdoors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}