{
  "purpose": "The code provides an interface for querying Azure AD user and group information via Microsoft Graph API, including methods to retrieve users by email or property and to get groups for users.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters (email, property values, options), request responses from the Microsoft Graph API, and URL/query string parsing.",
  "sinks": "Response handlers process data, and some data (like access tokens) are used directly in request headers. There are no direct sinks that send untrusted data to external systems or perform dangerous actions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user input (email, property values, options) into API query strings, and responses from API requests are parsed and returned to callbacks. No dangerous data flow is observed beyond standard API usage.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain suspicious hard-coded credentials or backdoors. The only minor issue is a typo in 'getUserByEmail' where 'includeGroups' is referenced instead of 'email' or 'options'. The use of a proxy option for 'fiddler' indicates debugging support, not malicious activity. No obfuscation, code injection, or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard API requests with proper error handling, JSON parsing, and support for pagination. It constructs API queries dynamically based on parameters, but does not embed untrusted data insecurely or perform unsafe operations. No signs of malicious intent or malicious code are present. The only minor concern is a potential typo in 'getUserByEmail' where 'includeGroups' is used instead of the expected parameter name, which might affect functionality but not security.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a typical wrapper around Microsoft Graph API for Azure AD data retrieval. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The structure and flow are standard and safe, with proper error handling. Minor code issues do not impact security but could affect functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}