{
  "purpose": "This code is a module for interacting with Microsoft's Azure Active Directory via Graph API to retrieve user and group information, providing functions to query users by email or property, and to fetch associated groups.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters such as email, propertyName, propertyValue, options (which may include includeGroups, top, skiptoken), and API response bodies.",
  "sinks": "Uses untrusted data from API responses, particularly in JSON parsing and callback functions; constructs API requests with user-provided parameters; possibly exposes user data.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (email, property values, options) are used to build API query strings; API responses are parsed and processed; functions invoke callbacks with retrieved data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials; the code properly uses access tokens supplied externally; request defaults to a proxy if fiddler option is enabled, which is not malicious. No obfuscated or minified code; no signs of backdoors or hidden code.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard API interactions with Microsoft Graph API for Azure AD user and group retrieval. It constructs API URLs with user-supplied filters, parses JSON responses, and supports pagination via __next and $skiptoken. The inclusion of 'proxy' configuration via the fiddler option is benign and typical for debugging. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. The JSON parsing is wrapped in try-catch to handle malformed responses. No suspicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modifications, or malicious network activity is present. The functions primarily facilitate querying user data and associated groups, and no malicious flows or anomalies are identified.",
  "conclusion": "This module appears to be a legitimate client for Microsoft Graph API interaction, with no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware. It operates as a standard SDK wrapper for Azure AD user and group data retrieval. The security risk is minimal, primarily dependent on proper use of the access token supplied externally. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}