{
  "purpose": "The code implements an interval tree data structure for efficient interval querying and manipulation, including insertion, removal, and point/interval queries.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the 'intervals' array passed to createWrapper, and from method calls such as insert and remove, which operate on interval data provided by the user.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the callback functions (cb) invoked during query operations, which could be exploited if untrusted code is used as a callback. No other direct sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Input intervals are stored in the tree and manipulated via insert/remove. During queries, data flows from internal tree nodes to the callback functions. Callbacks process the data and may influence control flow.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or hidden network activity. The code uses standard JavaScript features and straightforward data structures. No dynamic code execution or external network calls are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an interval tree with methods for insertion, removal, and querying of intervals, utilizing a balanced tree approach with recursive rebuilds to maintain performance. The functions for querying, inserting, and removing handle data securely and do not execute untrusted code outside callback invocations. Callback functions are the only external interaction points, used for reporting query results, which is typical in such data structures. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or external data exfiltration. The logic is focused on managing interval data efficiently and securely.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of an interval tree data structure with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It handles input data safely and performs typical operations without external network interactions or hidden functionalities. The only external points are callback invocations during queries, which is normal for such implementations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}