{
  "purpose": "This code appears to implement a mathematical expression parser and evaluator, allowing validation and calculation of user-provided formulas with variable substitution.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the 'str' parameter in verifyStr, which contains the expression string; 'data' object provides variable values for substitution.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs and executes a new Function with the evaluated string, specifically in verifyStr when attempting to parse and validate the expression.",
  "flows": "Input string 'str' is split and validated, then variables are replaced with data values; the resulting string is passed to 'new Function' for syntax validation. The parseFormula and calNum functions perform calculations internally without external effects.",
  "anomalies": "The use of 'new Function' with user-injected expressions poses a potential risk if substitution is manipulated to include malicious code. The variable replacement occurs before executing 'new Function', but if 'data' contains malicious values, it could lead to code injection.",
  "analysis": "The code performs expression validation, variable substitution, and computation of mathematical formulas. The critical point is the use of 'new Function' to evaluate the expression after variable replacement. If 'data' includes malicious code (e.g., 'constructor', '__proto__', or other special properties), this could lead to arbitrary code execution. The substitution replaces keys in the expression with their corresponding data values, but if 'data' values are not sanitized, malicious code could be embedded. There are no evident measures to sanitize or restrict the content of 'data', which is a security concern. The calculation functions (parseFormula, calByStack, calNum) are purely computational and do not involve untrusted input directly. Overall, the main risk resides in 'verifyStr' when evaluating the final expression via 'new Function' after variable substitution, especially if 'data' is user-controlled.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for safe mathematical expression evaluation but contains a potential security vulnerability due to the use of 'new Function' with substituted data. If 'data' contains malicious code, this could lead to remote code execution. The rest of the code appears benign, focusing solely on parsing and calculation. Proper sanitization of 'data' or alternative evaluation methods are recommended to mitigate this risk.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 3
}