{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for processing and scoping CSS selectors, mainly for polyfilling shadow DOM CSS encapsulation in environments that lack native support.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from parameters of functions such as CSS text inputs and CSS selectors. No external data sources or inputs are read directly within this fragment.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform any data leaks, network requests, or dangerous operations. It mainly manipulates CSS strings and placeholders for scoping purposes.",
  "flows": "The code flows involve processing CSS text, replacing selectors, escaping and restoring blocks, and applying scoping functions to style rules. There are no data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The code consists entirely of CSS parsing, string replacement, and pattern matching functions. No obfuscated or suspicious code features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is focused on CSS selector manipulation, including escaping blocks, replacing selectors, and scope application for Shadow DOM polyfill. It uses regular expressions and string operations for these purposes. The functions are typical for CSS processing and do not involve external data fetching or system modifications. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are identified. The code does not perform any network operations, system calls, or access environment variables. It appears to be a library implementation for CSS scoping, with standard practices and no unusual or harmful logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a CSS selector processing utility for polyfilling shadow DOM encapsulation, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It is a standard library for CSS manipulation in web component frameworks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}