{
  "purpose": "This code implements a cryptocurrency wallet that manages keys, addresses, balances, and transaction signing within a blockchain system.",
  "sources": "Reads include passwords, keys, addresses, and blockchain data. Data is generated through cryptographic functions and blockchain state.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data such as private keys and passwords are accessed via secretKey() and signTransaction(). These could be misused if accessed maliciously. Data is also used for address calculation and cryptographic signing.",
  "flows": "Source inputs such as passwords and keys flow into cryptographic functions for address calculation and signing. Attempts are tracked and verified before granting secret key access.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors observed. Attempts tracking is standard. The only unusual aspect is reliance on in-memory attempt counters, but this isn't inherently malicious. Logging the change of blockchain via console.log could be considered unnecessary in production.",
  "analysis": "The code securely manages cryptographic keys and addresses, using cryptographic hashes and standard key management patterns. It implements attempt tracking for secret key recovery, which is reasonable. No code injections or malicious network actions are present. All cryptographic operations are standard. No obfuscation or malicious behavior is evident. The only minor concern is the use of console.log for blockchain changes, which is not malicious but could leak info in production environments. No suspicious external data flows, backdoors, or malware are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of a cryptocurrency wallet with proper cryptographic handling. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. It relies on cryptographic functions and attempt tracking for security. Overall, it seems safe with a very low malware score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}