{
  "purpose": "Render a customizable React Native TextInput component with optional icon, label, help, and error messages.",
  "sources": "Data sources include 'locals' object properties for configuration, styles, and event handlers. Inputs are primarily from 'locals' such as 'icon', 'label', 'help', 'error', 'value', and various TextInput props.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the React Native <TextInput> component which takes user input and displays it. Other sinks include rendering Image components and Text components based on 'locals' properties.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data from 'locals' properties (e.g., 'icon', 'label', 'help', 'error', 'value', event handlers) flow into UI rendering. 'onChange' passes user input, which could be handled elsewhere, but within this code, it is a straightforward callback.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to be straightforward UI rendering with no hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or unusual dynamic execution. No suspicious network activity, file access, or system modification observed. The 'icon' source is user-provided but only used as an Image source. No malicious code is embedded or evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines a React Native component that renders UI elements based on 'locals' configuration. It conditionally applies styles and renders optional components like labels, icons, help text, and errors. No direct data processing or network calls are present. The 'onChange' callback forwards user input, but the actual handling occurs outside this snippet. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system compromise. The code is simple and appears to be a UI component without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign React Native UI component for rendering a customizable textbox with optional label, icon, help, and error messages. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. It appears safe and suitable for use.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}