{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebGL-based 3D IFC model viewer with functionality for loading models, camera control, styling, clipping, and user interaction.",
  "sources": "Reads input data during model loading, reads pixel data for ID picking, and reads from binary buffers during parsing shapes and geometries.",
  "sinks": "Uses WebGL textures and buffers for rendering, reads pixel data for ID detection, and reads user interactions such as mouse events for clipping.",
  "flows": "Input sources (model URL, Blob, File) load binary data into buffers; rendering functions use textures and buffers for visual output; user input triggers events that alter viewer state or perform picking.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network connections are present. The code extensively uses WebGL and binary parsing, which is typical for a 3D viewer. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution is evident; all code appears structured and standard for graphics rendering. The inclusion of an 'export default' statement indicates ES6 module syntax, consistent with modern code practices.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a comprehensive 3D IFC model viewer, handling model loading, rendering, interaction, and styling. It uses standard WebGL extensions and binary data processing. The use of pixel reading for object ID detection is common in 3D picking. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network exfiltration, reverse shells, or cryptomining. The shader code only performs rendering with standard lighting, color, and clipping. The inclusion of libraries like gl-matrix for matrix operations is standard. No suspicious code patterns, hidden network activities, or sabotage mechanisms are found.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured 3D IFC viewer implementation without malicious behavior. It performs typical rendering and interaction tasks expected for such a viewer. No indicators of malware or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}