{
  "purpose": "Define and implement an AddressMatchService class that provides forward and reverse geocoding functionalities by extending a base service class and utilizing an external common utility.",
  "sources": [
    "Import statements: importing ServiceBase, AddressMatchServiceBase, and CommonUtil modules.",
    "Constructor: initializing internal address match service with provided URL and options.",
    "Methods 'code' and 'decode': calling respective methods on the internal address match service, appending URL paths."
  ],
  "sinks": [
    "Methods 'code' and 'decode': passing parameters to external service methods, potentially sending data to external endpoints."
  ],
  "flows": [
    "Input parameters from user: 'params' and optional 'callback' -> used in calling external service methods.",
    "External service method invocation: passing constructed URL paths and parameters to remote services."
  ],
  "anomalies": [
    "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or unusual code patterns.",
    "No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious variable usage.",
    "Use of well-known libraries and a straightforward API wrapper pattern."
  ],
  "analysis": "The code defines a class for geocoding services by extending a base class and wrapping external service calls. It imports modules for core functionality and utility methods, and constructs URLs for API endpoints. The methods 'code' and 'decode' delegate calls to an underlying address matching service, passing parameters and optional callbacks. No suspicious or malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, hidden network connections, or code injection is evident. The code appears to be a standard API wrapper with no obfuscated or malicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a straightforward API wrapper for address matching services, relying on external modules and services. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is safe and typical for service abstraction.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}