{
  "purpose": "The code overrides certain interaction modes (dragging features, vertices, display features, touch/mouse events) in the Mapbox GL Draw library, mainly to customize feature movement and display behaviors, particularly for circle features.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from map events (e.g., e.lngLat), feature properties, and external utility functions like createSupplementaryPoints and createSupplementaryPointsForCircle.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include updating feature coordinates, creating new features (circles), and pushing GeoJSON features for display. These are standard map interactions, not inherently malicious.",
  "flows": "User interaction events (drag, touch end) lead to coordinate updates or feature modifications, which then update the map display. No external data is sent or received outside the map context.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code or hardcoded secrets observed. All functions and variables serve map interaction purposes. No evidence of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code customizes the behavior of feature dragging and display in Mapbox GL Draw, specifically for circle features. It calculates radii, updates feature properties, and manages display states. All operations are consistent with map interaction handling. No obfuscated code or suspicious external calls are present. No hardcoded credentials or network communications are detected. The imported modules are standard or utility functions related to map features. The code appears to be well-structured for its intended purpose without any malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard extension of Mapbox GL Draw's interaction modes for map feature manipulation, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It performs expected map feature updates and display management. No malicious behaviors, malware, or security threats are evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}