{
  "purpose": "Constructs a complex Web Audio API sound synthesis module with oscillators, filters, effects, and ADSR envelopes for sound generation and manipulation.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters such as 'midiNote', 'freq', and ADSR settings; uses external modules for distortion curve, MIDI to frequency conversion, and ADSR application.",
  "sinks": "Sets oscillator frequencies, filter frequencies, and envelope parameters; connects audio nodes to output input.",
  "flows": "Input parameters influence oscillator frequencies and ADSR settings; data flows from external input through parameter updates to audio node configurations.",
  "anomalies": "Uses JSON.stringify/parse for cloning settings, which is inefficient but not malicious; contains a humorous console.log message in stop method; employs randomness in detuning and filter detune values, which is standard in sound design.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a detailed audio processing pipeline with multiple oscillators, filters, gain, delay, distortion, and compression nodes. It employs external modules for distortion shaping, MIDI note conversion, and ADSR envelopes. Random detuning and filter detune values introduce variability, typical in sound synthesis. The cloning of settings via JSON methods is unconventional but not harmful. No network activity, code injection, or secret handling is present. The code is syntactically correct, with no suspicious or malicious behavior detected. The use of randomness and external modules aligns with standard audio design practices. The humorous log message does not impact security. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, complex audio utility with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured Web Audio API sound synthesis utility with no malicious behavior or security risks. Minor inefficiencies such as JSON cloning do not impact security. All signals and external modules are standard for audio processing. The scores of malware 0, obfuscated 0, and risk 0.2 are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}