{
  "purpose": "The function computes all possible summations of elements in an array, including recursive combinations, and sorts the resulting array.",
  "sources": "The function reads input data from the 'array' parameter passed into 'comsummation'. It also modifies the array using 'shift()' which alters the input array directly.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any external output, network transmission, or storage operations. The only data manipulation occurs within the function's scope.",
  "flows": "Input array is read at the start. The recursive call 'comsummation(array)' reads the modified array (which is shifted), generating new outputs. The 'map' operation creates new summation values. The final sorted array is returned.",
  "anomalies": "The function mutates the input array with 'shift()', which can be considered a side effect but not inherently malicious. The code performs recursive calls based on the array length, but no external or suspicious operations are present. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are detected. The code appears to implement a combinatorial summation logic rather than malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code recursively generates all possible summations of array elements, combining 'map' operations with recursive calls. The use of 'shift()' modifies the input array destructively, which might be unintended or inefficient but not malicious. No external data transmission, system access, or obfuscated code is present. The code does not perform any network requests, file operations, or data exfiltration. Overall, it appears to be a mathematical or combinatorial utility function with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a recursive function for generating and sorting all possible summations of array elements. No malicious behavior or security risks are identified. The main concern is the in-place modification of the input array, which may be an unintended side effect but does not imply malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}