{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component for rendering hierarchical nodes with drag-and-drop, collapse/expand, and selection functionalities for a chart visualization.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'datasource' prop, event handlers, and DOM element attributes such as 'id' and 'className'. It also accesses imported services for drag-and-drop and selection management.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could be involved in 'changeHierarchy' callback via 'event.dataTransfer.getData' during drop; DOM attributes like 'id' could be manipulated; JSON parsing occurs on data transfer payload.",
  "flows": "Data is transferred via drag-and-drop: 'dragstart' sets data with JSON.stringify of 'datasource', 'drop' retrieves it with JSON.parse. Selection info is managed through services. Event handlers update state and invoke callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "Use of JSON.stringify and JSON.parse during drag-and-drop without sanitization; no hardcoded credentials or backdoors; no suspicious code to exfiltrate data or connect to external domains; code structure is typical for React components.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a React component that manages hierarchical node rendering with interactive features. It relies on services for drag-and-drop and selection state management. Data transfer involves serializing node data during dragstart and deserializing on drop, which is standard for such interactions. No external network calls, suspicious string concatenations, or dynamic code execution are present. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code appears to be a typical UI component with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a React component for hierarchical chart nodes with standard interaction handling. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. Security risks are minimal; no suspicious or harmful operations are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}