{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component for rendering and managing a hierarchical chart or tree structure with drag-and-drop, collapsible nodes, and node selection functionalities.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'datasource' prop and from service modules ('./service') for drag-and-drop and selection state. Event handlers also read from DOM events.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data includes JSON stringified 'datasource' during dragstart and data transferred during drop. The JSON data from drag-and-drop is parsed directly into the changeHierarchy function.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'datasource' prop through event handlers (dragstart, drop) into service modules, and from service subscriptions into local state. During drag-and-drop, JSON stringified data is transferred and then parsed into changeHierarchy.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns detected. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors observed. The code relies on standard React patterns and service modules for state management. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic evaluation is present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a React component for rendering hierarchical nodes with support for drag-and-drop, collapsing, and selection. It subscribes to services for drag-and-drop info and selected node info, updating local state accordingly. The drag-and-drop handlers use JSON.stringify and JSON.parse to transfer node data, which is typical for such features. There are no signs of malicious data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The data transfer via JSON is straightforward and controlled within the application. The component appears to be a standard UI element with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard React component for hierarchical UI with drag-and-drop and selection features. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It uses typical patterns and interacts with service modules for state management. Overall, the code is benign and safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}