{
  "purpose": "The code provides an Angular-based SDK for integrating Kakao Maps, allowing developers to initialize maps, add overlays, markers, controls, and interact with map events. It acts as a wrapper around the Kakao Maps JavaScript API for easier use within Angular applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from user interactions through event listeners (addListener, addListeners, trigger, etc.), DOM elements (map container), and external inputs such as configuration objects (map options). It also accesses external resources via dynamically injected script tags for loading the Kakao Maps SDK.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the dynamic script injection (which loads external scripts), setting styles of DOM elements (width, height), and passing user input to functions like setContent, setPosition, setZIndex, which could be manipulated if inputs are malicious. Event handling functions could also be exploited if handlers are maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external inputs such as map options, user interactions, or event handlers into map methods (setCenter, setZIndex, setContent). Event listeners propagate map events to registered handlers, and user inputs are passed into API methods, which could lead to security issues if inputs are malicious. Script injection occurs when dynamically appending external SDK scripts.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Usage of external script injection is standard but can be risky if API keys are exposed or improperly handled. No obfuscated code, no hidden network communication, or system modifications are present. No dynamic code execution or suspicious variable naming observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive wrapper around the Kakao Maps JavaScript API, designed for use within Angular applications. It includes functions for creating and managing map objects, overlays, markers, and handling events. The dynamic script loading via 'loadKakaoMapSDK' is standard for SDK initialization but should be checked for proper key handling; however, in this code, the key is passed as a parameter. No hardcoded API keys or secrets are embedded. Event listeners and handlers are set up properly, with no evident malicious behavior. All map operations are performed through the provided API wrapper methods. There is no indication of data exfiltration, network communication outside SDK loading, or backdoors. The code is modular, clean, and adheres to expected patterns, with no obfuscated code or malware indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured SDK wrapper for Kakao Maps, intended for safe integration within Angular projects. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain sabotage. The only consideration is to ensure that API keys are managed securely outside this code. Overall, the code is safe with a low malware score and no significant security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}