{
  "purpose": "The code provides an Angular module and classes to interact with Kakao Maps JavaScript SDK, encapsulating map functionalities such as markers, overlays, controls, and services like geocoding.",
  "sources": "Reads include document.createElement, document.getElementById, and daum.maps.* methods. External script is loaded via dynamically created script element. Data inputs are through class constructors, method parameters, and Angular @Input properties.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the dynamic script injection, map options, and overlay/content management methods. These could lead to code injection if malicious input is supplied via content or options. However, no evident direct code injection vectors are present outside standard SDK usage.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external inputs (e.g., mapOptions, content, style parameters) into SDK method calls, and script loading is triggered by apiKey string concatenation. No evidence of untrusted data being executed as code or network communication initiated by this code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No backdoors, unusual obfuscation, or hidden network communication are present. The dynamic loading of Kakao SDK is standard but depends on supplied API key; the code logs SDK load progress to console. No suspicious content or logic found.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive wrapper for Kakao Maps SDK components, designed for Angular. It dynamically loads the SDK script based on a provided API key, initializes map instances, and exposes various map features as classes. All methods seem to invoke SDK functions, with proper error handling and promise-based asynchronous flow. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, reverse shells, or hidden network activity. Usage of external SDK and dynamic script insertion is standard practice, and input parameters are controlled through the public API or Angular bindings. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate SDK wrapper without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Angular wrapper for Kakao Maps SDK with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It loads external SDK script securely, wraps SDK features, and handles inputs carefully. No malicious signals or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}