{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to fetch and display Instagram user data via Facebook Graph API, including profile info and media posts, and renders this data as React components.",
  "sources": "Environmental variables for API credentials (process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_IG_BUSINESS_ID, process.env.REACT_APP_IG_BUSINESS_ID, process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_IG_ACCESS_TOKEN, process.env.REACT_APP_IG_ACCESS_TOKEN), fetch API request to Facebook Graph URL.",
  "sinks": "Fetch API call that sends API credentials over the network, DOM manipulation for displaying profile and media data.",
  "flows": "Environment variables used in constructing API request URL and Authorization header → fetch request → JSON response → React component rendering data.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or backdoors detected. The code dynamically uses environment variables for sensitive data, which is best practice. No unusual or obfuscated code structures. No code injection or malicious data leaks evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines React components and utility functions for fetching and displaying Instagram data through Facebook's Graph API. It utilizes environment variables to manage API credentials securely, avoiding hard-coded secrets. The fetch request retrieves data and is handled properly with JSON parsing. The React components render fetched data without executing untrusted code or data. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network connections beyond legitimate API calls. The presence of detailed comments and conventional code structure suggests legitimate usage. The only potential concern is the reliance on environment variables, but this is standard practice for managing secrets.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React-based component set for fetching and displaying Instagram data via Facebook Graph API. No malicious behavior or sabotage detected. It adheres to good security practices by using environment variables for sensitive data. Overall, the risk of malicious activity in this code is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}