{
  "purpose": "This code fetches and displays Instagram profile data and media using Facebook's Graph API, including rendering React components for UI.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables for API credentials (process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_IG_BUSINESS_ID, process.env.REACT_APP_IG_BUSINESS_ID, process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_IG_ACCESS_TOKEN, process.env.REACT_APP_IG_ACCESS_TOKEN), and user input (username).",
  "sinks": "Fetch request to Facebook Graph API; React component rendering UI elements with fetched data; external network requests to Facebook domain.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and user input (username) are used to construct API request URL; data fetched via fetch(); response data is processed and rendered into React components.",
  "anomalies": "Use of environment variables for API tokens is standard; no hardcoded credentials found. No unusual or obfuscated code. The fetch URL dynamically includes environment variables but appears legitimate. No hidden network connections or data exfiltration methods are evident. The code comments are benign. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily functions to retrieve Instagram profile data via Facebook's Graph API using environment variables for API credentials, which is a typical pattern. It defines React components to render user profiles and media content, with standard React practices. No hardcoded secrets are detected; environment variables are appropriately used. The fetch request targets Facebook's API endpoint with dynamically constructed URL. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data theft, system compromise, or hidden network communications. The code structure is standard, with no obfuscation or malware indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical React component implementation for fetching and displaying Instagram data via Facebook's API. There are no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks within this code fragment. All operations appear intended for legitimate data retrieval and UI rendering.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}