{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a React-based UI component for displaying Instagram data fetched from Facebook's Graph API, including profile info and media posts.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables for API credentials (process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_IG_BUSINESS_ID, process.env.REACT_APP_IG_BUSINESS_ID, process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_IG_ACCESS_TOKEN, process.env.REACT_APP_IG_ACCESS_TOKEN), user input 'username', and data fetched via fetch API.",
  "sinks": "Data fetched from external Facebook API endpoint; image URLs and media links used directly in src and href attributes; DOM manipulation for rendering content.",
  "flows": "User provides 'username' input → API request URL constructed using environment variables and username → fetch retrieves JSON data → data is processed and rendered in React components, displaying profile info and media images.",
  "anomalies": "Use of environment variables for API tokens and IDs is standard; no hardcoded credentials found. No signs of code obfuscation or hidden code. No dynamic code execution or suspicious network connections beyond standard API fetches. The code properly uses API credentials from environment variables, which is standard practice and not malicious by itself.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React module that fetches Instagram data via Facebook's Graph API using tokens and IDs from environment variables. It constructs request URLs dynamically based on user input and environment variables, then renders profile information and media images. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The fetch requests and rendering logic are standard. No suspicious code patterns, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors are present. The environment variables suggest authorized API access, and all data flows appear intended for displaying social media data. Therefore, no malicious activity or sabotage is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React component for fetching and displaying Instagram data using Facebook Graph API. It employs environment variables for credentials, uses fetch properly, and renders user media content. There are no signs of malicious behavior or security risks in this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}