{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to fetch and display Instagram profile data and media content using Facebook Graph API, with UI components for rendering profile info and media grid.",
  "sources": "Data is read from environment variables (process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_IG_BUSINESS_ID, process.env.REACT_APP_IG_BUSINESS_ID, process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_IG_ACCESS_TOKEN, process.env.REACT_APP_IG_ACCESS_TOKEN), and from function parameters (username, style, limit).",
  "sinks": "API fetch request to Facebook Graph API endpoint, and rendering of profile data, images, and media content in React components.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and function parameters are used as sources for API request URLs and data; fetch response data flows into React JSX for UI rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials; code uses environment variables for sensitive info. The API request URL dynamically incorporates environment variables, which is standard. The code structure and naming are normal; no unusual obfuscation or hidden behaviors. The commented-out code is benign. No hidden or suspicious code segments are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code properly uses environment variables for API credentials, avoiding hardcoded secrets. The fetch call retrieves data from Facebook Graph API, and the response is parsed and used in React components to display profile and media info. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior is detected. The code does not perform any suspicious network activity besides legitimate API requests. No backdoors or hidden data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The use of React and third-party icons appears standard. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical React component implementation for fetching and displaying Instagram data via Facebook API, with proper handling of environment variables for credentials. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. The code appears safe and aligns with standard practices for API data fetching and UI rendering.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}