{
  "purpose": "The code defines an A-Frame component 'ar-planes' for managing AR plane detection, tracking, and event emission in a WebXR AR environment.",
  "sources": "Reads data from 'sceneEl.components['three-ar']', 'sceneEl.components['mozilla-xr-ar']', and plane objects' properties such as 'identifier', 'timestamp', 'modelMatrix', 'extent', 'center', 'polygon', 'vertices', 'position', and 'orientation'.",
  "sinks": "Emits custom events ('anchorsadded', 'anchorsupdated', 'anchorsremoved') with data about plane states; no external data sinks are directly involved.",
  "flows": "Data flows from AR plane detection sources through the 'tick' method, which compares current plane data with stored state, then emits events based on added, updated, or removed planes.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors, such as hardcoded credentials, hidden backdoors, or code designed to leak data. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation detected. The code performs typical AR plane tracking logic.",
  "analysis": "The code manages AR plane detection and state tracking by polling plane data each frame in the 'tick' function. It uses plane identifiers and timestamps to detect changes, and updates internal state accordingly. It emits events for added, updated, or removed planes. The implementation appears straightforward, with no signs of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It does not send data externally, access environment variables, or perform any suspicious operations. There are no obfuscated or minified segments; the code is clear and well-structured. The only notable activity is event emission based on AR plane detection, which is typical for such components.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard AR plane management component with no malicious or suspicious behavior detected. It performs plane detection, comparison, and event emission in a typical manner. No malware, backdoors, data exfiltration, or security risks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}