{
  "purpose": "This code implements peak detection algorithms, including identifying local maxima, filtering peaks by distance, and constructing options for peak detection based on user input.",
  "sources": "Reads from the input parameter 'data' (array of arrays), and from the required './utils' module.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or manipulations occur in functions where data is processed or filtered, especially if external data influences 'userOptions' or 'utils' functions. No explicit sinks for untrusted data are present, but improper handling of input could lead to incorrect processing.",
  "flows": "Data is read from the 'data' array and 'userOptions', processed through various filtering and analysis functions, culminating in the 'peaks' array being filtered by distance, prominence, and width criteria.",
  "anomalies": "There are several issues such as undeclared variables (e.g., 'i' in 'filterByDistance'), potential logic errors (e.g., 'return (peakProminence >= options.width)' without defining 'peakProminence'), and possibly incomplete code (missing return statements in 'maximumLocal' and 'peaks'). The code has inconsistent style and some undefined references (e.g., 'Maths' should be 'Math'). No hardcoded secrets or malicious code patterns detected. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation observed.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement a peak detection algorithm inspired by SciPy's find_peaks. It reads data points and identifies local maxima, then filters peaks based on distance and other criteria. The logic involves sorting peaks by magnitude, filtering based on distance functions, and defining bases around each peak. Issues include variable misdeclarations (e.g., 'i'), incomplete or incorrect filtering logic (e.g., undefined 'peakProminence' in width filtering), and inconsistent coding practices. There is no evidence of malicious code such as network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors. No obfuscation or hidden code is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily performs legitimate signal processing tasks for peak detection, with some coding errors and incomplete segments. No malicious behavior or malware signals are detected. The code's design does not suggest any security threats, but it contains bugs that could affect correctness. Overall, it appears safe with recommended fixes for logical errors.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}