{
  "purpose": "Performs weighted random selection from an array of items based on their 'percent' property.",
  "sources": "Reads 'n.itemsList' input, sums 'percent' values, creates cumulative array, generates random number, finds index where cumulative exceeds random, retrieves item.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted 'itemsList' input, but no unsafe sinks or data leaks are present.",
  "flows": "Input 'itemsList' -> sum 'percent' -> create cumulative array -> generate random -> find index -> select item.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code detected. No obfuscation or malicious patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard weighted random selection algorithm. It reads input data, calculates total weight, constructs a cumulative distribution, and selects an item based on a random value scaled by total weight. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscation or malicious behavior. All reports agree on its benign nature. The use of Math.random() is acceptable for probabilistic selection but not cryptographically secure; however, this does not constitute a security risk in this context. No vulnerabilities or suspicious activity are present. The code handles input safely, assuming 'percent' values are valid. Edge cases such as zero total weight are not explicitly handled but are outside the scope of this review. Overall, the code is safe, well-structured, and performs its intended function without security concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, straightforward weighted random selector with no malicious or obfuscated elements. The analysis confirms the absence of security risks or malicious behavior. The assigned malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and security risk score is approximately 0.1 due to the use of Math.random(), which is acceptable for non-security-critical randomness. The scores are consistent with the code's behavior and the reports' findings.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}