{
  "purpose": "The code defines a function 'signalStruct' that creates reactive signal-based structures for JavaScript objects and arrays, facilitating reactive programming by turning object properties into signals and computed properties.",
  "sources": "Data inputs originate from function parameters 'values' and object property descriptors. No external data sources are directly read within this code.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting property values which could be manipulated if untrusted data is passed. However, no system calls, network requests, or sensitive data leaks are directly evident.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into the 'signalStruct' function, where it is processed into reactive signals. Property accessors and setters may modify internal signals based on input data. No external untrusted data flow to external systems is present.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. The code utilizes signals and reactive structures in a standard manner. No obfuscated code, suspicious network connections, or system manipulations are present. The commented imports suggest different signal libraries but are benign and do not affect execution.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured implementation of reactive signals for JavaScript objects and arrays, utilizing 'sube' and '@preact/signals-core'. It defines getters and setters to create reactive signals, supports observables, and converts nested objects and arrays into signal structures. No external data is fetched, and no suspicious logic or malicious behavior is detected. The code appears to be well-structured and intended for reactive state management without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate reactive state management utility using signals. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It processes data internally to create reactive signals without external data leaks or system manipulation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}