{
  "purpose": "Render a 3D textured cube with lighting effects using WebGL shaders and buffers.",
  "sources": [
    "Document element retrieval (getElementById) for 'webgl'.",
    "User-provided shader source code strings (VSHADER_SOURCE and FSHADER_SOURCE).",
    "Initialization of buffers for vertices, colors, normals, and indices.",
    "Uniform variables for light color and direction, set via gl.uniform3f and gl.uniform3fv.",
    "Matrix operations for setting up perspective and camera view.",
    "Drawing the cube with gl.drawElements."
  ],
  "sinks": [
    "Uniform variables 'u_LightColor' and 'u_LightDirection' used in shaders for lighting calculations.",
    "Vertex attribute buffers for positions, colors, normals.",
    "Data sent to GPU for rendering."
  ],
  "flows": [
    "Retrieving DOM element → getWebGLContext → initialize shaders → set up buffers → set uniform variables → define matrices → clear buffers → draw elements.",
    "Shader program uses input attributes and uniforms to compute color per vertex and fragment.",
    "Normal, color, and position data flow from buffers to shader attributes; lighting data flows from JavaScript to shader uniforms.",
    "Matrices and lighting info flow into shaders to affect final pixel color."
  ],
  "anomalies": [
    "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network activity, or external data retrieval present.",
    "All shader code appears to be standard GLSL code for lighting calculations.",
    "Buffer data are standard vertex, color, and normal data for a cube model; no unusual or dynamic code execution.",
    "No dynamic code evaluation, eval, or other code injection techniques observed.",
    "All code appears to be a standard WebGL rendering setup for a cube with lighting; no obfuscated code, minified code, or hidden instructions.",
    "No code performs network requests, system modifications, or data leaks."
  ],
  "analysis": "The code sets up a WebGL rendering context to display a 3D cube with lighting effects. It retrieves the canvas element, initializes shaders, and creates buffers for vertices, colors, normals, and indices. It uses uniform variables for light color and direction, which are safely set with fixed values and normalized vectors. The matrix setup for perspective and camera view is standard, and rendering is performed via drawElements. No external inputs, code injection, network communication, or data exfiltration methods are present. The code is straightforward, standard, and lacks suspicious or malicious features. It does not include any obfuscated, minified, or dynamically evaluated code segments.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard WebGL application for rendering a lit cube and contains no malicious behavior or security risks. It uses safe practices for buffer setup and shader uniform management. No anomalies or malware signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}