{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions to implement debounce and throttle mechanisms on class methods to control their invocation rate, often used in event handling such as user input or scrolling.",
  "sources": "The functions read method references from class prototypes, and in the case of debounce, also store timeout identifiers as object properties; in throttle, store last execution timestamp and deferred timer.",
  "sinks": "The code executes methods via apply, which could potentially execute untrusted or malicious code if the class methods are malicious. It manipulates timers and method calls, but does not directly handle user input or external data sources.",
  "flows": "Input from class method invocation triggers the proxy functions which manage timers and invoke the original methods based on timing logic. No external data or untrusted input is explicitly processed within these functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward utility functions with standard implementation of debounce and throttle. No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or unusual behavior is present. No network or file system operations are performed.",
  "analysis": "The code modifies class prototypes to wrap existing methods with debounce or throttle logic, using timers and timestamps. It uses clearTimeout, setTimeout, and method.apply, which are common JavaScript features. No dynamic code evaluation, obfuscated code, or suspicious external communication is present. The code appears to be a typical implementation of debouncing and throttling techniques, used for rate limiting method calls. It does not process user data directly, nor does it perform any external communication or sensitive operations.",
  "conclusion": "This code provides rate-limiting wrappers for class methods with standard techniques. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is safe and intended for performance optimization in event-driven scenarios.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}