{
  "purpose": "The code is a Vue.js calendar component library designed for mobile usage, enabling date selection, navigation, and display functionalities within a Vue application.",
  "sources": "The main source is the Vue component code within 'calendar.vue' which reads props (like date, max/min date, disabled dates) and user interaction events; it also reads assets such as images embedded as base64 strings. No external untrusted sources are directly invoked.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily manipulates internal component state and emits events; it does not write to or read from the filesystem, nor does it perform network requests, execute system commands, or access environment variables.",
  "flows": "User interaction (touch events, clicks) updates internal state such as selected date and toggles calendar display modes; these do not route to external sinks. No data flows from untrusted sources; data flows are confined within the component and Vue props/events.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation detected. Assets like images are base64-encoded and standard. The code uses standard libraries (core-js polyfills, Vue runtime) without suspicious modifications. No hidden network activity or unusual code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive Vue.js calendar component implementing typical calendar features, with proper handling of date logic, user interaction, and display. It imports necessary polyfills for browser compatibility. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system sabotage. The assets are embedded as safe base64 images. The code structure is typical of a UI library, and no suspicious code patterns or obfuscated code segments are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured Vue.js calendar component library with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It functions as a UI component without performing any dangerous operations. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}