{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for parsing Well-Known Text (WKT) strings into structured objects and normalizing curve geometries for use in geographic applications.",
  "sources": "User-provided WKT input string in parseWkt function; internal parsing functions reading from the string during tokenization.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the return of the parsed and normalized geometric data structure; no network or file I/O is involved.",
  "flows": "Input WKT string -> tokenization and parsing functions -> structured geometry object -> normalization process -> output structure.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or hidden code. The code does not perform network operations, file manipulations, or execute dynamic code. The consume function does pattern matching but only for parsing purposes. The normalizing functions manipulate data structures without side effects. The use of template strings in throw statements could be improved for security but is not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code begins by defining normalization functions for geographic curves, handling specific types like 'circularstring', 'compoundcurve', 'curvepolygon', and 'linestring'. It then defines a WKT parser that tokenizes and interprets a string into a nested array structure, converting various geometry types into a standard form. The functions rely on regular expressions for tokenization and parsing, with no use of eval or other dynamic code execution. The code primarily manipulates data in-memory without external I/O or secret handling. No indicators of malware such as data exfiltration, command execution, or network activity are present. The only minor concern is the use of throw statements with string interpolation, which is standard and not suspicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for parsing and normalizing WKT geometries. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious operations. It is safe and intended for geographic data processing with no evident security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}