{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to parse WKT strings into a structured format suitable for manipulating curve geometries and to normalize these geometries into standard forms.",
  "sources": "The main data input is the WKT string (wktString parameter) which is read during parsing. Internal variables like 'pos' and temporary arrays also serve as data sources.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of string methods (match, slice), throwing errors, and returning data structures. No external data transmission or resource manipulation is evident.",
  "flows": "Input WKT string flows through parsing functions, which then produce structured data. During normalization, data flows through recursive functions that modify the geometry representations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs are present. The only notable feature is the 'throw' statement for unsupported types, which is standard error handling. No dynamic code execution, eval, or external network operations are used. No obfuscation or malicious side effects are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code parses WKT geometries into a structured array format. It includes normalization logic to convert complex geometries into standardized forms, such as splitting circular strings with more than 3 points. Parsing relies solely on string matching and regex, with no external resource calls or side effects. Error handling is limited to throwing exceptions on unexpected types. The functions do not contain any code that could be considered malicious, such as data exfiltration, system modification, or covert communication. The use of throw is typical for input validation. The code appears safe and intended for geometry processing.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs parsing and normalization of WKT geometry strings with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is well-structured for its purpose and does not contain any malware or security risks beyond standard input validation and error handling. The confidence level is high that this is a benign utility script.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}