{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to parse WKT strings into structured objects and normalize curve data for geospatial applications.",
  "sources": "Input is the wktString parameter provided to parseWkt, and internal data processing functions consume parts of this string.",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly output data to external systems; however, the parseWkt function returns a structured object, which could be used downstream for further processing or transmission.",
  "flows": "The main flow involves parsing the WKT string into an object, then optionally normalizing the curve data. The normalization function recursively processes geometric types, splitting circular strings and converting types as specified.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no obfuscated code, malicious system calls, or suspicious network activities. No hardcoded credentials or secret tokens are present. The only notable feature is the 'throw' statement for unsupported types, which is standard error handling.",
  "analysis": "The code performs parsing of WKT strings into nested arrays representing geometric objects, with support for various types such as circularstring, compoundcurve, and curvepolygon. It employs regular expressions for tokenization and recursive functions for parsing nested structures. The normalizeCurve function restructures geometric data by splitting circular strings with more than 3 points into multiple segments, and converts geometries to 'compoundcurve' or maintains their types. There are no signs of malicious code, external data exfiltration, or harmful system manipulation. All operations are confined to parsing and data transformation, with no external system interaction. The 'throw' statement for unsupported types is standard error handling, not malicious. Overall, the code appears legitimate, focusing on geospatial data parsing and normalization.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard parsing and normalization utility for WKT geometries with no malicious intent detected. It operates solely on input strings and produces structured data, with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}