{
  "purpose": "CSS style declaration processor that applies user-defined functions to style values by matching function calls via regex and replacing them with computed results.",
  "sources": "CSS declaration 'value' strings where function calls are matched and extracted.",
  "sinks": "Replacement of 'decl.value' with evaluated function results; invocation of functions from external 'functions' object.",
  "flows": "Regex matches function name and arguments; arguments are processed; functions are invoked; results replace original calls; temporary renaming with random strings prevents infinite loops.",
  "anomalies": "Use of Math.random() to generate suffixes for internal function renaming; no malicious code or network activity detected.",
  "analysis": "The code matches function calls in CSS declarations, invokes corresponding functions, and replaces calls with their evaluated output. It employs regex for matching, uses random suffixes to avoid infinite loops, and relies on external functions which could be malicious if untrusted. No network, file, or data exfiltration is present. The use of randomness is benign, likely for conflict avoidance or simple obfuscation. The code is straightforward and typical for CSS preprocessors. No hardcoded secrets or malicious patterns are detected. The main risk depends on the trustworthiness of the external 'functions' object, but this is outside the code's control. Overall, the code is safe and intended for CSS preprocessing.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard CSS utility for applying functions to style declarations, with no evidence of malware or malicious obfuscation. The primary security concern is trusting the external 'functions' object. The use of random suffixes is benign. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk is low (~0.2). It is safe to use in controlled environments with trusted functions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}