{
  "purpose": "This code extends and overrides some methods of the Mapbox GL Draw direct select mode to customize feature dragging, vertex movement, and feature display behaviors, specifically for circle and polygon features.",
  "sources": "Libraries imported from '@mapbox/mapbox-gl-draw/src/lib/', '@mapbox/mapbox-gl-draw', '@turf/distance', '@turf/helpers', '@turf/circle', and a local utility '../utils/create_supplementary_points_circle'. These are primarily standard open-source dependencies for map and geometry manipulation.",
  "sinks": "Method calls that modify feature properties and coordinates, specifically 'moveFeatures', 'updateCoordinate', and direct property mutations such as 'property.center' and 'radiusInKm'. No direct network or file system access is present.",
  "flows": "User interaction triggers 'dragFeature' or 'dragVertex', which modify feature coordinates or properties. These updates are confined to feature geometry and properties within the map application context; no external data flows or system commands are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network activity, are present. The code is mainly manipulating feature geometries and properties locally. There are no unusual dynamic code evaluations, obfuscated patterns, or data exfiltration attempts.",
  "analysis": "The code overrides map interaction modes for dragging features and vertices, especially handling circles by recalculating radius based on user input. It updates feature properties and geometries accordingly, utilizing external libraries for distance calculation and feature creation. The methods operate purely on local data structures and do not perform network requests or system modifications. No suspicious or malicious code behavior is detected; the code appears to be a legitimate extension of map feature handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard customization of Mapbox GL Draw interaction modes for geometric features. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It manipulates feature data within the client-side application only, with no evidence of malicious intent or security vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}