{
  "purpose": "The code provides a custom JSON stringifier with advanced formatting options, including table formatting and array/object pretty-printing, primarily for debugging or data visualization purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters 'value' and 'options'. It processes nested objects and arrays, accessing properties and elements throughout.",
  "sinks": "The code performs string concatenations for formatting output. It binds and calls user-provided functions such as 'replace', 'allowInline', and 'allowTable', which could potentially be malicious if these functions are untrusted or maliciously crafted by the user.",
  "flows": "Input data is processed recursively via 'processValue', passing through source points. User-defined functions (replace, allowInline, allowTable) are invoked during processing, potentially altering data or controlling formatting. The final formatted string is returned.",
  "anomalies": "Use of optional chaining and default options is standard; no unusual code constructs are present. The code supports custom replacer functions, which could be exploited if supplied by untrusted sources. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or covert data exfiltration mechanisms are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a complex JSON stringifier with extensive customization features, including table formatting, inline options, and user-provided replacer functions. It processes data recursively, allowing user functions to modify or filter data during serialization. The binding and invocation of user functions ('replace', 'allowInline', 'allowTable') are points where malicious behavior could be introduced if these functions are malicious. The code performs typical string formatting and array/object traversal without obfuscation or suspicious logic. No network activity, system calls, or data exfiltration is observed. The overall structure is consistent with legitimate data serialization and formatting logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a sophisticated JSON formatter designed for readability and customization. While it allows user functions to modify data during processing, this feature is common and not inherently malicious. There is no evidence of malicious intent, malware, or security risks within this code fragment. The use of user-supplied functions warrants caution if those functions originate from untrusted sources, but the code itself is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}