{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a Webpack bundled React and styled-components based application, primarily responsible for rendering styled components, CSS rules, and React components related to UI elements such as radar and shape visualizations.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters and component props, including data arrays, configuration objects, and environment variables. Reads from global objects like window and document during DOM manipulations.",
  "sinks": "Uses React createElement to render components and injects CSS styles into the DOM via style tags and styleSheet insertions. No direct network or file system operations are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and environment variables into React component rendering, style generation, and CSS rule insertion. Style rules are dynamically generated and injected into the DOM, and React components are rendered based on input data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network calls. The code extensively uses dynamic functions for CSS rule creation and React component rendering, which is standard for styled-components. The obfuscated-like structure is typical for minified/webpack-bundled code, not necessarily malicious. No hidden system or network actions detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a complex, minified Webpack bundle of React components styled with styled-components, responsible for rendering UI elements with CSS animations and styles. It dynamically creates CSS rules, styles, and React components based on input data. No suspicious network requests, system modifications, or data leaks are visible. The code does not access or leak environment variables, credentials, or sensitive data. The structure suggests it is production code, not intentionally malicious. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets or suspicious code flow are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical bundled React application involving styled-components for UI rendering. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks within this module. The observed complexity and minified structure are consistent with optimized production code, with no evidence of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}