{
  "purpose": "This code defines saga-related functions for managing asynchronous side effects in a Redux application, such as starting, canceling, and handling actions with takeEvery and takeLatest.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from function parameters, object keys, and imported modules. It does not read external inputs directly within the code fragment.",
  "sinks": "The code executes effects like 'call', 'cancelled', 'take', 'takeEvery', 'takeLatest', and 'call' again, which are used for handling asynchronous control flow and side effects within Redux-Saga. No data is directly leaked or sent externally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (action mappings) through saga functions, leading to side effects handled by redux-saga effects, without external data transmission or modification.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of Redux-Saga builders. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. It relies on standard patterns and imported modules. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or unusual variable naming is present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements saga creation, worker assignment, and action handling using redux-saga effects, with clear modular functions. It manages saga lifecycles with start and cancel functions, and uses standard patterns for listening to actions. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or malicious code injection are evident. The use of 'effects' functions aligns with typical Redux-Saga practices, and no external or untrusted data sources are accessed. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate saga management library fragment with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for managing Redux-Saga effects and lifecycle, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not perform any suspicious or malicious actions, and the code structure and logic are consistent with legitimate asynchronous handling in Redux.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}