{
  "purpose": "This code is a cross-platform build system for packaging applications, involving downloading dependencies, resource modifications, file copying, compression, and installer creation. It automates the process of preparing distributable packages for Windows, macOS, and Linux.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from configuration files (package.json, manifest.json), environment variables (via external modules), and external dependencies fetched over the network (Downloader, FFmpegDownloader). It also reads and modifies resource files like plist and Windows resource files.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include file system operations (writeFile, rename, copy), external tool invocations (rcedit, nsis), and network requests for dependency downloads. No untrusted data is directly executed or injected into the code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from configuration inputs and external dependency fetches into resource modification, packaging, and installer generation steps. External modules fetch dependencies, which are then packaged or embedded into installers, with resource files updated accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The code uses standard modules and practices for build automation. No suspicious network activity beyond dependency fetching, which is typical.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive build automation tool that handles downloading, resource editing, file copying, compression, and installer creation across platforms. It employs standard modules and external tools appropriately. No malicious behaviors, obfuscation, or hidden code are evident. The network activity for dependencies is normal. The code structure is clear, and the functions perform expected tasks without suspicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured build system for cross-platform application packaging. It performs standard operations without malicious intent or obfuscation. The scores assigned in the reports—malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, security risk: 0.2—are justified and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}