{
  "purpose": "The code is a build system for packaging applications across multiple platforms and architectures, generating installers, archives, and modifying application resources. It handles file copying, compression, versioning, and platform-specific modifications.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration files (package.json, manifest.json), input files via globby, environment variables, and user-provided options. Fetches and extracts NW.js binaries, FFmpeg, and dependencies.",
  "sinks": "File system operations (read/write files, rename, remove), process execution (via imported modules), network requests (fetching binaries), and resource modification (rcedit, plist).",
  "flows": "Configuration data flows from JSON files and options to build steps; dependencies and binaries are fetched from network sources; files are copied and compressed; platform-specific resource modifications are performed; version info and installer scripts are generated and executed.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears highly structured with no signs of obfuscation or hidden behavior. It leverages common libraries for file operations and resource editing. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No network communication beyond dependency fetches. No suspicious code patterns such as dynamic code execution, eval, or reverse shells.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive build system with multiple stages: preparing platform-specific resources, copying files, compressing into archives, modifying application metadata, and generating installers. It uses standard modules for filesystem, path, and process management. All operations are aligned with normal build procedures. No signs of malicious payload, data exfiltration, or unauthorized access are evident. The only potential concern could be network requests for binaries, but these are standard for package fetching and not inherently malicious. The code is well-structured, with clear function separation, and employs safe practices for file handling and resource modification.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate build automation tool for cross-platform application packaging. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage indicators. No malware or security risks are apparent. The code focuses on packaging, resource editing, and installer generation without suspicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}