{
  "purpose": "This code defines a module for creating and handling numeric quantities with optional uncertainty and unit support, primarily for computational purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from external modules './lib/number' and './lib/config', and takes input via function arguments passed to createNumber and isq functions.",
  "sinks": "The code processes arguments to create number or quantity objects, and accesses config properties. No direct sink for untrusted data leading to security impact is evident; no external network or sensitive system interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Input data from function arguments flows into parsing and object construction via 'require' modules. The data is used internally without external output or network transfer.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code appears straightforward, with no obfuscated code, unusual dynamic code execution, or suspicious variable usage. No signs of malicious privacy or system data leakage.",
  "analysis": "The code imports local modules, defines functions to create numeric and uncertain quantities, and exposes an interface with properties and methods. It performs standard type checking and object instantiation, with no suspicious logic or external data exfiltration. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as network activity, code injection, or data theft. The usage of 'require' suggests dependency on external modules, but nothing suspicious is indicated from their usage here. Overall, the code functions as a utility library with safe patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward utility module for numerical and unit handling with no evidence of malicious intent or malicious code. It reads and processes data within expected patterns without any suspicious activities. It appears safe based on the provided fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}