{
  "purpose": "This code module generates a GraphQL resolver schema with specific arguments and a response structure, primarily for querying data with filters, aggregations, and pagination.",
  "sources": "Imports from local files ('./aggregations', './queryBuilder', './filters') and the GraphQL schema fetched from '../graphql'. The code also reads from function parameters (opts, properties, transform).",
  "sinks": "Uses bound functions like queryBuilder.bind() which may execute queries; constructs GraphQL object types and fields. No explicit sinks involve network or file system operations, but execution depends on the behavior of queryBuilder and related functions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (opts, properties, transform) -> createArgsFilters and aggregations functions -> GraphQL schema construction -> resolve function (via queryBuilder.bind) which may execute data queries.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code detected. Use of require() for modules is standard. No unusual behavior observed.",
  "analysis": "The module imports dependencies necessary for building GraphQL schemas and query logic. It creates argument filters and aggregations, attaches them to the schema, and sets up a resolve function for executing queries. The code appears to follow typical patterns for GraphQL resolver generation. No evidence of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, system modification, or malicious network activity, is present. It relies on external modules for core functionality, but within this snippet, no unsafe or malicious practices are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard GraphQL resolver schema builder that dynamically creates arguments and response types based on provided options. It does not contain malicious behavior or supply chain risks within the examined scope. No anomalies or malware indicators are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}