{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to process IFC files by converting them into Collada format using an external conversion tool.",
  "sources": "The code reads input file paths from 'context.assetsPaths' and 'conv.conversionOptions' for conversion parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code executes an external process using 'child_process.spawn' with the path from 'config_1.default.ifcConvertPath' and parameters derived from input paths and options.",
  "flows": "Sources include input file paths; flows lead to the external process execution ('child_process.spawn') which operates on these paths, generating output files in a temporary directory. The process output is aggregated in memory.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behavior detected. The process involves executing an external conversion tool with user-supplied paths and options, but this is standard for such functionality. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages file conversion workflows: creating temporary directories, iterating over asset paths, and invoking an external IFC to Collada conversion tool via 'child_process.spawn'. It captures stdout and stderr for logging, monitors process completion, and updates asset paths accordingly. No malicious logic such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful operations is present. It handles errors by rejecting promises with custom error types, which is standard. The external tool path is read from a configuration, and the code executes command-line processes based on trusted parameters. Overall, the code performs its intended function without signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a file conversion workflow invoking an external tool. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected. It follows normal patterns for such processing with no suspicious signals.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}