{
  "purpose": "This code provides a robust implementation for parsing, formatting, and manipulating URIs in JavaScript, including query data handling, path resolution, and component encoding/decoding.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from input URI strings, method parameters (e.g., scheme, userInfo, domain, port, path, query, fragment), and internal state variables.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs URI strings via toString() and related methods, and provides accessors for URI components and query parameters. It also modifies internal state variables and query data.",
  "flows": "Input URI strings are parsed into components (sources), potentially modified via setters or query data methods, then reconstructed into URI strings via toString() (sink). Internal query data manipulations may flow from input parameters to query string output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns identified. The code extensively uses encoding and decoding functions in a standard manner. No obfuscated code or unusual control flow. All methods conform to expected URI handling behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, well-structured implementation for URI parsing and formatting, following RFC 3986. It handles various components carefully, providing methods for setting/getting parts, resolving relative URIs, and managing query parameters. No suspicious operations such as network communication, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors are present. The functions utilize standard encoding/decoding functions and do not execute dynamic code or access environment variables. The query data class manages parameters securely with cloning and filtering capabilities, with no indications of malicious manipulation or hidden data leaks. Overall, the code appears to be a typical utility library for URI handling with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive URI utility implementation with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It follows standard practices, and its operations are limited to URI parsing, manipulation, and formatting. No malware, suspicious behaviors, or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}