{
  "purpose": "This code implements a custom video track component with preview capabilities, including handling user interactions for seeking within a video player, and rendering a preview video element.",
  "sources": "Input sources include 'props' for progress, preview, video duration, and global event handlers; DOM elements for pointer events; external signals and derived values for dynamic styling and preview updates.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include 'props.onSeek' for seeking updates, DOM style manipulations, and event handlers that respond to user interactions. No data leaks or system modifications are evident.",
  "flows": "Input from user pointer events (pointerdown, move, up) flow through event handlers to update 'props.onSeek' and manipulate preview video positioning; data flows from 'props.progress' and 'props.preview' to render dynamic styles and preview elements.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are detected. External libraries are standard, with no suspicious API calls. The code uses throttle for preview updates and manages pointer events securely. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a React-like component for a video seek bar with thumbnail previews. It uses external libraries for throttling and utility functions for math and event stopping. Event handlers for pointer events and dynamic style derivations are implemented properly, preventing common vulnerabilities. The preview video element is created with controlled attributes; no code indicates data exfiltration or system compromise. The code structure and behavior are consistent with typical video UI components, and no malicious signals are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard implementation of a video seek bar with thumbnail preview functionality. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or sabotage patterns. The use of external libraries and safe event handling suggests a legitimate, security-conscious design.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}