{
  "purpose": "This code defines functions and presets for creating, manipulating, and splitting cubic Bezier curves, primarily for animation easing and graphical purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'coord', 'el', 'selfCoord', and 'options' objects; it also uses preset Bezier curve parameters from 'exports.presets'.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive operations include filtering of coordinate arrays and mathematical calculations for splitting curves, but no direct sinks for untrusted data, network operations, or file access are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (coordinates, rates) flow through functions like 'getCubicBezier', 'splitCubicBezier', and 'splitKeyFrame', producing modified curve data or scaled coordinates. There are no external data flows such as network or file I/O.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard mathematical and data manipulation routines for Bezier curves with no signs of obfuscation, backdoors, or hidden behaviors. No hard-coded credentials or malicious code patterns are evident. The code structure is straightforward, focusing on curve calculations.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a collection of utility functions for handling cubic Bezier curves, including creating preset curves, extracting control points, splitting curves at a given rate, and fitting coordinates within a unit square. The functions perform mathematical operations, array filtering, and coordinate transformations with no external data or system commands. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network communication, or code injection. The code is well-structured and focused on mathematical curve manipulation, which is common in animation libraries. No anomalies, obfuscation, or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a benign utility library for cubic Bezier curves used in animations or graphics. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. The code is clean, with no suspicious patterns or external data interactions. Overall, it is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}