{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component called 'PhotoGraph' for capturing and sharing photos within a 3D environment, involving avatar pose configurations, camera controls, and UI elements for interaction.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported dependencies, environment variables (though not explicitly shown here), DOM elements (such as style creation), and component props including pose configurations and callback functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation (adding styles), triggering user interface updates, and invoking callback functions like onExit. However, no network requests or system modifications are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and imported modules to internal state and callbacks. User interactions (clicks, pose changes) update state and trigger animations or UI changes. No evidence of data being sent externally or harmful effects.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically creates style tags and manages component state with React hooks, which are standard. No hard-coded credentials, suspicious URL connections, or hidden code segments are present. No obfuscated or malicious code features detected. No direct or indirect data leaks or backdoors are visible.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component implementing a photo capture feature in a 3D avatar environment. It manages camera positioning, avatar animations, user interface controls, and sharing functionality. It relies on several external libraries and custom hooks, but all interactions appear legitimate and confined to UI/UX operations. No network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications are observed. The style injection is standard for scoped CSS. The code includes event tracking, but this is typical for analytics and not malicious. Overall, the code appears to serve a specific, benign purpose with no suspicious or malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a React-based UI component for photo capture within a 3D environment, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles user interactions, avatar poses, and sharing in a controlled manner. No malicious signals or security risks detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}