{
  "purpose": "This script provides functionality to copy text or DOM elements to the clipboard, supporting different modes like copying plain text, selected content, or HTML elements. It also supports triggering copy actions via event listeners and jQuery extensions.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from data attributes ('data-simplecopy-*'), innerHTML of DOM elements, and selected or focused elements in the document.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the use of document.execCommand('copy') which performs the copy operation, and the creation of textarea elements for temporary clipboard copying.",
  "flows": "The code reads data attributes or element contents (sources), then performs copy actions via execCommand or selection manipulation (sinks). The data flows from attribute or element content to the clipboard via these commands.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be straightforward clipboard utility functions. No suspicious code such as network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. No use of dynamic code execution or obfuscated code. Minor concern: reliance on deprecated execCommand('copy'), but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for copying text and DOM content to the clipboard, with support for selecting specific parts or entire elements. It uses standard DOM APIs and event listeners. The code does not perform any network requests, file modifications, or hidden actions. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected. The usage of temporary textarea elements for copying is a common pattern. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are present. Overall, this appears to be a benign utility library for clipboard interactions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate clipboard utility script with no signs of malicious intent. It securely copies text or DOM content to the clipboard and provides jQuery integration. No malware or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}