{
  "purpose": "The script provides functionality for copying text or HTML content from DOM elements or data attributes to the clipboard, enabling easy content duplication within web pages.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include 'data-simplecopy-' prefixed attributes, target DOM elements queried via selectors, and innerHTML or textContent of elements.",
  "sinks": "Clipboard write operations performed via document.execCommand('copy'), direct DOM manipulation, and setting of attributes. No network requests or data leaks are evident.",
  "flows": "Data from data attributes or DOM element contents flows into clipboard via copyText or copyWithoutFormat functions, with no external network or system interaction.",
  "anomalies": "Code uses dynamic DOM manipulations and event handling for copying actions. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code is fairly straightforward and adheres to standard clipboard operations. No obfuscated or unusual language features detected.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a simple copy utility that reacts to user clicks, extracting data from attributes or DOM elements, and copying to the clipboard. It handles different element types, including form fields and contentEditable elements. It uses standard APIs like execCommand('copy') and DOM selection ranges. No malicious behavior, such as network requests, data exfiltration, or hidden code, is present. The use of attributes for data passing appears legitimate for a copy utility. The code is not minified or obfuscated; it is well-structured. The only potential concern is if the script is injected maliciously to override copy behavior or gather data, but as a standalone utility, it appears benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate clipboard copy utility with no signs of malicious intent. It performs standard operations for copying content to the clipboard based on user interactions. No malware or malicious behavior detected. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}