{
  "purpose": "This script provides functionality for copying text or HTML content to the clipboard, either from elements or raw text, and can be triggered by user clicks. It appears to facilitate user interaction with copying content on web pages.",
  "sources": "Data sources include element attributes such as 'data-simplecopy-' prefixed attributes, innerHTML of target elements, and text content of elements like input or textarea fields.",
  "sinks": "Clipboard operations via document.execCommand('copy'), modifying element attributes, and DOM manipulations such as removing or setting attributes or content.",
  "flows": "User clicks trigger event listener which retrieves data or target selectors from element attributes, then passes data or DOM nodes to copy functions that interact with the clipboard. Data flows from DOM attributes or inner content to clipboard via execCommand.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. No network activity, no data exfiltration, and no obfuscated or malicious code. Uses standard DOM and clipboard APIs. Minor irregularity: the variable 'restore' is assigned 'u' (undefined) unnecessarily, but this appears benign.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for copying text or HTML content to the clipboard, either from selected elements or raw text. It manipulates DOM attributes and content to perform copying operations, uses standard browser APIs (execCommand, selection, range), and attaches a click event to trigger copy actions based on data attributes. The logic is consistent with typical clipboard copy scripts. No suspicious network activity, data leakage, or malicious behaviors are present. The code's structure and functions align with benign clipboard utility scripts. There is no evidence of obfuscation, malware, or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script functions as a benign utility for copying content to the clipboard triggered by user interaction. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are identified. The code appears safe and typical of client-side clipboard helper scripts.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}