{
  "purpose": "This code provides a collection of utility functions for data manipulation, validation, deep searching, cloning, and object/array transformations in JavaScript.",
  "sources": "The functions primarily read from input parameters such as objects, arrays, strings, and values passed into functions. There are no external data sources, environment variable reads, or network calls.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that convert data types (e.g., JSON.stringify, JSON.parse), object property modifications, and array manipulations. No untrusted data is explicitly sent over network or written to files within this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through various transformations, recursive searches, and modifications. For example, deepSearch and deepFindSet traverse nested objects/arrays; sanitizeObj and related functions modify object contents based on their validation logic.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. No obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or external data exfiltration mechanisms are detected. The code's structure appears to be standard utility functions without hidden malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises multiple utility functions such as array to enum conversion, deep search, cloning, filtering, and object manipulation. These functions operate on passed-in data, perform deep recursion, and handle nested data structures securely. No parts of the code execute external commands, network requests, or contain embedded secrets. All functions appear to serve legitimate data processing purposes. The only concern might be the use of 'delete' or object mutation, but these are common practices and not inherently malicious. The functions do not misuse the data or contain any signals of malicious intent. Overall, the code demonstrates well-structured utility functions without any malicious payload or harmful behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a collection of JavaScript utility functions aimed at data validation, transformation, and deep manipulation. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware indicators are present. The code functions as intended for legitimate data handling purposes without any security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}