{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for data manipulation, validation, deep searching, cloning, and formatting in JavaScript projects.",
  "sources": "Function parameters and internal variables accessing input data, object properties, array elements, and external utils functions.",
  "sinks": "Return statements, object property modifications, and external utils calls that could process untrusted input data.",
  "flows": "Input data is received via function parameters, processed through validation or transformation functions, and then returned or modified.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity detected. Functions are standard data utilities. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns identified. Deep recursive functions are common for data searches; no dynamic code execution or external network requests observed.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises multiple data utility functions for converting, filtering, searching, cloning, and formatting data structures. Functions such as deepSearch, deepGetKey, deepSearchItems, and deepFindSet recursively traverse objects and arrays to locate or modify data, which is standard in data processing libraries. The code includes functions for deep copying, sorting, removing keys, and filtering data with no signs of malicious intent. No network activity, no use of eval, Function constructors, or external code execution is present. There are no signs of backdoors or malicious logic designed to exfiltrate data or compromise security. The functions operate purely on data transformations and validations.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of utility functions for data handling and manipulation, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It employs standard patterns for deep searches, cloning, filtering, and formatting. There are no suspicious network activities, backdoors, or obfuscated code segments. The code appears safe and intended solely for utility purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}