{
  "purpose": "The code implements a set of arithmetic functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide) that aim to perform calculations with improved precision by handling floating-point inaccuracies. It exports these functions as a module or global variable depending on the environment.",
  "sources": "Input data sources are the arguments passed to the math functions; these are the primary data inputs, which can come from user input or other code.",
  "sinks": "The output is returned as a number, but the code does not appear to send data over the network or store it externally. No sinks for untrusted data leaks or external communication are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function arguments through correction and normalization steps to produce the final arithmetic result; no external data flows or untrusted sources to external sinks are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code structures are present. The functions perform standard floating-point correction calculations. There is no evidence of obfuscated or malicious code. No dynamic code execution, suspicious network activity, or hidden behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions to correct floating-point arithmetic errors using scaling factors, ensuring higher precision calculations. It offers standard arithmetic operations with added correction logic. The code structure is clear, and it correctly handles array inputs for batch operations. It exports functions for various module systems or attaches them globally. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or backdoors. All logic pertains to mathematical accuracy enhancement, with no suspicious or malicious code detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code provides utility functions to perform precise floating-point arithmetic correction. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or security risks. The implementation appears legitimate, well-structured, and free of anomalies or malware.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}