{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to generate formatted representations of GROQ query AST nodes for pretty-printing purposes, leveraging Prettier's document builder functions.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'node' object (via path.getValue()), options (passed as parameter), and potentially external print functions (via path.call and path.map).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the usage of 'label' to generate formatted output, and any dynamic code evaluation or data handling within those outputs. No direct data leaks or dangerous sink interactions are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input 'node' through switch-case logic to produce formatted string components; no untrusted input is processed into dangerous system calls or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network calls. The code primarily involves data formatting and tree traversal. No dynamic code execution, eval, or obfuscated patterns are present. The code structure is clear and aligns with standard AST printing logic.",
  "analysis": "The code processes AST nodes of a GROQ query for pretty-printing, using safe, well-understood patterns. It utilizes Prettier's builder functions for formatting. No suspicious external interactions, network calls, or system modifications are present. The logic is confined to formatting and grouping of nodes with no indication of malicious intent. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscation or hidden behaviors. The only notable aspect is the comprehensive switch-case handling various node types, which is typical for AST printers.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard AST pretty-printer for GROQ queries using Prettier's document builder functions. It does not contain any malicious code, backdoors, or security risks. There are no external network interactions, code injections, or data leaks. Overall, the code is safe and aligns with typical code formatting logic.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}