{
  "purpose": "This code defines a function 'print_groq' used to generate formatted representations of GROQ query AST nodes for pretty-printing purposes.",
  "sources": "The function reads data from 'path' (AST node and parent node information), 'options' (configuration options), and 'print' (printing callback) functions. It also accesses node properties such as 'type', 'value', 'name', and 'attributes'.",
  "sinks": "There are no clear sinks where untrusted data leads to potential data leaks or system effects. The code mainly processes AST nodes to generate formatted strings; it does not include network, file, or environment interactions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the AST nodes via 'path.getValue()' and 'path.call(print, key)', with node properties influencing output formatting. No data flows into external systems or insecure sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains multiple complex conditional branches and formatting logic but no obvious suspicious behaviors like code injection, hardcoded credentials, or malicious network activity. There is use of 'require' to load a module, but that is standard for a package. No obfuscation or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The script appears to be a standard pretty-printer implementation for a GROQ AST, focusing on formatting and labeling various node types for display. It employs safe string concatenations and groupings. No indications of malicious code, such as network requests, system modifications, or data exfiltration, are present. It handles different node types carefully, with logic to format complex expressions properly. No dynamic code execution or suspicious behavior observed.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard AST pretty-printer for GROQ queries, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It is a non-malicious, safe code snippet for formatting AST nodes for display purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}