{
  "purpose": "Implements a flexible actions modal/popover UI component supporting button groups, HTML markup, and event handling, configurable via JavaScript or static HTML.",
  "sources": "Configuration parameters (buttons, content), DOM elements, user interactions (clicks, callbacks).",
  "sinks": "Invoking user-defined callbacks ('onClick'), DOM manipulations, rendering HTML content.",
  "flows": "Data flows from configuration to DOM rendering, event handlers invoke callbacks, user interactions trigger callback execution and modal closing.",
  "anomalies": "Potential XSS vulnerability due to inserting unescaped user-supplied 'text' and 'icon' into HTML without sanitization; no malicious code, backdoors, or network activity detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard UI component for actions/modal/popover, with clear structure and event handling. It reads configuration data and DOM elements, rendering HTML with user data. The primary concern is that 'text' and 'icon' fields are inserted directly into HTML strings without sanitization, posing a risk of XSS if inputs are untrusted. No obfuscated code, malware, or suspicious network activity is present. User callbacks are external and could contain malicious code, but this is typical in customizable UI components. The code does not perform network requests or system modifications. The scores assigned (malware 0, obfuscated 0, risk 0.2) are consistent with the static analysis, reflecting a low but non-zero risk due to potential XSS. The code's logic and structure are straightforward, and no malicious intent is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, flexible UI component with no embedded malicious behavior. The main security concern is the lack of input sanitization, which could lead to XSS if external data is malicious. The existing scores are appropriate; malware and obfuscation are absent, and the low risk score reflects the potential for XSS if inputs are untrusted. It is recommended to sanitize user inputs externally before passing them into this component to mitigate XSS vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}