{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React-based treemap visualization component, allowing interactive zooming, panning, and data display features for hierarchical data.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data via the 'data' prop, environment variables (potentially), and user interactions such as clicks, double-clicks, and hovers within the SVG elements.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions invoked on user interactions ('onClick', 'onDoubleClick', 'onHover'), and internal methods that modify component state (zoom transforms, layout data). No evidence of data being sent over the network or executing malicious system commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props into hierarchical data structures; user interactions trigger event handlers that modify state or invoke callback props; zoom transformations affect rendering; data is used for visualization without evident external data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to be standard, unminified React component with typical visualization logic. No hardcoded secrets, unusual dynamic code execution, or suspicious variables are present. No obfuscation or malware-like patterns observed. The presence of complex helper functions and standard library imports (react, d3, prop-types) is typical for such components.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a React component for a treemap visualization, with features for zooming, panning, and interaction. It imports standard libraries and uses them appropriately. No signs of malicious code such as network requests to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or system modifications. Event handlers only modify local component state or invoke external callbacks. The structure and logic align with standard React visualization components. The code uses well-known patterns and libraries without any obfuscated or malicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard React treemap visualization component with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It reads data from props, performs typical visualization tasks, and interacts with user inputs securely. No malware, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious external communications are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}