{
  "purpose": "This code defines a class for parsing and managing Rojo project configurations, including loading schema-validated JSON files and mapping filesystem structures to Roblox RBX paths.",
  "sources": "Reads JSON configuration files (e.g., rojo-schema.json, specified paths via 'fromPath' and 'fromPathSync'), filesystem via 'fs-extra', and process environment via 'process.cwd()'.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include reading files from disk and parsing JSON, which could be exploited with malicious files if the code processes untrusted inputs without validation. No network or system modification code is present.",
  "flows": "Reads JSON files and filesystem data (sources), validates JSON against schema, constructs internal representations, and retrieves RBX paths from files (sinks).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. The code performs standard file and JSON handling with schema validation. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a configuration parser and filesystem mapper for Rojo projects. It loads JSON configuration files, validates against a schema, and maps filesystem structures to RBX paths. It uses standard libraries for file and path operations, with no dynamic code execution or network activity. Security considerations include reliance on correct JSON schema validation and filesystem access, but nothing indicates malicious intent or security flaws. The code does not handle untrusted data beyond file reads, which is typical for configuration management. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility for managing Rojo project configurations with JSON schema validation and filesystem mapping. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks based on its current implementation. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}