{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a set of arithmetic functions (add, sub, mul, div, round, floor) and export them as a module, possibly for mathematical operations. It includes obfuscated parts and dynamic function definitions, likely to conceal its true behavior.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data via function parameters passed to arithmetic functions and requires an external module ('../em/em.no') which might be a dependency.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks such as network requests, system commands, or data leaks are evident. The code does not send data externally or perform system modifications.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into arithmetic functions (add, sub, mul, div, round, floor), which call methods on the 'em' module. The obfuscated code and dynamic function creation do not seem to lead to external data transmission or malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "Significant obfuscation with encoded strings, dynamic function definitions, and the use of eval-like patterns ('toString().match()') to conceal behavior. The code includes references to a module '../em/em.no', which could potentially be malicious if misused, but no explicit malicious actions are visible here.",
  "analysis": "The initial obfuscated segment involves a self-invoking function with a while loop and try-catch, typical of code obfuscation to hinder analysis. The core logic exports arithmetic functions that rely on a required module, possibly for calculations. The obfuscation is suspicious but not definitive of malicious intent. There are no signs of external network communication, data exfiltration, or destructive actions within this fragment. The use of dynamic code and obfuscation suggests an attempt to conceal malicious behavior, but no explicit malicious activity is evident from the provided code.",
  "conclusion": "This code is heavily obfuscated, making definitive analysis challenging. It defines mathematical functions with dynamic and obscured code patterns. No clear malicious actions are visible, but the obfuscation and external module dependency warrant cautious review. It appears to serve a legitimate purpose related to math operations, but potential hidden malicious intent cannot be entirely ruled out without further context.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}