{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement mathematical operations (add, sub, mul, div, round, floor) and exports them as a module, potentially for use in other parts of a larger application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from 'message', 'round', 'subtract', 'returnString', and environment variables via require, though the environment variables are not explicitly visible here. It also reads inputs via function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Function parameters (spread operators in add, sub, mul, div, round, floor) serve as sources of untrusted data; the functions perform operations with these inputs, which could be manipulated if inputs are malicious.",
  "flows": "Input data (spread arguments) flow into mathematical functions, which process and return results. The module exports an object with these functions. No external network or file I/O is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily obfuscated with hexadecimal string mappings and encoded strings. The initial part contains an obfuscated function with parseInt and array shifts, which appears to be code obfuscation rather than malicious behavior. The inclusion of 'vmash' and code mapping to base64-encoded source map indicates intentional concealment of logic. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activities visible.",
  "analysis": "The code is deliberately obfuscated, likely to conceal its true functionality. It defines mathematical operations and exposes them via a module.exports object. The obfuscation techniques involve array shuffling, hexadecimal string mapping, and base64 source map references. The code does not perform any network communication, file modifications, or external system interactions. No malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration or backdoor access, is detectable from this fragment. The core functionality appears to be safe mathematical utilities, with the obfuscation possibly serving to prevent easy understanding or tampering. The only potential concern is that obfuscation might hide malicious code, but none is evident upon careful analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is primarily a heavily obfuscated mathematical utility module. There are no clear signs of malicious behavior or malware in this fragment. The obfuscation appears to be aimed at hiding the true logic, but it does not seem to perform any harmful actions. Therefore, it can be considered safe based on this analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}