{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define mathematical functions (add, sub, mul, div, round, floor) and exports them as a module. It also includes obfuscated parts and dynamic code execution, likely for hiding functionality or anti-tampering.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function arguments and external modules via require(). It also reads code strings from obfuscated variables and dynamic eval-like functions.",
  "sinks": "Potentially executes dynamic code with eval-like patterns, which can lead to code injection if inputs are untrusted. It also imports an external module './em/em.no', which may be benign or malicious depending on its contents.",
  "flows": "Input arguments flow through mathematical functions, with some obfuscated code executing or manipulating code strings dynamically, possibly leading to code execution or data leaks.",
  "anomalies": "Obfuscated code using string arrays and dynamic function definitions, presence of code with eval-like behavior, complex try-catch blocks, and ambiguous variable naming suggest an attempt to hide malicious or unwanted behavior. The code also references an external module and performs string matching with regex, potentially for code validation or malicious checks.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily obfuscated with string array lookups and dynamic function creation, typical of attempts to hide malicious intent. It defines mathematical operations and exports them, but the obfuscation and eval-like constructs could be used to execute hidden malicious code. The require statement points to an external module, which could be malicious if untrusted. The presence of pattern matching and dynamic code execution points to potential malicious payloads or backdoors hidden within obfuscated code. Overall, the code's structure and obfuscation raise suspicion of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code shows signs of obfuscation and dynamic code execution, which could be malicious. While it performs legitimate mathematical operations, the complex and obscured structure indicates possible hidden malicious intent or backdoor mechanisms. Caution is advised before including this package.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0.6,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "report_number": 4
}