{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a utility script for manipulating CSS variables, particularly for inverting or modifying color values within CSS root blocks.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from string parameters, especially CSS-like strings and variable declarations, and processes color values and CSS variable declarations.",
  "sinks": "The code generates and returns modified CSS variable strings, potentially for applying visual effects like color inversion, but does not directly send data externally or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "Input CSS strings are parsed, color values are transformed (e.g., inverted or hue-flipped), and the modified CSS variable declarations are returned, forming source-to-sink data flows within string manipulation functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network calls are present. The code performs standard CSS string parsing and color value manipulation without unusual language features. Console logs are used for debugging or error reporting but do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The script defines utility functions for color processing and CSS variable manipulation. It includes functions to invert RGB colors, flip hues in HSL, remove padding from strings, and invert CSS variables within root blocks. It performs input validation for color formats and logs errors for invalid CSS declarations. The code is structured and appears focused solely on color transformations and CSS string modifications. There is no evidence of malware behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. The presence of console logs is typical for debugging and does not suggest malicious activity. The code does not obfuscate logic, nor does it include hidden behaviors or suspicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility for CSS color and variable manipulation, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It operates solely on provided strings and colors, performing transformations and returning modified CSS code. The risk level is minimal, and there are no immediate security concerns identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}