{
  "purpose": "Wrapper functions around 'rrdtool' commands for creating, retrieving info, updating, fetching, and dumping RRD files.",
  "sources": "Function parameters such as 'file', 'opts', 'args', 'ts', 'values', 'start', 'stop', 'res', 'cf', 'cb', and data streams from child_process spawn outputs.",
  "sinks": "Execution of 'rrdtool' commands via child_process.spawn with arguments constructed from input parameters; output streams handled and parsed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into command argument arrays; these are passed to 'exec' which spawns 'rrdtool'; output data flows back through callbacks after parsing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, suspicious network activity, or obfuscation. The command arguments are built directly from function inputs, which could pose injection risks if inputs are untrusted, but no malicious code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward, well-structured wrapper around 'rrdtool' commands. It constructs command-line arguments from function parameters, executes them safely using 'child_process.spawn', and parses the output with regexes aligned with 'rrdtool' output formats. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or obfuscation are evident. The only potential concern is that external inputs are directly incorporated into command arguments, which could lead to command injection if inputs are malicious and not sanitized externally. However, the code itself does not perform any malicious actions, data exfiltration, or network activity. The regex parsing and environment variable setting (LANG='C') are standard and safe. Overall, the code is a typical, safe wrapper with minimal security risk, assuming external validation of inputs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, transparent wrapper around 'rrdtool' with no signs of malicious activity or obfuscation. The current malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score of 0.2 appropriately reflects the potential risk if external inputs are untrusted. No malicious behavior or supply chain issues are detected. Ensuring external validation of inputs will mitigate injection risks. Overall, the code is safe for use in production environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}