{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of SVG-based shape components and categorizes them for use in a React application, likely for visual diagramming or modeling purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads static data from JavaScript objects and JSX components that contain SVG elements. It does not take external input or data from untrusted sources.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any sinks that process untrusted data or perform sensitive actions such as network requests, file operations, or environment variable access.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows; the code solely consists of static object definitions with JSX elements for rendering SVG graphics.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns are present. The JSX elements are standard SVG components; there are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or dynamic code execution. No obfuscated or minified code. The code is straightforward and static.",
  "analysis": "The code is a static module exporting a set of shape definitions for use in a React app, with each shape having SVG JSX components as 'image' properties. It categorizes shapes into categories like 'Shapes', 'BPMN', and 'Structures'. No external data, network requests, or potentially malicious code constructs are present. The SVG components are static React elements, not generated or influenced by external input. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior is evident. The structure and content are consistent with a typical shape library.\n\nThere are no signs of malware, hidden backdoors, or supply chain attacks. The code does not perform any runtime actions beyond defining static data and JSX components.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign static resource defining SVG-based shapes for a React application. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious anomalies, and poses no security risks based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}