{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a script that loads configuration, retrieves tokens from a source, applies transformations to the tokens, and writes the transformed content to files in a specified directory.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from getConfig(), tokens from getTokens(), and transformation options from the configuration object.",
  "sinks": "The code writes output files to the filesystem using fs.writeFile, with filenames derived from the configuration. No untrusted data is directly written or sent over the network.",
  "flows": "Configuration and tokens are loaded first; then for each transformation, a function is retrieved and applied to tokens; the result is saved to a file. Data flows from input functions to file writes.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic function retrieval (getTransformFunction) and processes transformation options, but there is no evidence of code injection, malicious code execution, or hardcoded secrets. Break statements on invalid transformer types could halt execution prematurely but are not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script properly handles configuration loading and validation. It reads tokens and processes transformations through a lookup-based system, then writes outputs to files. There are no signs of malicious behaviors such as network communication, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The dynamic retrieval of transformation functions is standard practice and does not, by itself, indicate malicious intent. The code handles verbose logging, which is typical for debugging or transparency. No suspicious code patterns or obfuscated code are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate processing script with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It reads and writes data within controlled parameters without suspicious activities. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}