{
  "purpose": "This code serves as a Node.js module that provides an API wrapper for managing DigitalOcean droplets, images, regions, SSH keys, and sizes through HTTP requests.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as droplet IDs, options objects, and credentials set via the setup function.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows into URL construction for API requests, especially through credential strings and request parameters, which could lead to data leakage if logs or errors expose URLs.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., droplet IDs, options) are used to build request URLs and payloads via external modules, then sent over network requests to the DigitalOcean API endpoints.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscation, or hidden behaviors are present. Credentials are transmitted via URL parameters, which is standard but not optimal for security. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward API client for DigitalOcean, utilizing external modules for request handling. Credentials are set through a setup function and embedded in request URLs, which could be a minor security concern but is typical for such clients. No malicious or suspicious code, obfuscation, or backdoors are evident. External modules appear standard, and the code structure is clear and purpose-driven. The main security consideration is the transmission of credentials in URLs, which warrants caution but does not constitute malicious activity. The malware score is correctly 0, as no malicious behavior is detected. The obfuscated score is 0, given the code clarity. The security risk score is 0.2, reflecting a low but present concern due to credential handling, which is acceptable for an API wrapper.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured API wrapper for DigitalOcean with no signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or backdoors. The low security risk score of 0.2 is justified by the URL-based credential transmission, which is common but could be improved. Overall, the supply chain security posture is sound, and the code can be considered safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}