{
  "purpose": "The code implements a CLI utility for image processing configuration and execution, including argument parsing, configuration initialization, and running the main image processing logic.",
  "sources": "Reads command-line arguments (process.argv), reads 'package.json' to get version info, reads 'dist/core.d.ts' to load type definitions, reads and writes 'config.json' for configuration setup, and loads modules like 'fs' and 'cli-helpers'.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'console.error' and 'console.log' for output; reads files ('package.json', 'dist/core.d.ts', 'config.json') via 'fs'; writes to 'config.json'; calls external main function ('main') for processing; terminates process with 'process.exit()' based on conditions.",
  "flows": "Command-line arguments (sources) influence the program flow, determining mode ('help', 'init', 'run'). 'loadConfigType' reads type definitions from a file and incorporates them into the config template. In 'run' mode, configuration data from 'config.json' influences main processing. The main function is called with run options.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns; no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors; no network communications or system modifications are observed. The code primarily handles CLI input, file I/O, and module invocation without hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard CLI parsing, configuration file handling, and module invocation. It uses process arguments to determine execution mode, reads/writes configuration files, and calls an external main function for core processing. No network activity, obfuscated code, or malicious patterns are evident. All file interactions are related to configuration and version info. The logic flow is typical for CLI tools, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard CLI utility for image processing configuration and execution. It performs expected functions without any malicious intent or security risks. The absence of network calls, hidden behaviors, or suspicious file operations indicates low security concern.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}