{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React functional component called CcAmex, which renders an SVG icon with customizable colors based on props.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component props such as color, baseColor, baseColor1, detailsColor, detailsColor1, baseColor2, detailsColor2, and rest props passed to the SVG element.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the SVG element and path fill attributes where untrusted color props are assigned directly, which could lead to rendering issues if maliciously crafted data is passed, but no direct data leaks or harmful actions are evident.",
  "flows": "Untrusted color props flow directly into the fill attributes of SVG paths without sanitization, influencing the rendering of the icon. Input from props is used directly in the SVG fill attributes.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The code is straightforward React component rendering an SVG. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present. The eslint disable comment is a standard practice for unused variables, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The component accepts multiple color-related props to customize SVG appearance. The component structure is simple and conventional. No external data fetching, no network connections, no code obfuscation, and no suspicious behavior detected. The direct use of props for fill colors is standard in React components, and since these are customizable, it does not indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials, no system modification, or malicious side-effects are present. The code's purpose appears solely to render an icon with customizable colors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign React component rendering an SVG icon with customizable color properties. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The use of props for fill colors is standard practice, and no anomalies or malicious patterns are observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}