{
  "purpose": "This code defines a CSS-in-JS styling utility that generates, manages, and injects CSS rules, stylesheets, and tokens dynamically, primarily for client-side rendering and SSR environments.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), DOM elements (document, head, style), style rule strings, and style tokens/definitions.",
  "sinks": "CSS rule insertion into style sheets (sheet.insertRule), DOM style element creation and manipulation, environment-dependent style injection, and token resolution.",
  "flows": "Input tokens and style definitions flow through processing functions, resolving to CSS rules, which are then injected into style sheets or returned as strings, depending on environment.",
  "anomalies": "The code constructs hashes of style rules for cache keys, dynamically generates class names, and handles style rules with environment-dependent behavior. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obfuscated code patterns or malicious network activities are detected. Use of console warnings for specific conditions is standard. No backdoors or covert data exfiltration code found.",
  "analysis": "The code is a complex CSS-in-JS utility focusing on style management, with features such as token resolution, media query handling, style rule creation, and SSR support. It employs hashing for class name generation, dynamic style injection, and cache management for SSR. All style processing appears standard and transparent. There are no signs of malicious activities such as data theft, covert network communication, or system manipulation. The use of environment variables is typical for environment-specific behavior. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code flows are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a sophisticated, environment-aware CSS-in-JS styling utility designed for safe use in client and server environments. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms. The implementation aligns with common practices for style management in JavaScript frameworks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}