{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a custom CSS paint worklet named 'simplex' that renders animated simplex noise-based visual effects on a webpage.",
  "sources": "The code reads CSS custom properties (e.g., '--seed', '--animate', '--line-width', etc.) via getPropertyValue, and uses Math.random() as a seed source for internal randomness.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs drawing commands to the CanvasRenderingContext2D, which could be exploited if malicious data influences rendering. No network or data exfiltration observed.",
  "flows": "Random seed and CSS variables (sources) influence noise generation and drawing parameters; these control visual output. There are no indications of data flowing into system-sensitive functions or external communications.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Usage of Math.random() as seed source is standard; seed initialization is internal. No obfuscated code or unusual language features detected. All variables are straightforward, and the logic is consistent with typical noise-based visual effects.",
  "analysis": "The code registers a custom paint worklet that uses a pseudo-random seed and various CSS properties to generate animated simplex noise visuals. It uses a well-structured approach to generate noise values, applies CSS properties for customization, and performs drawing operations on a canvas context. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network communication, data theft, or system manipulation. The code's purpose appears to be purely visual and aesthetic. No suspicious anomalies or code patterns are present. The randomness and property retrieval are standard and do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a visual noise generator implemented as a CSS paint worklet. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It is safe and intended for aesthetic effects. No evidence of malware or malicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}