{
  "purpose": "The code appears to process text data for emoji analysis and augmentation, providing functions for text cleaning, emoji matching, keyword extraction, and decoration of input text with emojis.",
  "sources": "Reads data from local JSON files './data/index.json', './data/meta.json', and './data/comp.json'. The 'searchQuery' input in functions 'whisper' and 'decorate'. The 'text' input in 'cleaner' and 'rake' functions.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'console.log' for debugging (non-malicious). The main potential sink is the 'searchQuery' parameter in 'decorate' and 'whisper', but they are used locally within functions; no network or file output is performed. No data leakage, external system calls, or system commands are evident.",
  "flows": "Input 'searchQuery' is cleaned and tokenized ('cleaner'), then used to search 'index' for emoji data ('whisper'). The 'decorate' function uses 'rake' to extract phrases, then calls 'whisper' to get emojis, then inserts emojis into the text. No external data flows or network activity are present.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. The 'stemmer' function is a standard stemming implementation; no obfuscation or malicious intent. The stopwords list is extensive but standard. No dynamic code execution or hidden code observed.",
  "analysis": "The code processes text for emoji matching and decoration. It loads static JSON files for data. The 'stemmer' function performs standard stemming. The 'cleaner' function removes URLs, stopwords, and applies stemming. 'whisper' searches for emoji matches and combines results. 'rake' extracts key phrases based on word co-occurrence. 'decorate' combines phrase extraction and emoji insertion. No external network calls, no manipulation of system files, or execution of untrusted code. The functions serve as a text processing utility with no signs of malicious behavior or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate text processing module designed for emoji analysis and augmentation. No malicious or suspicious behavior was identified. It reads static local data files and performs in-memory processing only. Overall, the code appears safe with no security threats or malware present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}