{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of constants and deprecated wrapper functions for a middleware library, mainly exporting media types, HTTP status codes, and middleware functions for HTTP request/response handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads static data for media types and status codes, and imports functions from './Middleware'. It does not appear to read untrusted input.",
  "sinks": "No sinks that process untrusted data directly. The code mainly re-exports functions and constants. Middleware functions may handle request data, but this code does not include their implementation.",
  "flows": "No data flow from untrusted sources to sinks; the code only defines constants and re-exports functions, with no runtime data processing shown.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily using deprecated functions with clear documentation indicating their use as wrappers. The pattern suggests transition from older API to new ones. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a wrapper module that imports middleware functions from another module and re-exports them, alongside defining constants for media types and HTTP statuses. The presence of deprecated functions and numerous re-exports suggest API maintenance. No dynamic or runtime code, no obfuscated code, no untrusted data processing. The structure and content are standard for a library interface. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage, and no suspicious code patterns are present. The initial part includes only static data and import statements; no network, file, or system modification actions are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard module for re-exporting middleware functions and constants, with no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It functions as an interface layer, maintaining deprecated wrappers for backward compatibility. There are no signs of malware, hidden backdoors, or dangerous operations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}