{
  "purpose": "The code implements a customizable watermarking library that overlays text or images onto webpage elements for watermarking purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration options via constructor arguments, accesses DOM elements (document.body, specific element styles), and loads images from URLs (watermark_src).",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM styles and creates DOM elements (div, span, img) for displaying watermarks; sets background styles with embedded SVG images; accesses and modifies element styles for invisibility or background removal.",
  "flows": "Constructor options → initOption() → Watermark rendering functions (TextWatermark, PictureWatermark) manipulate DOM elements and styles based on configuration. Image size retrieval flows into watermark calculation. Background SVG data is embedded into styles.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials detected. The code constructs SVG and manipulates styles for watermarking; no hidden network requests or suspicious code like data exfiltration or system commands. The code appears to perform standard watermarking functions without obfuscation or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code is a watermarking library designed to overlay text or images onto webpage elements with customizable properties such as position, rotation, size, and transparency. It dynamically creates DOM elements, styles them accordingly, and can generate invisible or background watermarks. The code structure uses closures and prototypes, common in modular JavaScript libraries. No network calls, no data leaks, or suspicious code patterns are evident. It mainly interacts with the DOM and styles, with no evidence of malicious behavior. The only potential concern is that it overlays content, but this is standard watermarking functionality, not malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard watermarking library that overlays text or images on webpage elements. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage indicators. The code appears legitimate, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}