{
  "purpose": "This source code appears to be a JavaScript module, likely intended for standard functionality within a larger application. Its purpose is not explicitly clear due to lack of comments, but it does not seem to perform any malicious actions on the surface.",
  "sources": "Data sources are not explicitly shown; the code does not contain user input handling, environment variable access, or external data fetching. The code mainly imports dependencies and defines functions or exports.",
  "sinks": "There are no obvious sinks such as network requests, file writes, or system command executions that handle untrusted data. The code appears to operate within a controlled scope without executing untrusted input.",
  "flows": "No source-to-sink data flows are identified. The code structure suggests internal processing only, with no data propagation from external inputs to sensitive operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious variable names are present. The code does not include obfuscated or minified sections that are suspicious. No unusual dynamic code execution or eval statements are observed.",
  "analysis": "A thorough review of the code reveals standard import statements, function definitions, and module exports. No external data inputs are processed, nor are there any network calls, file operations, or environment variable usages that could pose security risks. The structure and content are consistent with typical open-source library code. Absence of obfuscation, hidden code, or malicious patterns suggests a benign nature. Without more context, the code appears safe and intended for legitimate functionality.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the provided code, there are no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code seems to serve a standard purpose without involving sensitive data handling or security-critical operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}