{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of custom web components and utility functions for a wallet connection UI, including QR code generation, wallet selection, and modal dialogs. It primarily manages UI rendering, event handling, and interactions with wallet APIs and external URLs.",
  "sources": "Data sources include user input (search, clicks), environment variables, local storage, external wallet API responses, and DOM element properties.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve setting environment variables, manipulating DOM elements and attributes, navigating to external URLs, triggering downloads, copying to clipboard, and executing animations or network requests.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions (clicks, input) to handlers that trigger URL navigations, local storage updates, or modal states; external data from wallet APIs flows into UI components, with some potential for data leakage through URL formatting or clipboard operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. The code uses dynamic import and some complex class inheritance but aligns with standard web component practices. No suspicious network activity or obfuscated code was found. The only notable pattern is extensive use of dynamically generated SVG icons and modular components, which is typical for UI libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of UI component definitions, styling, event handling, and external API interactions related to wallet management. It imports utility functions, defines numerous custom elements, and handles user events like clicks and input changes. It uses local storage to persist recent wallets and performs navigation and URL formatting for wallet links. No evidence of code injection, reverse shells, data theft, or unauthorized system access is present. External URL formatting is controlled via utility functions, and no malicious network requests or data exfiltration mechanisms are observable. The code appears to be a standard implementation of a web wallet connection interface with no malicious signals.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a legitimate UI component library for wallet connection workflows, with no malicious or sabotage behavior detected. It manages UI rendering, user interaction, and external URL handling securely and transparently.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}