{
  "purpose": "The provided code appears to define a series of custom web components (using lit-element and related libraries) for a wallet connection UI, including wallet selection, QR code generation, and modal dialogs. It primarily manages user interactions, rendering UI elements, and handling wallet connection workflows.",
  "sources": "User inputs via event handlers (e.g., @click, @input), external data from imported modules, and data stored in localStorage and session variables.",
  "sinks": "Network requests (e.g., g.openHref for URL navigation), clipboard API (navigator.clipboard.writeText), DOM manipulation for rendering components, and localStorage for persisting recent wallets.",
  "flows": "User interactions trigger event handlers that invoke URL navigation, clipboard operations, or storage updates. Data flows from internal state and external modules to DOM updates, URL redirection, and local storage. For example, clicking a wallet button calls handleClick which may invoke g.openHref, or copy text to clipboard. State subscriptions update component rendering based on app state.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic eval usage. External URLs are fetched from state variables and are not hardcoded malicious domains. The code interacts with clipboard and localStorage but does so securely and in standard ways. No backdoors, hidden network connections, or cryptocurrency mining activity observed. No unusual or misleading code constructs. The code mostly manages UI logic, with safe handling of user inputs and external data.",
  "analysis": "The code is extensive but structured into clearly defined components with standard event handling and DOM interactions. The use of imported modules for state management and URL formatting appears to be legitimate. No signs of malware such as hidden network communication, unauthorized data exfiltration, or malicious code injection. Operations like copying to clipboard, opening URLs, and updating local storage are typical for wallet connection interfaces. The code uses best practices, avoids eval or dangerous dynamic code execution, and does not include suspicious hardcoded URLs or secrets. Overall, the code is a comprehensive UI for wallet connection flow without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured implementation of a wallet connection UI, employing common web development patterns. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or supply chain security attacks. It interacts with user input, URLs, and local storage in expected ways, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}