{
  "purpose": "The code is a collection of web components and utility functions for a wallet connection UI, including wallet selection, QR code generation, and modal dialogs. Its purpose appears to facilitate user interaction with various wallet options and connection flows.",
  "sources": "The code reads from window objects (window, window.ShadowRoot), localStorage, and navigator.clipboard; it also receives data via component properties and event handlers. External inputs include user actions (clicks, input) and possibly URL parameters or local storage data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting environment variables, modifying DOM attributes/styles, invoking navigation via g.openHref(), and writing to localStorage. Clipboard writeText() is used for copying wallet links, which is benign but could be exploited if misused in other contexts.",
  "flows": "User input or state data (e.g., wallet identifiers, URLs) flow into functions that generate URLs, modify DOM styles, or trigger navigation. For example, handleUriCopy() reads the wallet connect URI and copies it; handleUriCopy() or onConnecting() trigger navigation or URL opening; component properties and event handlers flow into rendering logic.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated malicious code. The code is mostly composed of UI components, style definitions, and utility functions. There are no suspicious network connections, hidden system modifications, or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms. No dynamic code execution or unusual language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard web component patterns, style injection, and event handling. It preloads images, manages state via imported modules, and handles navigation securely via well-encapsulated functions. The only external side effects are DOM manipulations, local storage, clipboard access, and URL navigation, all of which are standard for such UI components. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware signals are evident from the content. The code appears well-structured for its purpose, with no signs of obfuscated or hidden malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical, well-structured front-end component library for wallet connection UI. It does not contain any malicious behavior or sabotage signals. It primarily manages user interface, navigation, and state, with no suspicious network activity or data theft. Overall, it is safe for use in a supply chain context.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}