{
  "purpose": "The code defines multiple custom web components and utility functions for a wallet connection UI, including wallet selection, QR code generation, modal dialogs, and related UI elements. It primarily handles user interactions for wallet connection flows.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include URL parameters, environment variables, localStorage, and user interactions (clicks, input events). The code reads wallet data, user preferences, and environment info (e.g., mobile/desktop detection).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve setting DOM attributes and styles, initiating network requests (e.g., preloading images, fetching wallet data), and executing URL redirects (e.g., in handleUriCopy, handleMobileLinking). The code also interacts with the clipboard API for copying URLs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions (clicks, input) and localStorage/sessionStorage into URL redirection, clipboard operations, and style updates. Wallet data flows into QR code rendering and wallet image display. Environment info affects routing and modal behaviors.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No evidence of backdoors, code injections, or hidden malicious logic. The code appears to be well-structured UI and utility code for wallet connection flows. External URL formats and network requests are standard. No obfuscated or minified malicious code is detected. No suspicious network connections or data leaks are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive set of custom web components implementing wallet connection UI features. It uses standard APIs (e.g., Clipboard, fetch, requestAnimationFrame), environment detection, and state management. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as reverse shells, system data exfiltration, or hidden network communications are found. The code handles user interactions securely, with typical data flows for wallet selection, QR code display, and redirects. No code indicates malicious sabotage or privacy violations outside normal UI functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a wallet connection UI, with no evidence of malware or malicious behavior. It is well-structured, handles user data and interactions appropriately, and does not contain malicious payloads or suspicious network activity. Therefore, the overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}