{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript library for probabilistic graphical models, specifically Bayesian networks, allowing creation, manipulation, and sampling of nodes and their CPTs (Conditional Probability Tables).",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from function parameters, object properties, and internal data structures like node values, parent node values, and probabilities. No external input sources are explicitly present.",
  "sinks": "The code writes data to internal data structures (like node probabilities and samples), and exports data via JSON serialization. It does not perform network requests, file operations, or access environment variables.",
  "flows": "Data flows from node values and probabilities into CPT initialization and normalization functions; sampling functions compute likelihood weights based on node states; final data is serialized into JSON format for output. There are no external sinks or malicious data exfiltration paths.",
  "anomalies": "The code heavily relies on Math.random() for probabilistic sampling, which is standard but not cryptographically secure; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code patterns are evident. No obfuscation or unusual code constructs are detected; the code is structured, readable, and standard for such a library.",
  "analysis": "The script implements a Bayesian network library with functions for initializing CPTs, normalizing probabilities, and sampling nodes. It utilizes promises for asynchronous operations and provides functions to add nodes, set observations, and generate samples. No external data inputs or network activity is present; the data flow is confined within the library’s internal logic. The code includes standard probabilistic operations and JSON serialization for exporting models. There are no signs of malicious behavior, code injection, or privacy leaks. The reliance on Math.random() for sampling is typical but not cryptographically secure; however, this alone does not imply malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate Bayesian network library with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not contain backdoors, hidden network connections, or data exfiltration mechanisms. Its functionality is aligned with probabilistic modeling. The use of Math.random() for sampling is standard but not cryptographically secure, which is acceptable for non-security-critical applications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}