{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript library for Bayesian network modeling, allowing creation, manipulation, sampling, and serialization of probabilistic graphs.",
  "sources": "Input sources include random number generation (Math.random), function parameters (values, probs, options), and node data (name, values, parents). Data is read primarily during node creation, probability setting, and sampling.",
  "sinks": "Data sinks include the console (console.error), JSON.stringify for serialization, and the Math.random() function for stochastic sampling. No network connections or data exfiltration methods are directly present.",
  "flows": "Input data (node values, probabilities) flows into node creation and probability calculations; random numbers influence sampling and probability assignments; serialization flows data into JSON string output.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are detected. Use of Math.random() is standard for probabilistic sampling, with no evidence of malicious payloads. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution beyond standard functions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Bayesian network library with functions to initialize CPTs, normalize probabilities, create nodes, perform sampling, and serialize data. The functions employ typical JavaScript patterns, including promises for async operations. No external network activity, system modification, or privacy-violating behaviors are present. The use of Math.random() for stochastic sampling is standard and not malicious. Error handling via console.error is normal. The code structure is clear, with no obfuscation or hidden code segments. Overall, the code appears legitimate, aimed at probabilistic modeling, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Bayesian network modeling library without malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs probabilistic inference and data serialization securely. No malware, backdoors, or security risks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}