{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a set of unit tests for a custom Promise implementation, likely used to verify promise behavior such as chaining, error handling, progress updates, and resolution timing.",
  "sources": "Reads data from 'require' statements (loading external modules), function parameters, and possibly the 'this' context within functions.",
  "sinks": "Invocations of promise methods (.then, .resolve, .reject, .progress), which handle untrusted data. No direct sinks for sensitive data or system commands are observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from test inputs through promise resolution or rejection to the assertion callbacks. No external or untrusted data sources are actively fed into the promise chain, aside from test parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, such as obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or hardcoded secrets, are present. The code is straightforward and generated from CoffeeScript with standard testing structure.",
  "analysis": "The script imports a custom Promise implementation and the 'chai' assertion library. It defines multiple tests to verify promise behavior, including proper construction, chaining, error handling, progress reporting, and resolution timing. The tests use setTimeout to simulate asynchronous behavior. No external data is read at runtime beyond module imports. The code does not contain any malicious logic such as network communication, file system manipulation, or secret leakage. The structure and variable naming are clear and consistent, indicating normal testing practices. Since the code is solely focused on testing promise behavior and lacks suspicious constructs, there is no indication of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard test suite for a Promise implementation, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or suspicious external interactions. The code is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}