{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a plugin for Strapi, providing functionalities for exporting and importing CSV data, displaying alerts, and integrating into the Strapi admin panel. It manages file uploads, downloads, and user notifications within the Strapi CMS environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from user interactions such as file uploads and button clicks, including drag-and-drop events, file input changes, and API responses. It also reads configuration data from server endpoints (`/get-config`).",
  "sinks": "Data is sent to server endpoints via POST requests for importing CSV (`/import-csv`) and exporting CSV (`/export-csv`). It creates Blob objects and dynamically generates download links for exporting data. It also manipulates DOM elements for triggering file downloads and user notifications.",
  "flows": "User uploads files → files are read via FileReader → data sent through POST requests → server responses handled and data downloaded as Blob → alerts and notifications triggered based on success or failure. Event handlers manage drag-and-drop and button interactions, with API calls tied to UI events.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. The code uses standard React, JavaScript, and Strapi plugin patterns. There are no signs of data leakage, suspicious network activity beyond typical API calls, or obfuscated code. External dependencies are typical for such a plugin. The code appears clean, well-structured, and consistent with its described purpose.",
  "analysis": "The code provides CSV import/export functionalities within Strapi, handling file reading, Blob creation, and server communication. It manages user interface components for drag-and-drop, notifications, and import/export actions. It relies on standard APIs and dependencies, with no evidence of malicious behaviors such as hidden network connections, reverse shells, or unauthorized data access. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code anomalies are detected. It operates within expected boundaries for a Strapi plugin.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Strapi plugin for managing CSV data imports and exports. It uses standard methods for handling files, network requests, and UI updates. There are no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks beyond normal operation. The malware score is low, and the overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}