{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Strapi plugin for data import/export, including UI components for CSV upload and download, and alert management. It interacts with Strapi's admin panel and handles file uploads, downloads, and API requests.",
  "sources": "Data sources include user interactions (file uploads, button clicks), API responses from '/get-config', '/export-csv', and '/import-csv' endpoints, and global variables such as window.URL and document.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include Blob creation for file download, API request dispatching via axios, DOM manipulation (creating elements, triggering downloads), and alert state updates.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data (user-uploaded files) flow into file reading functions, are validated by MIME type, and are sent via POST requests to server endpoints. Downloaded CSV data is converted into a Blob and a download link is programmatically triggered. Alerts are managed based on API responses.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses standard libraries and Strapi API interactions. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or obfuscated code are present. File handling is performed securely with MIME type checks. No suspicious network connections, backdoors, or data exfiltration signals are evident. No use of dynamic code execution or eval-like functions.",
  "analysis": "The script is a typical plugin setup for Strapi with React components and API calls. It manages CSV file uploads/downloads, UI modals, and alert notifications. The axios library is used for server communication, with no signs of malicious misuse. File validation checks appear appropriate. No obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or data leaks are detected. The code relies on standard web APIs and React patterns, with no suspicious behaviors or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Strapi plugin with functionality for importing and exporting CSV data and managing user alerts. It uses common libraries and safe practices for file handling and API communication. No malicious intent or malicious behavior signals are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}