{
  "purpose": "This code defines a 'Block' class for managing and building hierarchical text structures, such as code or formatted text, by pushing strings, numbers, and nested blocks, and then constructing a final string output with indentation.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the parameters of methods like push(val), write(val, indent), writeLine(val, indent), and build(level, arr). These inputs are user-provided strings, numbers, or Block instances.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the build() method, which concatenates strings and could be manipulated if input is malicious. However, there are no direct network or file operations, nor unsafe eval or similar functions. No data leakage or external system interaction is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (sources) into internal arrays and then into the build() method, which processes these arrays to produce a formatted string. No external data or untrusted sinks are involved in a harmful way.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or unusual behaviors are present. The code uses standard JavaScript constructs and common patterns for text building. No hidden or suspicious code paths are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a straightforward hierarchical text builder. Methods manage pushing strings, numbers, and nested blocks into an internal array structure, with support for indentation and line breaks. The build() method recursively constructs the final string output with proper indentation. The code does not execute external commands, evaluate user input insecurely, or include any suspicious or malicious logic. It appears to be a utility for structured text generation without any harmful intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard utility for building hierarchical formatted text. It shows no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The structure and logic are consistent with a benign purpose, and there are no indicators of supply chain or runtime security issues.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}