{
  "purpose": "The code defines a 'Block' class that manages hierarchical string data, allowing for structured writing, indentation, and building of text blocks. It appears intended for generating formatted text output, such as code or markup.",
  "sources": "Input data occurs through method parameters: 'push' receives values to be added to the output, 'write' and 'writeLine' accept string or number inputs, and 'build' processes the accumulated data. No external input sources or network interactions are present.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily manipulates internal data structures and generates string output via 'build'. There are no external sinks such as network, file, or environment variable usage; the code does not perform data leaks or I/O outside internal string concatenation.",
  "flows": "Data flows from method inputs ('push', 'write', 'writeLine', 'build') into internal arrays and strings, ultimately producing a concatenated string. There are no untrusted data flows to external systems, and no dynamic code execution or external data processing occurs.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward with standard string and array operations. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious constructs, or obfuscated patterns are present. The use of join and string concatenation is typical, with no unusual code logic or hidden behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a 'Block' class used for building structured text. Methods handle appending values, managing indentation, and building final output. No external data sources, network calls, or environment variables are accessed. The code performs purely internal data management and string processing, with no signs of malicious behavior. It does not execute dynamic code, handle sensitive data, or interact with the system beyond string manipulation.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a benign utility for constructing formatted text blocks. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The structure is straightforward, with no suspicious or malicious logic detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}