{
  "purpose": "A command-line utility that discovers, collects, and executes test or runner files (.ts, .js) within specified directories, primarily for testing purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables, reads directory contents, reads files via require(), executes scripts using child_process.exec or execSync.",
  "sinks": "Executes external scripts and commands via child_process.exec, require()s files dynamically, potentially executing untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Directory traversal to identify test files -> execution via require() or child_process.exec -> potential execution of malicious scripts if present.",
  "anomalies": "No malicious code, obfuscation, or backdoors detected; standard use of dynamic execution functions without validation.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a test runner utility, scanning directories for files with specific extensions and executing them. It uses child_process.exec and require() on files determined at runtime, which could be risky if untrusted files are present. No embedded malicious payloads, obfuscation, or suspicious network activity are evident. The malware score is 0, consistent with the absence of malicious code. The security risk stems from executing untrusted scripts, which is inherent to such tools but not malicious in itself. The risk score is moderate (around 0.3-0.4), reflecting potential exploitation if malicious files are introduced. The code's straightforward structure and lack of malicious indicators support a benign assessment.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a standard test runner utility with no embedded malware or obfuscation. Its primary security concern is executing untrusted files, which is inherent to its purpose. The assigned malware score of 0 and obfuscation score of 0 are appropriate. The security risk score should be around 0.3-0.4 to accurately reflect the potential for malicious exploitation in untrusted environments. Overall, the code is benign but should be used with caution in untrusted contexts.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}