{
  "purpose": "This module provides various mathematical utility functions for number operations such as random number generation, percentage calculation, array statistical analysis, interpolation, and clamping.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external input sources; it only uses function parameters and imported modules ('string.js' and 'array.js'). The only potential source of external data would be the environment in which functions are called, but no direct data input or external dependencies are involved.",
  "sinks": "The functions perform calculations internally and return results; there are no data sinks that send data over the network, write to files, or execute commands. No sinks pose security risks.",
  "flows": "There are no untrusted data flows from sources to sinks; all operations are self-contained mathematical computations based on parameters passed to functions.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are present. The code adheres to standard mathematical utility implementation patterns. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or unusual language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of static mathematical utility functions, all of which perform well-understood operations like generating random integers, calculating percentages, array statistics, interpolation, and clamping. The implementation appears straightforward and conventional. No external data handling, network communication, or potentially malicious operations are present. Functions operate solely on input parameters, with no hidden or obfuscated behavior. The imported modules are not shown but are assumed to be benign utility modules. No signs of malware, data exfiltration, or malicious side effects are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility library for numerical operations with no evidence of malicious intent or security vulnerabilities. It is safe for use in projects and does not pose supply chain risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}