{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a setup and bootstrap script for a WebAssembly module, specifically for a multimedia processing library (likely FFmpeg), handling different environments (Node.js, web, shell, worker). It initializes environment detection, file system emulation, cryptographic functions, and runtime hooks for the module execution.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from filesystem or network (read_, readBinary, readAsync), environment variables (process, navigator), and script arguments (process.argv, scriptArgs). Loads wasm binary via fetch or require. Interacts with filesystem and environment functions.",
  "sinks": "Uses read functions that handle files or network data, WebAssembly instantiation, and environment data like crypto for random number generation. No clear data leaks, system commands, or network communications are directly triggered in this fragment.",
  "flows": "Input sources such as filesystem reads, network requests, environment variables, and arguments feed into runtime setup, wasm binary loading, filesystem initialization, and crypto functions. The wasm binary is fetched or required and instantiated, then execution proceeds with module functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs environment detection and sets up functions dynamically; it uses cryptographic randomness via crypto.getRandomValues or crypto module. It handles filesystem emulation. No suspicious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code are evident. All code appears standard for Emscripten-generated bootstrap. No unusual code snippets, backdoors, or malicious functions detected.",
  "analysis": "The script is a typical Emscripten module loader, supporting multiple environments (Node.js, web, shell, worker). It loads a wasm binary, initializes filesystem and environment, and exposes module functions. Cryptographic functions are used properly for randomness. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or sabotage code. The structure and content are consistent with legitimate WebAssembly bootstrap code. It does not contain obfuscation or malware-like signals. The code is complex but appears to be auto-generated and standard for this context.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Emscripten bootstrap script for a WebAssembly module, with environment detection, filesystem setup, and runtime initialization. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage indicators are present. It is consistent with legitimate, auto-generated loader code for a multimedia processing library, with no signs of malware or supply chain compromise.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}