{
  "purpose": "The code appears to process color transformations and color resolution based on pattern matching, primarily for styling or theming purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data from 'value' parameter in 'resolveValue' and 'resolve' functions, and 'colors' object provided to 'colorsPolishedResolver'.",
  "sinks": "Returned color values after transformations, or input 'value' being used directly if no pattern matches.",
  "flows": "Input 'value' is matched against regex patterns; if pattern matches, corresponding color transformation functions ('darken', 'lighten', etc.) are called, and the result is recursively combined with the remaining pattern parts; if no pattern matches, 'value' is resolved via 'resolveColor'.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls. Usage of pattern matching and color functions is standard; no obfuscated code or dynamic code execution detected. No signs of data leakage, system calls, or malicious network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code defines color transformation functions with pattern matching to dynamically adjust colors. It utilizes regex patterns to interpret commands like 'darken', 'lighten', etc., and applies the appropriate functions. The recursive 'resolveValue' function assembles the final color string. No external network access, file system operations, or suspicious code constructs are present. All code functions are straightforward and focused on color manipulation, which is typical in UI theming. There are no signs of malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or malicious data handling. The structure and imported libraries are common for styling utilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard color processing utility with pattern matching for color transformations. No malicious or suspicious behavior detected. The code's purpose is to dynamically resolve colors with transformations, with no indication of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}