{
  "purpose": "This code processes color values and applies various transformations such as darkening, lightening, inverting, transparentizing, and opacifying colors based on matched patterns. It is used for dynamic color manipulation in styling contexts.",
  "sources": "Input color value (`value`) from function parameters and potential color mappings from `colors` object.",
  "sinks": "The transformed color values returned by functions, which may be used in styling or rendering contexts.",
  "flows": "Input `value` is matched against regex patterns; if matched, the corresponding transformation function is called; the transformed color is then recursively processed or returned.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code relies solely on well-known libraries (`@amendable/colors` and `polished`) for color processing. No external network calls, file manipulations, or system interactions are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several functions to resolve color values based on pattern matching. It uses regex patterns to detect color modification commands such as darken, lighten, invert, transparentize, and opacify, applying corresponding functions from the 'polished' library. The `resolveValue` function handles recursive resolution, reapplying transformations if patterns are nested. The `colorsPolishedResolver` function constructs a resolver object for external use. There are no signs of code obfuscation, malicious logic, or system interactions. All operations appear to be related to styling and color computation, with no malicious or harmful intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs safe color transformations and pattern matching using standard libraries and techniques. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this module. The implementation appears legitimate for styling purposes, with no suspicious anomalies or malicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}