{
  "purpose": "This code implements a custom orbit control class for a 3D scene using three.js, allowing pointer lock-based camera manipulation with rotation and zoom features.",
  "sources": "Reads include DOM events ('pointerlockchange', 'pointermove', 'wheel'), and object properties (object.position, object.up). No external or untrusted input sources are explicitly read beyond event listeners.",
  "sinks": "Uses DOM APIs (requestPointerLock, exitPointerLock) for pointer lock control. The camera position is updated directly based on spherical coordinates, but no data is sent externally or stored insecurely.",
  "flows": "User interaction via pointer lock events and mouse movements updates spherical coordinates and camera position. No data flows from external sources to sensitive sinks beyond user input, which is used only for camera control.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation detected. The code primarily manages camera controls; it does not perform network communication or access sensitive system resources. The use of private class fields (#spherical, #sphericalDelta, etc.) is standard ES6 syntax and not malicious. The method 'setZoomTo0' can set zoom scale to zero but does not perform any malicious actions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured implementation of a camera control system based on pointer lock events and mouse movement. It handles input events securely, with no evident data leaks or malicious data handling. The functions involve standard mathematical operations for camera manipulation without any hidden or suspicious code. There are no network requests, data exfiltration, or unauthorized access mechanisms. All event handlers update the camera position internally, and no external code is triggered to send data elsewhere.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign, standard implementation of pointer lock orbit controls for 3D scenes, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It focuses solely on user input handling and camera movement, with proper event management. No malicious intent or security risks are detected based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}