{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to manipulate SVG elements in a webpage, fix styles, replace font icons with images, and export the modified content as an image file (PNG or other formats). It facilitates visual adjustments and saving functionalities for SVG-based graphics.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from DOM elements such as 'svg', 'div', and other HTML nodes via querySelectorAll and getAttribute. It also accesses window.getComputedStyle to obtain style information.",
  "sinks": "The code creates image elements and uses saveAs to save files. It processes SVGs into PNG URIs using 'svgAsPngUri', then triggers file downloads with saveAs. These are potential sinks where untrusted data could be exported or misused.",
  "flows": "The flow involves reading SVG elements, replacing them with images generated from SVGs, and then saving the resulting canvas/image as a file. Specifically, SVGs are converted into PNG URIs and then saved locally, which is a typical export flow. The process of replacing font icons with images involves DOM manipulation and data URI generation.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious anomalies or unusual code patterns. The code appears standard for SVG manipulation and image export. The only notable aspect is the asynchronous replacement of SVGs with images and the use of external libraries for image processing and saving.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manipulates DOM elements, styles, and SVGs for visual adjustments and exporting images. It includes functions for fixing styles, replacing SVG icons with PNG images, and exporting the content as a file. The logic for replacing font icons involves caching generated PNGs to optimize repeated conversions. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are evident. The code relies on well-known libraries ('save-svg-as-png' and 'file-saver') for image processing and saving. It does not perform any network requests or access sensitive data directly. The flow from SVG to PNG and file save appears legitimate for a web application feature aimed at exporting graphics. Overall, there are no signs of malicious behavior or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility for SVG style fixing, icon replacement, and image export. It does not contain malicious intent, malware, or security vulnerabilities. The operations performed are typical for client-side image processing and download functionality. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}