{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for manipulating SVG elements, replacing icon SVGs with PNG images, fixing styles for consistent rendering, and exporting SVG content as PNG images for download.",
  "sources": "Code reads style properties from DOM elements (window.getComputedStyle), querySelectorAll for SVGs, and attributes like 'data-icon' from SVG elements.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'saveAs' from 'file-saver' to trigger file downloads. Also creates 'img' elements, sets 'src' attributes, and replaces SVGs with images. Potentially writes data to the filesystem through downloads.",
  "flows": "Style properties and attributes are read from DOM elements -> SVGs are processed for style fixing and icon replacement -> images are generated and SVGs replaced -> final canvas or image is downloaded via saveAs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, no suspicious network calls or obfuscated code. The code uses asynchronous image generation but no evidence of malicious data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manipulates DOM elements, fixes styles, replaces SVG icons with PNG images, and facilitates exporting the modified content as an image file. It uses well-known libraries ('save-svg-as-png' and 'file-saver') for image processing and file download. The asynchronous image cache avoids redundant PNG generation. There are no suspicious or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, command-and-control communication, or malware activities. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution is present. It functions as a client-side utility for image export, with no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for SVG processing and image export, with no evidence of malicious or sabotage behavior. It securely manipulates DOM styles, replaces icons with images, and triggers downloads without any malicious data handling. Overall, the code is safe based on the provided analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}