{
  "purpose": "This code customizes the assertion behavior of the 'supertest' testing library by overriding 'Test.prototype.assert' with a custom function, likely for handling specific test failure scenarios, and exports a configured 'supertest' client targeting a URL from the configuration.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'res' and 'resError' parameters during test assertions, and from the 'config.kong_url' for the target URL.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the overridden 'assert' method which could suppress or modify test failures, and the network request to 'config.kong_url' which could be misused if misconfigured.",
  "flows": "Input data ('res', 'resError') flows into the custom assertion function, which then either calls the callback with an error or proceeds with the original assertion. The 'supertest' client uses the URL from 'config.kong_url' to send requests.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains an unconventional override of an internal test assertion method, which is unusual but not inherently malicious. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or malicious network activity are present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports 'supertest' and a local configuration, then patches 'Test.prototype.assert' with a custom function that alters assertion failure handling, likely for testing purposes. It then creates a 'supertest' client targeting the URL specified in 'config.kong_url' and exports it. The override modifies internal test assertion behavior but does not perform any malicious actions or data leaks. No hardcoded credentials or obfuscated code are present. The override could be misused if the code were in production, but as-is, it appears to be a benign testing utility. The network request is directed at a configurable URL, which should be verified but is standard in testing environments. Overall, there is no evidence of malicious activity, obfuscation, or significant security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a testing utility that customizes assertion handling within 'supertest'. It does not contain malware or obfuscation and poses minimal security risk. The unconventional override is likely for testing purposes and does not indicate malicious intent. The assigned scores of malware=0, obfuscated=0, and risk=0.2 are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}