{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WebGL-based 3D viewer for IFC models in wexBIM format, providing functionalities such as model loading, rendering, interaction, and styling.",
  "sources": "Sources include user inputs for model loading (URL, Blob, File), mouse events for interaction, and data buffers/readers for binary parsing of models.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include WebGL texture and buffer uploads, network requests for model fetching, and DOM manipulation for SVG overlays and event handling.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (model URLs, Blob/File, user interaction) through binary parsing and into GPU buffers/textures; rendering pipeline uses shader programs and uniforms; interaction events trigger model state changes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. No suspicious network connections, data leaks, or hidden behaviors detected. All data handling appears standard for a WebGL viewer. Code comments and structure align with a typical 3D viewer setup.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive WebGL IFC model viewer with binary data parsing, shader management, and interaction controls. It reads binary model files via XMLHttpRequest or FileReader, processes model geometry, and uploads data to GPU. Event handling for user interaction (mouse events, clipping, camera control) follows standard patterns. No code segments perform unauthorized data exfiltration, remote command execution, or malicious behaviors. The inclusion of extensive WebGL utilities, shader sources, and model processing routines aligns with legitimate visualization functions. All functions serve rendering, styling, or interaction purposes, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate WebGL-based IFC model viewer implementation. It does not contain malicious behaviors, backdoors, or sabotage code. The logic is aligned with standard 3D rendering and user interaction workflows. No security risks or malware signals identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}