{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WebGL-based 3D model viewer for IFC/wexBIM files, including binary data parsing, rendering, interaction, and scene management.",
  "sources": "Binary data loading via XMLHttpRequest, FileReader, Blob, and ArrayBuffer; user input via mouse and scroll events; shader sources; WebGL context creation; model and scene data buffers and textures.",
  "sinks": "GPU buffers and textures for rendering; WebGL API calls for shader compilation, buffer, and texture setup; readPixels for ID picking; event handlers for user interactions.",
  "flows": "Data is loaded from external sources (XHR, FileReader, Blob) into buffers; buffers and textures are uploaded to GPU; shaders process data for rendering; user input modifies scene or picks IDs via rendering to offscreen buffers.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network connections are present. Shader sources appear standard for ID encoding, color coding, and normal calculation. No obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic eval, or unusual variable names. External dependencies like WebGL and mat4/vec3 from gl-matrix are standard. The code performs typical scene and interaction management, with no hidden data exfiltration or malicious network activity. The presence of a large amount of shader code and matrix operations is consistent with 3D rendering logic, not malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a WebGL scene, loads binary model data via multiple input methods, and renders complex 3D scenes with interaction support. The shaders encode IDs for object picking and support normal, color, and transformation calculations. No network connections are made outside of resource loading; no suspicious data is sent or received. The code handles user input for navigation and clipping interactively but does not send any data externally. All data flows are internal to GPU buffers or scene rendering. No signs of malware like cryptomining, data theft, or hidden backdoors are found. Shader code and binary parsing logic are standard and do not contain obfuscation or malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "The reviewed code is a WebGL-based 3D IFC model viewer that performs data loading, parsing, rendering, and interaction management. It contains no malicious behavior or sabotage. The code appears to be a legitimate visualization tool with standard features, with no signs of malware, supply chain attacks, or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}