{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for drawing various shapes and patterns, primarily SVG path data generation for visual elements such as LEDs, marks, rays, fills, and shapes, possibly for a graphical or UI component.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters, such as 'normal', 'count', 'radius', 'size', 'gap', etc., as well as internal calculations. No external or untrusted sources are explicitly accessed or read from external systems or data streams.",
  "sinks": "Generated SVG path strings are output, which can be used in SVG elements. No direct data leaks, network transmissions, or system modifications are detected. The functions do not interact with environment variables, files, or network.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function inputs through mathematical and geometric calculations, resulting in SVG path strings. No external data sources or sinks are involved outside the scope of generating SVG commands.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code uses memoization for performance, which is normal. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or misleading variable usage detected. No external system calls or hidden functions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of shape and pattern generation functions using mathematical formulas, mainly for SVG path creation. It employs memoization for optimization and relies on standard trigonometric calculations. No signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, system modification, or covert channels are evident. The functions are purely mathematical and graphical, serving rendering purposes. There are no embedded or hidden payloads, external data access, or suspicious code constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate collection of graphical shape functions with no malicious behavior detected. It is intended for rendering SVG shapes and patterns, with no indicators of malware or security risks. The security risk is minimal, primarily related to misuse if used maliciously in a larger context, but the code itself is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}