{
  "purpose": "This source code appears to be a React component library or UI toolkit that manages file uploads, drag-and-drop zones, and UI rendering for file handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from user interactions such as drag-and-drop events, file input elements, and possibly environment variables or global objects for configuration (e.g., window, document).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests (not explicitly shown here), file system interactions via the File System Access API, and rendering of SVG icons and file details. No explicit data leakage points are evident in the provided code.",
  "flows": "User actions like drag-and-drop or file selection (sources) flow through event handlers to update component state and UI (sinks). No data flows to external systems are directly observed in this fragment.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified or transpiled React code, with no hardcoded secrets or credentials. No unusual or suspicious code patterns, such as network connections to unknown domains, system commands, or backdoors, are present. The presence of functions like 'showOpenFilePicker' could be a legitimate API but warrants caution; however, it is a standard Web API for file selection.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React-based file upload component, utilizing modern web APIs like the File System Access API. It manages drag-and-drop, file validation, and icon rendering. No hardcoded credentials, system commands, or network calls are visible. It relies on standard APIs and React practices, with no obfuscated or malicious patterns. The code structure suggests legitimate UI functionality without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a React component library for file uploads and drag-and-drop interactions. It uses standard APIs and does not exhibit any signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. There are no suspicious network connections, backdoors, or data leaks. The code appears legitimate and safe based on this fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}