{
  "purpose": "This source code defines React components and utility functions, primarily for a file upload interface, including drag-and-drop features, file validation, and rendering icons. It appears to be a bundled or transpiled module for UI interactions related to file uploads.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from imported React hooks and components, component props, and user interaction events (such as drag-and-drop and file input events). It processes file objects, including their properties like name, size, and type. No external data sources or inputs are evident beyond standard React props and user events.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data flows from user interactions (drag/drop or file input) into file processing functions. There are no sinks that send data over network connections, write to files, or execute system commands. Rendering functions generate DOM elements with data from user-selected files, but do not execute code from these files.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user actions (file selection or drag/drop) into validation and processing functions, then into rendering components displaying file info and icons. No evidence of data being transmitted externally or used in insecure ways.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes a very large bundled file with minified or transpiled code, making it difficult to identify obfuscation or hidden malicious logic explicitly. Despite this, no hardcoded credentials, suspicious network calls, or backdoors are detected. The code contains standard React component definitions, icon rendering, and file validation logic. The source mapping comment suggests it's a bundled module. There are no signs of dynamic code execution, eval, or suspicious code injections.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily minified or transpiled, likely from a module bundle, possibly from a React library for file uploads. It imports React and sets up various components and utilities for drag-and-drop, file validation, and icon rendering. The logic handles user input, file validation based on size and type, and UI rendering. No network requests, system modifications, or sensitive data handling are present. The obfuscated structure is typical for bundled or minified code but does not inherently indicate malicious intent. The code adheres to expected React patterns and utility functions for managing file uploads and UI state.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React-based file upload component with no malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not send data externally, execute dynamic code, or contain backdoors. The obfuscation is due to minification or transpilation, not malicious concealment. Overall, it is a typical UI utility module for file management without security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}