{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a React-based component library or utility module focused on file upload and management, with multiple React hooks and SVG icon components. It seems designed for rendering upload interfaces and handling drag-and-drop file interactions.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from event handlers (e.g., dataTransfer in drag-and-drop, input element changes), environment variables (though not explicitly), and component props. The code also accesses DOM elements via refs and event listeners.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous sinks include network requests, but none are explicitly present. The code manipulates DOM, handles file uploads, and processes files locally. No direct data leaks or network transmission of sensitive data are visible.",
  "flows": "User interacts via drag-and-drop or file input, which triggers event handlers that process files. Files are read locally, displayed, and managed within component state. No flow shows data being sent externally.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are evident. The code includes complex, minified-looking JavaScript with React hooks, SVG components, and file handling utilities, but nothing suspicious in function or structure. No obfuscated or malicious patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily minified and bundled React components, primarily for file upload UI and related interactions. It uses React hooks like useState, useRef, useEffect to manage user interactions and files. No code snippets show network requests, system info collection, or external connections. The presence of SVG icon components and file validation functions are typical for UI libraries. Despite complex minified code, the content is consistent with legitimate UI behavior, not malicious activities.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a legitimate React file upload component library with no indications of malicious intent or malware. It manages file input, drag-and-drop, and user interface elements securely, with no suspicious network activity or data leaks evident. Its structure is typical for such libraries and lacks malicious payloads.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}