{
  "purpose": "This code creates an animatable React Native component that manages animated progress and rotation for visual elements, typically used for loading indicators or similar UI components.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from component props such as 'progress', 'indeterminate', 'direction', and 'animated'. It also accesses internal Animated.Value instances for 'animationValue' and 'rotation'. It does not read data from external sources or environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Animated API functions such as 'addListener', 'removeAllListeners', 'start' for animations, and 'setValue' to update animated values. No untrusted data is used in security-sensitive operations. No network or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input props (progress, indeterminate) influence animation state via internal listeners and conditional logic. Animated values are updated through 'Animated.spring' and 'Animated.timing'. These influence the visual rotation and progress of the component. No data flows to external sinks such as network or file systems.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or unusual behavior observed. The code uses standard React Native animation patterns, with no obfuscated code or dynamic code execution. No potential backdoors or malicious logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code employs React Native Animated API to animate a component's progress and rotation. It manages animation state based on props, uses listeners to sync animated values with component state, and recursively spins when 'indeterminate' is true. All operations are standard for creating animated UI components. No external data sources, network activity, or suspicious logic are present. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of animated progress/rotation functionality.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React Native component for animated progress indicators. It contains no evidence of malicious intent, malicious code, or security risks. It operates purely for UI animation purposes without any suspicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}