{
  "purpose": "This code defines various validation and configuration rules for Sketch design files, including naming conventions, style usage, layer organization, and other project standards. It appears to be a set of plugins or extensions aimed at maintaining design consistency and quality.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options such as allowed and forbidden name patterns, library lists, rule parameters, and metadata from the environment. It also inspects Sketch document objects like layers, styles, symbols, and assets.",
  "sinks": "The code performs reporting actions via 'r.report' and 'r.utils.report' to notify users of violations or issues. It does not send data over network or interact with external systems directly, but it generates messages that could be used to alert or log violations.",
  "flows": "Sources (configuration options and document objects) flow into validation functions that analyze naming patterns, style usage, and layer organization. Violations identified during these checks flow into reporting functions, which alert users of issues. No external data flows or malicious commands are observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive internationalization (i18n) support and flexible rule configuration, which are standard. There are no indications of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls. No use of dynamic code execution, eval, or suspicious network activity is evident. The code appears to be a comprehensive validation plugin for Sketch files with well-structured rules.",
  "analysis": "The code is modular, defining multiple rules for validating design file components such as layer names, styles, symbols, groups, images, and layout settings. It loads configurations for naming patterns, library restrictions, and other standards. It employs pattern matching via regular expressions, style comparison, and object property checks. All actions are confined within the plugin environment, focusing on validation and reporting. No external network access, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior is detected. The presence of internationalization and configuration options indicates a tool intended for enforcing design standards rather than malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a design validation plugin for Sketch, providing rules and reports to maintain consistency and quality. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It operates within the scope of design file analysis and user notification. Overall, the code appears safe with a malware score of 0 and a security risk score of 0.1 due to the potential for misconfiguration but not malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}