{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a collection of helper functions, rules, and configuration for a Sketch design file quality assurance system, including rules for naming conventions, style consistency, and organizational best practices.",
  "sources": "Reads data from objects such as r.objects.artboard, r.objects.page, r.objects.group, r.objects.sharedStyle, r.objects.symbolInstance, r.objects.text, and style properties like fills, borders, shadows, style IDs, and shared styles.",
  "sinks": "Reports violations via r.report() when certain conditions are met, such as disabled styles, unused symbols, inconsistent naming, or layout deviations. No direct data leakage or external network activity observed.",
  "flows": "Sources (data reading from design objects and styles) lead to sinks (reporting violations). There are validation rules that process objects, styles, and names, and generate reports for violations based on conditions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code extensively uses external libraries and functions for validation, and mostly performs non-sensitive checks. No obfuscated code or runtime code execution. The code employs standard data validation and reporting methods typical for design file auditing.",
  "analysis": "The code defines numerous validation rules for a design system, including naming conventions, style consistency, and organizational standards. It primarily reads metadata from design layers, styles, symbols, and layout properties. The functions use straightforward conditional checks and regular expressions for pattern matching. There are no indications of network requests, data exfiltration, or malicious backdoors. The code is comprehensive but mainly focused on static validation without dynamic code execution or obfuscated patterns. The only potential concern is if these rules are misused for unwarranted data collection, but in the context of a design QA tool, this appears benign.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of static validation rules for a Sketch design QA system. It performs style, naming, and organizational checks without any malicious behavior or external data leaks. The logic is straightforward and designed for internal validation, with no indications of malware or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}