{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a set of JavaScript modules for a Sketch plugin or assistant, implementing various style, naming, and organizational rules to enforce consistency in design files.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options (e.g., allowed/forbidden patterns, library lists), layer and style properties, and external metadata such as image references and color data. It processes layer properties, style references, and naming patterns.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include reporting violations via the 'report' method, reading style and layer properties, and accessing external resources such as image metadata. No evidence of data leakage, system modification, or external network activity is present.",
  "flows": "Sources include configuration options, layer properties, and external references. These flow into rule evaluations that identify anomalies. Violations are reported through the 'report' method, which is a controlled output mechanism. No external data transmission or system modification occurs.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily modularized with dynamically generated rules for naming patterns, style consistency, and layer organization. It performs checks on style properties, layer placement, naming conventions, and style usage. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. No obfuscated or minified malicious code patterns are present. The code appears to implement standard validation routines with no hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured set of validation rules for a Sketch plugin, using imports and functions to check various aspects of a design file, such as naming patterns, style usage, layer placement, and metadata. It employs pattern matching via regex, style equality checks, and usage frequency analyses to enforce best practices. The code operates in a read-only manner, reporting violations rather than modifying files or communicating externally. No suspicious system calls, network requests, or data exfiltration behaviors are detected. The structure is consistent with legitimate plugin validation code. The extensive modularity and use of standard API patterns suggest benign intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive validation suite for Sketch design files, enforcing style, naming, and organizational standards. It performs checks and reports issues without any evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. No malware signals or dangerous security risks are present. The code appears safe and aligns with intended plugin functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}