{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a set of rules and utility functions designed for code quality, style consistency, and document organization within Sketch design files, including rules for naming, style usage, and structure validation.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options, file object properties, style properties, and layer attributes. It accesses style definitions, layer names, library references, and object hierarchy.",
  "sinks": "Potentially malicious sinks include functions that report violations, possibly sending data or logs externally; dynamically generating regex patterns for validation; and functions that could be exploited for code injection if misused. However, no explicit network activity or data exfiltration code is present.",
  "flows": "Input data (layer properties, style attributes, configuration options) flow into validation functions that generate reports or warnings. There are no evidence of data flowing from untrusted sources to sinks like network or system commands.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets. The code relies heavily on pattern matching, validation, and reporting, with no signs of obfuscated, hidden, or dynamic code execution. All code appears to be standard, modular, and aimed at static validation.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple modules that define rules for validating Sketch file layers and styles, such as naming conventions, size ratios, style usage, and hierarchy. It employs pattern matching, configuration options, and structured reports. There is no evidence of network requests, data leakage, or sabotage. The functions are designed for static validation, with clear separation of concerns. No dynamically evaluated code or suspicious API calls are found. The presence of utility functions for internationalization, pattern matching, and property validation indicates standard design for a plugin or style guide enforcement tool.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of static validation rules for Sketch files, aimed at maintaining style and organizational consistency. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data flows. It is well-structured and focused on static analysis, with no signs of malware or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}