{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a set of rules and validation functions for ensuring design consistency and quality within Sketch files, including naming conventions, style usage, and layer organization. It also includes debugging and internal configuration rules.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options, such as allowed and forbidden patterns, library sources, and various style and layer attributes. It also accesses and processes data about layers, styles, symbols, images, and layout settings within Sketch files.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data flows include report functions that output validation messages and error alerts. There are no indications of data leaks, network communication, or data exfiltration. The code does not perform external network requests or write to files.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input options (patterns, library selections, naming conventions) into validation rules, which process Sketch file object properties such as layer names, styles, and layer hierarchy. Validation results are reported via the report functions, but no external sinks or malicious actions are present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The code includes debug functions, error-throwing routines, and internal configuration options, but these serve development and testing purposes. No obfuscated code or dynamic eval statements are found. The code is modular, and all external libraries are standard or internal modules.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines validation rules and configuration for ensuring design consistency in Sketch files, including naming patterns, style reuse, layer organization, and image size constraints. It makes extensive use of imported modules for validation, pattern matching, and internationalization. No network communication, file system access, or external data exfiltration mechanisms are present. Debugging functions include error throws and timeout waits, but these are explicitly marked as internal debug routines. The overall structure and content do not suggest malicious intent. The code is detailed and appears to be a well-structured validation plugin rather than malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of validation and quality assurance rules for Sketch design files, focusing on style, naming, organization, and image sizes. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It is a legitimate internal validation tool or plugin configuration. No signs of malware or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}