{
  "purpose": "This code defines a configuration object for a blockchain protocol, setting various parameters, addresses, oracles, and constants used across different networks and components.",
  "sources": "Data sources include hardcoded addresses, constant values, and imported modules such as 'ethers', '../../helpers/constants', and '../../helpers/types'. It reads these during initialization and usage in other parts of the system.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include address fields, such as 'UsdAddress', 'PoolAdmin', 'EmergencyAdmin', and other contract addresses; and configuration parameters that could influence contract interactions or administrative privileges.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the hardcoded configuration values (addresses, constants) to contract interactions, administrative functions, and oracle feeds. The addresses are used as endpoints for protocol components and oracles, which may be invoked by other modules in the system.",
  "anomalies": "All address and parameter values are hardcoded; no dynamic code execution, no obfuscated code, and no unusual language features are present. No sensitive data such as private keys or secrets is embedded. Comments and structure are standard, with no suspicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of static configuration data for a blockchain protocol, including addresses, oracle feeds, and constants. No code execution or external data fetching occurs here. Addresses and parameters are set explicitly, likely to be used by other components. No signs of malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration logic are evident. The configuration appears typical for deploying or managing a smart contract protocol, with no suspicious behaviors or anomalies.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward configuration file defining protocol parameters, addresses, and oracles. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware indications. It is safe based on the provided content, serving as a static setup for the protocol.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}