{
  "purpose": "The code defines Vue.js components for rendering JSON schemas and process parameters, likely for documentation or user interface purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads component properties such as 'schema', 'parameters', 'description', 'default', and environment variables through Vue props and data. It also loads external components and utility functions.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks like network requests, file writes, or execution of untrusted code are present. Rendering functions output HTML elements based on provided schemas and parameters.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props into computed properties and methods, which then influence template rendering. No execution of external or untrusted code, nor dynamic code execution, is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes dynamically imported components, but these are standard Vue.js practices for code-splitting and lazy-loading. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code structures are identified. The code filters and processes schema data in a typical manner.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily Vue.js component definitions for rendering JSON schemas and process parameters, with standard data handling and rendering logic. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious network activity, or hidden backdoors. External dependencies are dynamically imported but are typical for Vue.js applications. The code does not execute any external commands, write files, or perform network requests. The filtering and rendering logic is straightforward and consistent with schema visualization. No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials or suspicious behavior are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured Vue.js component implementation for schema visualization. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are detected. The code functions as intended for rendering schemas and parameters without evident security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}