{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a Vue.js component for rendering JSON schemas and process parameters, likely for a documentation or configuration interface related to processes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from 'schema' props, 'parameters', and 'description' fields within the components; it also imports utility functions and dynamically loads other components.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs rendered HTML elements and Vue components. It does not appear to directly send data over the network, modify system files, or execute untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Schema data is processed and rendered into HTML/Component output; user interactions (e.g., clicking '>' to show schema details) change component state. No data flows directly to network or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains dynamic component loading, which is standard in Vue.js. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious URLs, or backdoors are evident. No obfuscated or suspicious language features are present. The use of 'enableHtmlProps' from utils might modify component props, but this is a typical utility function.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Vue.js component implementation for rendering JSON schemas and process parameters with support for nested schemas, descriptions, and conditional rendering. The use of dynamic import() for components is normal for code splitting. No indications of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful side effects, are found. The component appears designed for safe rendering of schema data, with no external network calls, file system access, or code execution beyond standard Vue behavior. No malicious or suspicious patterns detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Vue component setup for displaying JSON schemas and parameters, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It appears safe and appropriate for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}