{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript module that provides easing functions and tweening utilities for animations, primarily for use with PIXI.js or similar frameworks.",
  "sources": "Reads data from the 'e.target' object, and method parameters such as 'props', 'duration', 'ease', 'onUpdate', and 'onComplete'. It also reads from the global 'self' object during module initialization.",
  "sinks": "Potentially writes to 'e.target' properties during tween updates. No other sinks such as network or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (target object properties and configuration) flow into the tween setup; tween progress updates flow back into 'target' object properties during animation; callbacks like 'onUpdate' and 'onComplete' are invoked during tween lifecycle.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard animation easing and tweening functions; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code are evident. The module setup is a common pattern for universal module definition (UMD).",
  "analysis": "The module provides a set of easing functions and a Tweening utility ('Tweener') for smooth animations. It initializes by checking for different module systems (CommonJS, AMD, global). The 'Tweener' manages multiple tweens, updating 'target' object properties based on easing functions over time. The code employs common JavaScript practices, with no obfuscated or suspicious constructs. No external network calls or file manipulations are present. The data flow is typical for animation libraries, with inputs controlling target properties and outputs applying animated values. No anomalies indicating malicious behavior are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard animation utility library providing easing functions and tween management. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. Its design and structure are consistent with open-source animation libraries. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}