{
  "purpose": "The code provides an animation easing library and a tweening utility for PIXI.js, a popular graphics rendering library. It defines various easing functions and manages tween animations for objects.",
  "sources": "Initialization functions, module export patterns, and the 'Tween' management functions such as 'init', 'add', 'killTweensOf', and 'update'. The code reads data from module environment, global object, and function parameters. No user input is directly read.",
  "sinks": "Application of tweening properties to target objects, and the network or file system are not involved. No external data sinks are present; the code manipulates in-memory objects and properties.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (targets and properties) are used to create tweens, which update target object properties over time via easing functions. Data flows from function inputs (targets, properties, options) to the target object's properties through the tweening process.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard for a tweening library; no hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The structure matches typical JavaScript module patterns; no unusual language features are used.",
  "analysis": "The code defines easing functions and a Tween management system for animating properties of objects in PIXI.js applications. It exports functions compatible with various module systems (CommonJS, AMD, global). The 'Tween' object manages the lifecycle of tweens, including initialization, addition, updating, and disposal. It uses standard mathematical functions for easing and manages multiple concurrent tweens. There are no signs of malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code is unminified, well-structured, and typical for a JavaScript animation library.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate tweening library for PIXI.js animations, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It is a standard implementation of easing functions and tween management, and does not contain malware, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}