{
  "purpose": "This code provides a module for creating and managing Prometheus metrics (Histograms and Gauges) in a Node.js application, including registry management.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration parameters for metrics (e.g., registerName, histogramName, help, func) and the 'app' identifier from function inputs.",
  "sinks": "The code registers metrics with Prometheus client libraries and executes functions to collect gauge values asynchronously.",
  "flows": "Inputs (function arguments, app name, metric parameters) are used to create and register metrics. Gauges invoke provided functions to obtain current values. Metrics are registered in registries and observed or collected accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. No network activity or data exfiltration present. Buckets and registry management appear standard. No dynamic code execution beyond standard async collection. Usage of default metrics is typical.",
  "analysis": "The code defines registry management to avoid duplicate metric registrations per app, ensuring metrics are registered correctly. Histogram class initializes a histogram with predefined buckets if none are specified, and provides a method to observe values. Gauge class initializes a gauge with an asynchronous collect method that calls an external function to set its value. All operations are standard for Prometheus metrics in Node.js, with no signs of obfuscated code, malicious payloads, or suspicious data handling. No external data sources or sinks involved that could indicate malicious activity. The structure and logic are consistent with typical metrics collection modules.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of Prometheus metrics for Node.js with proper registry management. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks based on its content. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data leakage are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}