{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React Native component 'ProgressCircle' for rendering a circular progress indicator with optional animation and text display.",
  "sources": "Imports React and React Native modules, including 'react-native-svg' and local components './Shapes/Arc' and './withAnimation'. Uses component props and state, especially 'progress', 'rotation', and style props.",
  "sinks": "Rendering of SVG shapes ('Arc' and 'AnimatedArc') with properties like 'stroke', 'fill', 'radius', and 'angle'. Interaction with animated values and rendering text elements with progress info.",
  "flows": "Progress values ('progress', 'rotation', 'progressValue') are used to determine angles and rendering. Animated values influence SVG rotation and shape angles. The component renders SVG arcs based on progress, rotation, and style props.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. Usage of animation and SVG rendering appears standard. No code injection, network calls, or data leakage mechanisms are present. The code structure is typical for a React Native component; no obfuscated or unusual language features detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a React Native component that visualizes progress using SVG shapes, with support for animation via 'Animated'. It reads input from props such as 'progress', 'rotation', and style parameters. The component updates internal 'progressValue' if animated and listens to 'progress' changes. Rendering involves conditional SVG shape rendering based on 'indeterminate' and 'animated' flags, with no signs of malicious or suspicious behavior. No external network interactions, data leaks, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code is clean, straightforward, and uses standard React Native practices.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a standard, well-structured React Native component for a progress indicator. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are evident. The code does not contain malware or suspicious anomalies. It is safe and appropriate for use in production.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}