{
  "purpose": "The code demonstrates usage of a HapchaTag class to encode and decode a product data object representing a fruit salad with ingredients. It appears intended for creating shareable encoded tags with optional domain inclusion.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'fruit_salad' object, specifically the product name and ingredients array. It also reads the 'HapchaTag' class from an imported module.",
  "sinks": "The encoded strings may be used as URLs or data tokens; 'console.log' outputs data. The code itself does not send data over network or access external systems beyond logging.",
  "flows": "Input data (fruit_salad object) -> hapchaTag.encode() -> URL string (possibly with domain) -> hapchaTag.decode() -> output object",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malicious code. The code performs encoding/decoding using an imported class; no external calls or suspicious operations observed. No obfuscation or suspicious variable names.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a module dynamically to access the 'HapchaTag' class, then creates an object with product information. It encodes and decodes this data, optionally including a domain in the encoding URL. The encoding results are string representations, likely for sharing or verification purposes. The code logs outputs for verification. There is no evidence of data leakage, network connections, or malicious actions. The import is standard and non-obfuscated, and the encode/decode operations are straightforward. No suspicious behaviors or anomalies are apparent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation for encoding and decoding product data tags using a helper class, with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It performs expected data serialization tasks without external system interactions or sensitive data handling beyond normal logging. Overall, it is a benign utility script.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}