{
  "purpose": "This code demonstrates usage of the HapchaTag library to encode and decode a fruit salad data object, with options to include a domain in the encoding process.",
  "sources": "The code reads static data objects (fruit_salad) and imported module ('../src/hapcha-tag.js'). It also reads user-supplied options (domain parameter) in encode method.",
  "sinks": "The encoded strings are output via console.log, which could be considered a sink for data leakage if malicious data were inserted. However, the data appears to be purely static and controlled.",
  "flows": "The data object is passed to hapchaTag.encode() (source) and the output string is decoded back via hapchaTag.decode() (sink). No untrusted input is processed; the data is static. The domain parameter affects URL construction in encoding, but is statically set.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious behaviors detected. The code uses standard dynamic import and class instantiation. The encoding process produces a predictable string based on input data. No hardcoded secrets or malicious code are present. The import path is relative but appears legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically imports a module ('../src/hapcha-tag.js'), which is a standard pattern for modular JavaScript code. The code defines a static data object representing a fruit salad with ingredients. It creates an instance of HapchaTag, then encodes and decodes the data, both with and without a domain parameter. The encoding outputs resemble a custom string format, and the decode process reconstructs the original data object. All operations are straightforward data transformations; there is no indication of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection. The import path is relative and may be local to the project, not suspicious. The code does not process untrusted user input, nor does it generate or execute dynamic code. The encoded strings and the imported module are consistent with legitimate encoding/decoding operations. No obfuscation or hidden code is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard encoding and decoding operations on a static data object using an external library. There are no signs of malicious intent, suspicious behavior, or security risks. It appears to be a normal implementation demonstrating the library's usage. The only minor point is the relative import path, which is common in project code and not suspicious. Overall, the code is safe and not malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}