{
  "purpose": "The code reads text files from an input directory, optionally loads an example for text cleaning, and uses the OpenAI API to process and clean the content of each file based on the example provided. The cleaned text is then saved to an output directory.",
  "sources": "Reads files from the specified input directory, reads an optional example file, reads content from each input file, and accesses environment variables for the OpenAI API key.",
  "sinks": "Sends content of input files and examples to the OpenAI API for processing. Writes the processed content back to the output directory.",
  "flows": "Input file content and optional example -> sent as messages to OpenAI API -> API returns cleaned text -> saved to output directory.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials are present; API key is fetched from environment/config. No suspicious code behaviors, no obfuscated code, and no hidden backdoors observed. Logging is straightforward. The code does not handle untrusted input beyond reading files, and all external interactions are through the authorized API.",
  "analysis": "The code securely reads input files and optional example data, then uses the OpenAI API to process the text based on prompts. The API key is obtained from the provided configuration, not hardcoded, which aligns with good security practice. There are no signs of malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, system modification, or malicious network activity. The only external interaction is with the OpenAI API, which is expected for this functionality. The code performs standard file I/O, API calls, and logging. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign utility for cleaning text files via AI processing. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or malicious behaviors. The security risk is low, primarily dependent on the security of the API key and the external API.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}