{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for shuffling and splitting arrays or strings based on specified ratios, and combines these functionalities for randomized splitting.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the 'arr' parameter passed to the 'ratio' and 'random' functions, which can be arrays or strings, and optional 'splits' arguments specifying ratios.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the use of Math.random() for randomization, which could be predictable if the environment is compromised; however, no direct data leakage or network operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input data ('arr') flows into 'shuffle' (for randomization) and then into 'ratio' for splitting; 'random' function combines shuffling with ratio-based splitting, maintaining the flow from source to processing functions.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are detected. The functions use standard JavaScript techniques for shuffling and splitting. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is present. The code's comments and implementation are straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code implements array and string shuffling using well-known algorithms, notably Fisher-Yates, and splits arrays based on specified ratios. Functions utilize Math.random(), which is standard for randomness but not cryptographically secure. No data is transmitted externally, and no file system or system commands are invoked. The code's structure and logic are typical for utility functions. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activities. The code appears safe and intended solely for utility purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility library for shuffling and splitting arrays or strings. It does not contain any malicious or suspicious behaviors. It uses common algorithms and techniques with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}