{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for shuffling and splitting arrays or strings based on specified ratios.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'arr' and 'splits'. It also reads internal data for shuffling, such as string or array contents.",
  "sinks": "The functions do not write to external systems, files, or network; they process data internally and return results.",
  "flows": "Input data (arrays or strings) is optionally shuffled using internal randomization functions, then split into segments according to provided ratios.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses Math.random() for shuffling, which is predictable and not cryptographically secure; no hardcoded credentials or suspicious code observed. No obfuscation detected. The code is straightforward and well-structured.",
  "analysis": "The code defines simple utility functions: 'sum' for addition, 'shuffleString' for shuffling characters within a string, and 'shuffle' for shuffling arrays or strings. 'shuffleString' creates a new array from a string, shuffles it via the Fisher-Yates algorithm, and joins it back. 'shuffle' detects if input is a string and calls 'shuffleString' or shuffles array elements. The module exports 'ratio' and 'random' functions. 'ratio' splits an array into parts based on ratios, with input validation for sum; 'random' shuffles the array or string before splitting. No external network or system access, no suspicious or malicious code behaviors, no code injection, or data leakage mechanisms. The use of Math.random() is not cryptographically secure but is standard for non-security-critical randomness. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious intent evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions for shuffling and splitting arrays or strings, using standard algorithms without malicious intent. No security risks or malware are detected. The code is straightforward and does not contain obfuscated or suspicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}