{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive set of Vue.js components and utilities for integrating Mapbox GL maps, geocoding, geometry, controls, and overlays, enabling rich map-based UI features in a web application.",
  "sources": "Sources include external libraries such as '@mapbox/mapbox-gl-geocoder', 'mapbox-gl', '@mapbox/mapbox-gl-draw', and 'fast-deep-equal'. It also reads props, injected dependencies (like 'vmb_map', 'vmb_marker', 'vmb_geogeometry', etc.), and DOM element references. Input data is mostly via component props, injections, and refs.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are map control addition/removal, layer and source modifications, popup and geometry manipulations, and event emissions. These are performed on the map instance, which could be untrusted if external data influences it. Additionally, custom functions like 'filterObject' can influence data flow. However, no direct dangerous data leaks or network calls are evident within the code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and injected dependencies into map controls, geometries, and layers. Event handlers propagate map events back to component emits. Geometry objects update their options and set data on sources. There are source-to-sink flows in updating map styles, layers, and data via provided functions. The flow is mostly controlled and predictable, with no external data injections into network or file systems.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code structures, such as obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or hidden backdoors, are present. The code contains standard Vue.js setup with deferred resolution patterns and component registration. The license comment appears standard. There are no hardcoded credentials, network connections, or suspicious side effects. The code relies on well-known libraries without suspicious modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines Vue components for Mapbox integration, including map controls, geometries, overlays, and event handling. It employs deferred promises for asynchronous map interactions, and common patterns like 'inject' and 'provide' for dependency injection. No suspicious code such as network activity, data exfiltration, or dynamic code execution was detected. The license comment is standard. External dependencies are typical for Mapbox-based projects. No signals of malicious behavior or sabotage are evident within this fragment.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured Mapbox Vue.js component library with no malicious intent. It does not contain hidden backdoors, network connections, or data leaks. It relies on external libraries that are commonly used and trustworthy. Based on the static analysis, the likelihood of malicious behavior is extremely low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}