{
  "purpose": "The code implements an image cropping component for React applications, allowing users to upload, manipulate (zoom, rotate, flip), and crop images within a modal interface.",
  "sources": "User input is read from file uploads via the beforeUpload hook, and image data is loaded through FileReader. The code also reads crop parameters and user interactions (e.g., zoom, rotation, flip controls).",
  "sinks": "Cropped image data is processed into a Blob and converted into a File object, which is passed back via promises for further use. Image transformations involve drawing on an off-screen canvas, but do not send data externally.",
  "flows": "Input files are read via FileReader, loaded into state, manipulated with Canvas API, and finally output as Blob/File objects. User interactions (controls, modal actions) update component state but do not transmit data externally.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or external network calls observed. The code uses standard libraries for image cropping and UI controls. No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or hidden behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component that manages image upload, cropping, and transformations. It uses FileReader to load images, Canvas API for image processing, and promises for asynchronous flow. No code indicates malicious intent such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or covert network activity. All input sources are local (file uploads), and output is a cropped image Blob/File returned via callbacks/promises. No suspicious external domains or system access patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured React image cropping utility with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles image input and output securely and does not perform any external network communication or covert data collection.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}