{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React component for image cropping with optional rotation, zoom, and flip controls, using the 'react-easy-crop' library and Ant Design components. It provides an interface for users to upload, edit, and crop images, then output the processed image as a Blob or File object.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include file input via the 'beforeUpload' handler, which reads image files through FileReader, and user interactions such as cropping, zooming, rotating, flipping, and modal controls. Data is retrieved from the uploaded file and media elements on the DOM.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'canvas.toBlob' method which creates a Blob from the edited image, and the 'beforeUpload' callback which can receive the processed file. The code also reads image data from DOM elements. There are no direct network requests or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Input files are loaded via FileReader, triggering state updates for 'src'. User actions update crop, zoom, rotation, and flip states. On confirmation ('onOk'), the code draws the image onto a canvas, applies transformations, then generates a Blob/File object. The flow ends with the processed image ready for upload or further use.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive utility functions (e.g., async generator wrappers, Object.assign polyfills) that are typical for transpiled code but do not exhibit malicious intent. The 'regeneratorRuntime' setup is standard for async/await support. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or obfuscated/malicious code patterns are present. The image processing uses client-side Canvas API without suspicious network activity or system modification. The only external interactions are callbacks and user-triggered events.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on client-side image editing within a React component, with image upload, crop, rotate, zoom, flip, and final image blob creation. It uses standard practices and libraries, with no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system access, or hidden network activity. The included helper functions are typical for transpiled JavaScript. The component handles user input safely and transforms images locally without external network calls or system alterations.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard React image cropping component with no signs of malicious or sabotage behavior. It employs common patterns, third-party libraries, and client-side APIs for image processing. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unauthorized data exfiltration mechanisms are detected. Overall, it appears safe from supply chain or malicious code risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}