{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a syntax highlighting and code formatting library, primarily used for prettifying code snippets in web pages. It includes functions to parse, tokenize, and render code with syntax highlighting.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from parameters passed to functions such as 'a' in functions like 'prettyPrintOne' and 'prettyPrint', and also reads from DOM elements (e.g., 'a.firstChild', 'a.nodeValue', 'a.className'). It also reads user input or DOM content during rendering and highlighting.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM elements by setting innerHTML, replacing child nodes, and creating new text nodes. Also interacts with className and attributes of DOM elements. No direct data leaks or network sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input data from DOM elements or function parameters flows into parsing and tokenization functions. Highlighted and formatted code is injected back into DOM elements via innerHTML or child node replacements. No external network or system data is accessed or transmitted.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code's obfuscation is minimal; it uses some complex regexes and dynamic string manipulations typical of syntax highlighters. No malicious activity such as network requests, system modifications, or data theft is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard syntax highlighter (similar to Google Code Prettify). It processes code snippets, tokenizes input using regex patterns, and renders highlighted code into HTML elements. The functions handle parsing, DOM manipulation, and token management with no signs of malicious behavior. No network requests, data exfiltration, or system sabotage code are present. The code's complexity is due to regex-based tokenization and DOM operations, typical of code formatting libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a client-side syntax highlighter without any malicious intent or suspicious activity. There are no signs of malware, data leakage, or security risks. It appears to be a benign, well-known library for code formatting. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}