{
  "purpose": "The code implements the gamma function, a mathematical utility used for advanced calculations involving factorials and complex functions, likely for use in mathematical or statistical libraries.",
  "sources": "The code reads input values for the gamma function via the parameter 'x'. It also imports helper functions from '@toshiara/helper-functions' and '@toshiara/sinpi', which provide mathematical utilities.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write data or send data over networks. It performs internal calculations and returns results without side effects or external data sinks.",
  "flows": "Input 'x' flows through various conditional checks and mathematical transformations, including reflection formulas, Stirling approximation, and polynomial evaluations, before returning the gamma value.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors such as obfuscated code, hidden network calls, or suspicious dynamic code execution. The code primarily performs mathematical calculations using standard techniques. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or privacy violations are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly performs gamma function calculations using standard mathematical methods: recurrence reduction, reflection formula, Stirling's approximation, and polynomial approximations. The helper functions handle polynomial evaluation and the sine of pi multiples, both of which are typical in gamma function calculations. No external or hidden network activity, data leaks, or malicious behavior is detected. The import statements are for mathematical utilities, not for malicious purposes. The code structure is clear, and no obfuscation or suspicious patterns are present. The code seems to serve a legitimate mathematical purpose, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a mathematically focused implementation of the gamma function with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It appears to be a standard, legitimate library function for mathematical calculations.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}