{
  "purpose": "The script automates project setup by copying template files, displaying banners, and installing dependencies using npm or yarn.",
  "sources": "User provides the appName argument; code executes shell commands ('yarnpkg --version', 'npm', 'yarn', 'cd', 'cp'); reads from __dirname for source files.",
  "sinks": "Shell commands executed via spawn, execSync, and internal functions; printing to console; changing directories; copying files.",
  "flows": "Input (appName) -> file copy and directory change -> package manager detection -> package installation via shell commands.",
  "anomalies": "Uses 'shelljs/global' to enable global shell commands, which can execute arbitrary commands. The code dynamically determines package manager and executes system commands without input validation. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors detected. No obfuscated code or unusual language features.",
  "analysis": "The code performs project scaffolding by copying source files and installing dependencies. It detects whether to use npm or yarn by checking the presence of 'yarnpkg --version'. It executes system commands to copy files ('cp'), change directories ('cd'), and run package managers ('npm' or 'yarn') with user-controlled 'appName'. The commands are standard and used for project setup; there are no signs of malicious commands such as data exfiltration, remote control, or system damage. The use of 'shelljs/global' increases risk if the environment is compromised, but as-is, it executes typical setup commands. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are present. The code is not obfuscated and appears standard for a scaffolding script.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a typical project initialization utility with no evident malicious intent or malware. It performs file copying and dependency installation in a controlled manner, with no suspicious network activity or data exfiltration. The main risk stems from executing shell commands dynamically, but in this context, they are standard setup commands. Overall, it is a benign scaffolding script.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}