{
  "purpose": "This code defines a higher-order React component 'confirmable' that enhances a component with confirm, cancel, dismiss, and proceed functionalities, managing internal show state and invoking provided callback functions.",
  "sources": "The code reads the 'dispose', 'reject', 'resolve' functions from props, and React's useState hook for internal state management.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any explicit sinks that could lead to data leaks or execution of untrusted code. It only manipulates React component state and invokes callback functions.",
  "flows": "Inputs (dispose, reject, resolve) influence component behavior via callback invocations, with internal state 'show' controlling visibility. No untrusted data flow or external network calls are observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard React higher-order component pattern with no suspicious or malicious constructs. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The import of React and usage of hooks are typical. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports React, defines a 'confirmable' HOC that injects control functions and internal show state into a wrapped component. Functions 'dismiss', 'cancel', and 'proceed' update state and invoke provided callbacks (dispose, reject, resolve). These are standard callback handlers for dialog-like components. No external network calls, no data leaks, no code injection, or malicious behaviors are observed. The code is structured as expected for React components, with no anomalies or suspicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign React higher-order component intended to add confirmation dialog functionalities. It does not contain any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It appears to be a standard, safe implementation without obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}