{
  "purpose": "This code manages the creation and rendering of dynamic web component examples, including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and other source files, for an interactive demo or testing environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads input via function parameters such as 'scenarios', 'name', and 'content'. It also accesses properties of the 'exports.Example' object and reads data from variables like 'name', 'content', and arrays such as 'this.html', 'this.css', 'this.js', etc.",
  "sinks": "The code generates HTML content including script tags, style tags, and dynamic attributes using concatenated strings. It embeds source code directly into HTML with potential for injection if input is malicious, but it does not execute untrusted code directly or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "Input data (source contents) is stored in internal arrays and then embedded into HTML templates via string concatenation. The HTML rendering functions produce dynamic HTML based on source data, but do not evaluate or execute the source content as code. No external network connections are made, and no data is transmitted outside the code.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are apparent. The code mostly manages UI elements and source content organization. There is a potential concern that source content is directly embedded into HTML without sanitization, which could lead to XSS if malicious content is provided, but this is a common pattern in demo tools. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages source code sources and their HTML representation for a demo environment. It tracks used IDs to avoid duplicates, manages dependencies, and generates HTML snippets for editing and live embedding. The code does not perform any network operations, file access, or system modifications. It does not contain code injection points beyond string concatenation for HTML generation, which is typical for such tools. No malicious intent or malicious behavior is detected; its purpose appears to be demonstration and source code organization.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a benign utility for managing and rendering code examples in a web environment. There are no signs of malicious behavior or malware. The main concern is the embedding of arbitrary source code into HTML, which could pose XSS risks if inputs are not sanitized, but within the scope of this tool, it is standard practice. Overall, it is safe assuming controlled input or proper sanitization at a higher level.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}