{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for encoding various data types, including options, lists, tuples, results, and date formatting, likely intended for data serialization or API communication.",
  "sources": "Data inputs from function parameters such as options (optional, nullable), lists, tuples, dates, and encoding functions provided as arguments.",
  "sinks": "Potential data processing points where untrusted data could be encoded and sent over a network or stored, such as the output of encode functions, date formatting, and object construction.",
  "flows": "Input data is processed through encoding functions, transformed into JSON-compatible structures, and output as objects, arrays, or dictionaries for serialization.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be straightforward data encoding utilities. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are evident. No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or external network activity is present. Usage of Curry and Js_primitive functions is standard for the BuckleScript/ReasonML/OCaml-to-JavaScript compilation pipeline.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a set of helper functions for serializing data structures such as options, lists, tuples, results, and date objects. These functions rely on standard patterns and do not perform any network I/O, file operations, or system modifications. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. The use of Curry and Js_dict from BuckleScript indicates standard library functions for functional programming and JavaScript interop, not malicious intent. The data encoding seems to be for safe data transformation for external communication, with no hardcoded credentials, secret leaks, or unsafe code patterns detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a set of utility functions for data serialization, with no malicious or suspicious behavior observed. It does not contain obfuscated or malware-like code. The functions serve standard data encoding purposes without external network activity or security risks. Therefore, the code is considered safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}