{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions to generate and manipulate numeric sequences based on predefined or custom parameters, primarily for mathematical or data visualization purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters such as 'numbers', 'base', and 'value' for sequence generation, as well as imported modules ('lazy').",
  "sinks": "The code performs mathematical operations including logarithms, exponentiation, and rounding, which could potentially be misused if supplied with malicious input, but no direct data leaks or external data transmission are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through mathematical functions to sequence calculations and rounding functions. There are no external data sinks such as network or file I/O.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to implement standard mathematical computations with no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The 'lazy' import is undefined here but seems to be a dependency, not suspicious by itself. No obfuscation or obfuscated patterns are present. No code injection or external data manipulation is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines sequence generation functions with safe mathematical operations, including logarithms and power calculations. It provides utilities for snapping, flooring, ceiling, and rounding numbers within generated sequences. The logic is straightforward and does not include any external data handling, network calls, or hidden behaviors. No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious patterns are detected. The imported 'lazy' module's behavior is unknown, but it appears to be a utility for lazy evaluation and not malicious. Overall, the code is a mathematical utility library with standard features and no apparent security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical utility module for sequence generation and rounding. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It appears safe and standard, with no indicators of malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}