{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions to generate and manipulate numerical sequences, including predefined sequences such as powers of ten, powers of two, and a custom sequence generator with snapping and rounding capabilities.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from function parameters, such as 'value', 'numbers', and 'base'. There are no external data sources, environment variables, or network calls present.",
  "sinks": "The code performs mathematical operations and returns numerical results. There are no sinks that could lead to data leaks or harmful effects, such as network transmission, file access, or system modification.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., 'value', 'numbers', 'base') are processed through mathematical functions (logarithms, exponentials) and then used in snapping and rounding calculations. The flow is straightforward and confined within pure mathematical operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses standard mathematical functions without obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or unusual constructs. All functions are deterministic and standard. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code relies on external 'lazy' import, but this alone is not suspicious without further context.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a sequence generator that uses logarithmic calculations to find nearest sequence numbers based on rounding functions. Predefined sequences such as powers of ten, powers of two, and a custom sequence are provided. The functions perform mathematical computations without external side effects or data transmissions. The implementation appears clean, standard, and free from malicious logic. There is no evidence of data leakage, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The import of 'lazy' may suggest deferred execution or lazy evaluation, but without malicious intent as it is not used to execute arbitrary code or load external scripts.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a straightforward utility library for numerical sequences and snapping/rounding operations. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The code's structure and operations are standard and benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}