{
  "purpose": "The code defines an Angles utility library for angle normalization, conversion, comparison, and related calculations in various coordinate systems and directions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, including angles, points (x,y), sine/cosine values, and other numeric inputs. It does not read external data sources.",
  "sinks": "The code performs mathematical calculations and returns values. It does not write or transmit data externally, nor does it invoke network functions or filesystem operations.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow through various functions, undergoing normalization, conversion, and comparison operations within the library. There are no external data flows or interactions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. The code appears to be straightforward mathematical utility functions without obfuscated or malicious constructs. The license header is standard. No dynamic code execution, eval, or suspicious imports are found.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive set of angle-related functions with clear purposes, such as normalization, conversion, and comparison. The mod function correctly handles negative inputs. Functions like normalizeHalf, normalize, shortestDirection, and others perform expected calculations without hidden behaviors. The code uses well-known mathematical formulas and simple control structures. There is no evidence of data exfiltration, malicious network activity, or sabotage. The license and copyright are standard for open-source utility libraries. The overall structure and function implementations appear benign and intended for mathematical computations.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a benign utility library for angle calculations. No signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected. It is a standard, well-structured mathematical utility module without suspicious or harmful features.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}