{
  "purpose": "This code provides color transformation functions, including color blindness simulations, and converts RGB values through various color spaces and filters.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters for RGB colors in functions such as protanopia, deuteranopia, tritanopia, achromatopsia, and their anomaly counterparts; primarily from function arguments.",
  "sinks": "The code transforms input RGB values but does not send or store data externally. It returns modified color objects within the same runtime environment; no data leaks or network activities are present.",
  "flows": "Input RGB values are processed through color space conversions and filters within the transform method; there are no external data flows, network communication, or persistent storage interactions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors detected. No obfuscated code or unusual code constructs are present. The code strictly performs mathematical transformations for color processing.",
  "analysis": "The code implements color transformation matrices and conversion functions for simulating color vision deficiencies. It contains no external data interactions, no network operations, nor any code that writes or leaks data outside of return values. Error handling is properly implemented for matrix operations and input validation. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system damage routines. The code's purpose is solely to modify color values within the context of color correction and simulation. The dynamic filter functions generate matrices at runtime but do not perform any external malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, purpose-specific implementation of color space transformations with no malicious intent or suspicious activity. It appears to be a legitimate library for color vision simulation and correction. No malware or malicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}