{
  "purpose": "Rendering styled text decorations (underline, overline, line-through, wavy, dotted, double) in PDF documents.",
  "sources": "Reads decoration properties from inline objects, including decoration type, color, style, and background; accesses line metrics and inline styling attributes.",
  "sinks": "Uses pdfDocument API methods to draw shapes, lines, and patterns on the PDF canvas; external 'providePattern' function for pattern colors.",
  "flows": "Reads decoration properties from inline objects -> determines decoration style and color -> calculates positions and dimensions -> invokes pdfDocument drawing methods (rectangles, bezier curves, lines) based on style -> external 'providePattern' may influence pattern color.",
  "anomalies": "No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. External 'providePattern' dependency could be an external injection point but appears controlled. No obfuscation or unusual code constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of PDF text decoration rendering. It groups inline decorations, calculates positions based on font metrics, and draws various styles accordingly. External dependency 'providePattern' is used for pattern coloring but is a controlled API. No code injection, network activity, or malicious logic is present. The code structure is clear, with no obfuscation or suspicious patterns. The external pattern provider is a potential external dependency but not inherently malicious. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, low risk=0.1-0.2) are consistent with the code's behavior and context.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured PDF text decoration utility with no evidence of malicious activity, obfuscation, or security risks. External dependencies are standard and appear controlled. Overall, the code is safe for use in production environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}