{
  "purpose": "The code defines a mathematical utility library for performing basic arithmetic operations (addition, subtraction, multiplication, division) with enhanced precision handling for floating-point numbers.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function arguments passed to the arithmetic functions (t, e, n, u). It also reads from the internal variables within functions, such as 'n', 't', 'e', and the properties of objects.",
  "sinks": "The results of arithmetic operations are returned directly from functions; no sinks such as network, file, or environment variable access are present.",
  "flows": "Input arguments (t, e, n, u) flow into internal functions that process them for calculations, and results are returned. No external data flows or untrusted data handling are evident.",
  "anomalies": "Code is highly obfuscated; uses minified style with terse variable names and minimal comments. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are detected. The obfuscation appears to be due to minification, not malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a universal module definition (UMD) pattern for compatibility with different module systems. It defines a function 'u' that performs arithmetic operations based on the provided operator string ('add', 'subtract', etc.). It uses dynamic calculation of decimal precision for floating-point operations. The implementation handles edge cases such as division by zero or equal operands. No network access, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior is present. The code appears solely focused on precise arithmetic calculations with obfuscation likely due to minification.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a minified mathematical utility library with no evident malicious behavior or security risks. Its obfuscation is consistent with code minification, not malicious intent. No suspicious activities or malware are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}