{
  "purpose": "Manage and render root siblings dynamically via an event emitter to facilitate overlays or modals in React Native.",
  "sources": "Listens for 'siblings.update' events, reading 'id' and 'element' parameters from the emitter.",
  "sinks": "Updates internal 'siblings' map and triggers component re-rendering; potential for untrusted data to inject malicious components if emitter source is compromised.",
  "flows": "Event emitter emits 'siblings.update' with 'id' and 'element' -> '_update' method updates 'siblings' map -> 'forceUpdate' triggers re-render -> 'render' displays additional components.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code detected. The code relies on external event source, which could be exploited if untrusted.",
  "analysis": "The code overrides React Native's 'registerComponent' to inject a wrapper component that manages additional root elements via an event emitter. It maintains a 'siblings' map of components keyed by 'id', updating it upon receiving 'siblings.update' events. The implementation is straightforward, using standard React patterns and a known event emitter library. No malicious payloads, network activity, or backdoors are present. The main security consideration is that if the emitter's source is untrusted, malicious components could be injected, leading to UI spoofing or malicious overlays. The malware score is appropriately set to 0, as no malicious code exists. The risk score is moderate (~0.2-0.3), reflecting potential misuse in untrusted environments. The code is clear, non-obfuscated, and legitimate for dynamic UI management.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate pattern for managing dynamic UI overlays in React Native. It does not contain malware or obfuscation. The primary concern is potential misuse if the event emitter source is untrusted, which could allow injection of malicious components. Overall, the implementation is benign with a manageable security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}