{
  "purpose": "This code manages CSS transitions for DOM elements, providing methods to add transitions, prepare 'enter' and 'exit' animations, run sequences, and handle parallel transitions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'target', 'statesOrName', 'delay', and configuration objects like 'props'. It also reads DOM element attributes like 'style' and 'class'.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulations such as setting styles and classes, and reading computed styles. No data is sent over the network or written to system files.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (targets, states, delays) flow into transition setup functions, which then modify DOM element styles and classes during transition execution. No external data flows or network activity detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code or unusual code constructs. No indications of data leakage, reverse shells, or malicious network activity. The code performs DOM class and style manipulations consistent with CSS transitions.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a CSS transition management class with methods to configure and execute transitions, including parallel and sequential runs. It reads from DOM elements and applies style and class changes based on transition rules. No suspicious input sources or data sinks are present. The transition functions operate solely on DOM element styles, classes, and attributes, with no external communication or file system access. All code appears to be standard for handling CSS animations, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of CSS transition handling without any malicious behavior or security risks. It does not process untrusted data in a dangerous manner, nor does it perform any network or file system operations. The code appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}