{
  "purpose": "The code appears to control the animation of SVG frames in a web page, providing functions for play, pause, restart, and frame navigation, primarily for visual presentation purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads DOM elements such as 'tspan', 'frame-*', 'hg-frame', 'hg-next', 'hg-prev', 'hg-play', 'hg-pause', 'hg-restart', and 'hg-progress'. It also reads attributes like 'x' from SVG elements and class/style attributes for animation.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation via getElementById, setAttribute, removeAttribute, and style modifications. The code also sets up event handlers for buttons, which influence internal state and trigger updates.",
  "flows": "User interactions (clicks) set flags and call 'update', which modifies internal state and updates DOM elements such as frames, labels, and progress bar, primarily via class changes and style updates. The update cycle relies on a setInterval loop that manages animation state.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, hidden backdoors, or malicious code is evident. The code uses setTimeout to manage class changes, which is standard for animations. There are no obfuscated, suspicious, or dynamic code injections. The code solely manipulates DOM elements for animation purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward SVG frame animation controller with functions for initializing frames, handling user controls, updating frames, and managing animations. The setInterval loop handles regular updates, and DOM elements are accessed and modified safely for visual effects. No external network connections, data leaks, or hidden malicious behaviors are present. The only potential concern is the reliance on DOM element IDs and attributes, which could cause issues if manipulated externally, but this does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a standard SVG animation controller without any signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It only manipulates DOM elements for animation purposes and responds to user interactions. There are no indications of malware or security risks in this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}