{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript class 'Hirngespinst' that manages SVG-based frame animation, including controls for play, pause, restart, and manual navigation, with progress bar updates and frame label management.",
  "sources": "The code reads DOM elements by ID and tag name, and extracts text content and attributes such as 'x'. It also sets intervals and timeouts for updating frames.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulations such as setting attributes, classes, and style properties (opacity). No direct data leaks or network transmissions are present. No external or untrusted data sinks are used.",
  "flows": "User interactions (button clicks) trigger state changes and frame updates. The update method periodically advances or reverses frames based on timer or manual input, modifying DOM elements accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code were identified. The code uses standard DOM manipulation, interval timers, and timeouts. No obfuscated code, external network activity, or suspicious logic found.",
  "analysis": "The script manages an SVG animation with frame controls, relying on DOM element IDs and classes. It updates frame visibility, labels, and a progress bar based on timer and user inputs. The logic appears straightforward and standard for such animations, with no indication of malicious intent. It does not send data over network, access environment variables, or perform any security-sensitive operations. The setInterval, setTimeout, and DOM manipulations are typical for UI animation handling. All code functions are related to frame animation, control buttons, and visual updates, with no hidden or malicious code detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of an SVG frame animation controller with user controls, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It solely manipulates DOM elements and manages animation state without external data or network activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}