{
  "purpose": "The code exports a comprehensive object listing CSS property names as true values, including some vendor-prefixed variants and utility functions, likely for validation or whitelisting purposes.",
  "sources": "The source of data is the module './validCSSAttributeExtra' imported at the beginning, and the object itself defined inline with property assignments.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write or transmit untrusted data; it primarily defines a static configuration object. The functions getPropertyValue, getPropertyPriority, setProperty, removeProperty could potentially be sinks if invoked with untrusted input, but their inclusion here appears standard.",
  "flows": "There are no dynamic data flows from sources to sinks; the object is static. The only function references are from an imported module and are not invoked within this code.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious behavior are present. The inclusion of many CSS properties and vendor prefixes appears intentional for CSS validation purposes. The source map comment at the end is typical for transpiled/minified code but does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward module exporting an object with CSS property names set to true, possibly for validation or filtering. It imports additional attributes from another module. The code includes a source map comment, indicating transpilation from source code. There are no dynamic executions, obfuscated patterns, or suspicious behaviors. No network activity, data leaks, or malicious code snippets are present. The functions from the imported module are only referenced but not invoked here, so they do not pose a risk. Overall, this appears to be a benign configuration or utility module.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign, static configuration module defining allowed CSS attributes, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not process or transmit untrusted data, nor does it contain any malware or backdoors.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}