{
  "purpose": "This module exports a large object mapping CSS property names to boolean true values, including some vendor-prefixed properties and an extension import. Its primary purpose appears to be to define valid CSS attributes for validation or filtering purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads static property definitions and imports a list of extra attributes from an external module './validCSSAttributeExtra'.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks involving untrusted input or data flow that could lead to data leaks or malicious actions. The code simply constructs and exports a static object.",
  "flows": "No data flows from external or untrusted sources to sinks. The import provides additional static data; there are no dynamic data flows or execution paths involving user input.",
  "anomalies": "The code is a large, static object definition with no dynamic or executable code. It contains many vendor-specific CSS properties and a spread of external attributes. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code segments are present. The source map comment at the end is standard and does not pose security issues.",
  "analysis": "The module appears to be a straightforward static data definition, likely used for CSS validation or filtering. It imports an external list of attributes and extends the object with additional attributes. The pattern is common in configuration or validation schemas. No dynamic execution, data handling, or external calls are present. The extensive list of properties and inclusion of vendor prefixes is normal for comprehensive CSS validation modules. There are no signs of obfuscated code, malicious code, or malware indicators. The code is non-executable and serves a static purpose.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a static configuration object for CSS attribute validation, with no malicious behavior or security risks detected. It is a benign, non-executable data module. The presence of an external import does not introduce security concerns given the context. Overall, it is safe and does not pose a security threat.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}