{
  "purpose": "This code configures a Webpack build process for a JavaScript/TypeScript library, handling environment setup, module resolution, plugin configuration, and output options for development and production builds.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (NODE_ENV, BUNDLE_ANALYSIS), package.json (pkg.name, pkg.version), and webpack CLI arguments (argv.mode). It also reads the filesystem (fs, path) and environment variables for build configuration.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks for untrusted data are present. The environment variables are used for build configuration, and output files are generated locally without network transmission or user data handling.",
  "flows": "The configuration flow involves reading environment variables and package data, merging configurations based on build mode, setting up plugins and module rules, and producing bundled JavaScript files. No runtime data flows or untrusted data to sinks are evident.",
  "anomalies": "There are commented-out alias and fallback configurations, but these are not active. The code disables certain eslint rules and includes verbose comments. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The use of environment variables for build flags is standard. No obfuscation, malicious logic, or hidden backdoors are visible.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard Webpack configuration for building a library with support for environment variables, plugins for version control info, environment variables, polyfills, and optional bundle analysis. It differentiates between production and development modes, with minification enabled only in production. All code appears legitimate and intended solely for build setup. No suspicious code, network activity, or malicious behavior is present. The commented sections do not alter functionality and appear to be placeholders or optional configurations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical build configuration script with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It manages build parameters and outputs JavaScript bundles for a library project. There are no malicious behaviors, backdoors, or malicious data flows identified. Overall, it appears safe and standard for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}