{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to extend or patch shader materials in Three.js by modifying shader source code and properties dynamically.",
  "sources": "Reads shader source code from THREE.ShaderChunk and THREE.ShaderLib, and input options for custom shader modifications.",
  "sinks": "Uses replace() to modify shader code strings, assigns properties and uniforms to shader materials, potentially leading to injection if malicious input is provided.",
  "flows": "Shader code snippets and custom properties flow from input options into the shader source code and material configuration, potentially allowing injection or modification of shader code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or suspicious backdoors. Use of replace() with unvalidated input could lead to code injection if inputs are malicious, but no direct malicious behavior detected. No obfuscated code present. Logging of missing shader chunks is benign.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manipulates shader source code and material properties in Three.js. It applies patches to shader source code strings based on user-supplied maps, which could be exploited if malicious input is injected into these maps. The code does not contain network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious system commands. It relies on user input for shader modifications, which, if untrusted, could result in rendering issues or code injection into shader scripts. However, there is no evidence of malicious intent or malware such as reverse shells, data theft, or system compromise. The code is well-structured and standard for shader manipulation, with no obfuscated or suspicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate shader extension utility for Three.js, with no clear signs of malicious behavior or malware. Its main risk lies in accepting untrusted input for shader modifications, which could potentially lead to code injection if misused, but this is a common pattern in shader customization workflows. Overall, the code appears safe and does not pose an immediate security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}