{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to extend and modify Three.js shader materials by applying patches to shader code and creating custom shader materials with specified properties and uniforms.",
  "sources": "Input data includes 'opts' object parameters such as 'original', 'header', 'vertex', 'fragment', 'properties', 'uniforms', which influence shader code and material creation.",
  "sinks": "Shader code strings ('vertexShader', 'fragmentShader') and 'uniforms' objects are the main output sinks; these could be manipulated or injected with malicious code if 'opts' is untrusted.",
  "flows": "Input 'opts' influences 'applyPatches' to modify shader code, which then feeds into the creation of 'THREE.ShaderMaterial'. The 'uniforms' from 'opts' are merged into the shader's 'uniforms'.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The code uses standard Three.js API calls and straightforward string replacements. No obfuscation or malicious external network calls detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a utility function 'applyPatches' to replace parts of shader code based on a provided map, supporting specific prefix-based replacements. 'extendMaterial' creates a new shader material by extending existing shaders from THREE.ShaderLib based on a derived material name. It merges custom headers, patches shader code, and appends user-defined uniforms. The logic is consistent with standard shader extension practices and does not include malicious behaviors or suspicious anomalies. There are no hardcoded secrets or external data leaks. The code relies on external input ('opts') but does not process untrusted data in a way that could lead to security issues.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate utility for extending shader materials in Three.js projects. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It operates solely within the scope of shader code manipulation and material creation, with no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}