{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a JavaScript module that provides drag-and-resize functionality for React components, likely for UI interactions such as draggable or resizable elements.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from 'props' such as 'attachedTo', 'enableDrag', 'scale', 'minWidth', 'minHeight', and also sets up event listeners on DOM elements. It also reads environment or configuration from 'props' and internal state variables.",
  "sinks": "Event listeners attached to DOM elements ('mousemove', 'mouseup', 'mousedown') which could potentially process untrusted input. No evidence of data leaking or system commands executed.",
  "flows": "Event listeners capture user input (mouse events), modify component state or dimensions, and potentially invoke callback props like 'onChange' or 'onMove'. No network requests or data exfiltration observed.",
  "anomalies": "The presence of a string 'SECRET_DO_NOT_PASS_THIS_OR_YOU_WILL_BE_FIRED' in the code is suspicious; however, it appears to be a placeholder or a benign constant. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code evident. The minified code includes a UUID generator function, but it is standard and not inherently malicious. The code structure is consistent with UI component logic; no obfuscated or suspicious language features detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React-based UI component that manages drag and resize operations, with event listeners for mouse events and functions to adjust element dimensions and positions. It references props for configuration and includes a UUID generator, which is common in React components for unique IDs. The string 'SECRET_DO_NOT_PASS_THIS_OR_YOU_WILL_BE_FIRED' is a well-known placeholder indicating a non-secret value, not a malicious backdoor. No network activity, data leaks, or system modifications are observed. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscated segments or malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a React component implementing drag-and-resize functionality, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. The presence of the placeholder secret is benign. The code is standard for UI interaction logic and does not pose supply chain or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}