{
  "purpose": "The code is a test suite for the virgilCrypto library in React Native, validating cryptographic functions such as hashing, key generation, encryption, decryption, signature creation and verification, and group session management.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include method arguments such as buffers, strings, objects with value and encoding, and file paths; these are read at various points during method invocations and path normalization.",
  "sinks": "NativeModules RNVirgilCrypto functions that perform cryptographic operations, file operations, and data serialization; these act on input data and produce results, but do not directly send data over the network or perform system modifications.",
  "flows": "Input data from test arguments (buffers, strings, objects) flows into native cryptographic functions; results are captured as buffers or base64 strings; path normalization ensures consistent input for file operations; key material is passed to native key generation/import functions; group session data flows through hashing and encoding functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. Usage of mock native modules for testing is standard. No unusual dynamic code execution, misleading variable names, or obfuscated code detected. No data exfiltration, system manipulation, or network connections are present.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically tests cryptographic functions, validating input types and output formats, ensuring proper handling of buffers, strings, and objects with encoding info. All native module calls are mock implementations for testing purposes. Paths are normalized to avoid filesystem issues. The logic aligns with standard cryptographic workflows without any signs of malicious intent or sabotage. No network activity, data leaks, or backdoors are introduced. The focus remains on verifying cryptographic correctness, with no suspicious anomalies or malicious behavior observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive test suite for cryptographic operations in a React Native environment, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It appears safe and purposefully designed for validation. No malware or malicious activity is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}