{
  "purpose": "This code is a comprehensive test suite for the virgilCrypto library in React Native, verifying cryptographic functions such as hashing, key generation, encryption/decryption, signing, and group session management. It employs mocks to simulate native module behavior and tests various data input formats to ensure correctness.",
  "sources": "Test inputs include Buffer objects, utf8 strings, objects with value and encoding, and file paths. Data is read from function parameters and test data structures.",
  "sinks": "Data flows into native cryptographic functions via mocked native modules, with path normalization and key handling. No external network or system manipulation occurs.",
  "flows": "Sources (test data, parameters) pass through data normalization and validation, then into native module functions which process cryptographic operations, returning results for verification.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscation detected. The code structure is clear, and data handling follows standard cryptographic testing practices.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured test suite employing mocks for native cryptographic functions. Data inputs are sanitized and normalized before use. No malicious patterns, network activity, or sabotage mechanisms are present. The malware score is correctly set to 0, indicating no malicious intent. Obfuscation is absent, as the code is readable and unminified. The security risk is minimal, consistent with a testing environment, and no vulnerabilities are evident. The tests cover various data formats and ensure proper error handling, further supporting the code's legitimacy.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, safe test suite for cryptographic operations with no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or obfuscation. It employs standard testing practices, and the data flows are controlled and well-validated. The assigned malware score of 0 and obfuscated score of 0 are appropriate. The overall security risk is very low, primarily due to its testing nature, with no active vulnerabilities or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}