{
  "purpose": "This script enhances Prism.js syntax highlighting by dynamically loading JSONP data through registered adapters, enabling syntax highlighting of remote JSON content within HTML pre elements.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the JSONP responses via dynamically inserted script tags, and from HTML element attributes such as 'data-jsonp', 'data-adapter', and 'data-filename'.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data from JSONP responses is injected into the page's DOM by setting textContent of <code> elements, and potentially via callback functions that process the JSONP response. It also executes dynamically created scripts to fetch remote data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from remote JSONP endpoints (via inserted script src URLs) into callback functions, which then process responses through adapters, ultimately populating the <code> element's textContent for syntax highlighting.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs dynamic function invocation based on attribute 'data-adapter' with minimal validation, which could allow execution of malicious code if the attribute is manipulated. However, the adapter functions are invoked in a controlled manner. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious backdoors are present. No obfuscated code or unconventional language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script registers multiple adapter functions to process JSONP responses from various sources like GitHub, Gist, and Bitbucket. It creates <script> elements with URLs derived from 'data-jsonp' attributes and defines a callback mechanism via window[cb]. When the script loads, it calls the callback with the response. The callback then uses either a specified adapter function or iterates over registered adapters to process the response data, which is then inserted into the DOM for syntax highlighting. No malicious network connections, data exfiltration, or system modifications are evident. The dynamic loading mechanism could be exploited if an attacker controls the 'data-jsonp' URL or the 'data-adapter' attribute to execute malicious code, but within this code, the handling is safe and controlled.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily facilitates dynamic JSONP data loading for syntax highlighting. It uses standard techniques and registered adapters without any evident malicious intent. Its main risk lies in potential misconfiguration via HTML attributes, but the code itself does not contain malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}