{
  "purpose": "This code dynamically loads JSONP data from external sources and highlights JSON content within <pre> tags on the webpage, supporting multiple adapters for different data sources.",
  "sources": "Data is fetched via dynamically created <script> elements with 'src' attributes set to external URLs specified in 'data-jsonp' attributes of <pre> elements. It also reads 'data-adapter' and 'data-callback' attributes from these elements.",
  "sinks": "The code sets the text content of <code> elements with the fetched or decoded data, which is then highlighted by Prism. The main sink is 'code.textContent' after data retrieval, which could potentially include untrusted content.",
  "flows": "External URLs specified in 'data-jsonp' attributes are requested via <script> tags. The response calls a global callback function ('window[cb]'), which processes the response data through an adapter (if specified) or other registered adapters, then updates the <code> element's text content for highlighting.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code dynamically creates script tags for JSONP requests and uses global callback functions, which is standard for JSONP but can be risky if untrusted sources are used. No obfuscated code or uncommon language features are detected. Timeout handling is normal. No suspicious network connections or data leaks are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script loads JSON data from external sources via JSONP, a technique that inherently has security considerations but is not malicious per se. It registers multiple adapters for different data sources (github, gist, bitbucket), which process the response data—some decode base64 or extract file contents. The script ensures proper cleanup of script tags and callback functions after execution. The data fetched is displayed as text within <code> blocks for syntax highlighting, with no evident malicious behavior like data exfiltration or system modification. There are no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious network behavior. The use of JSONP callbacks is typical for cross-domain data fetching but should be used with trusted sources to prevent malicious responses.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard JSONP loader and highlighter plugin with multiple adapters for different sources. There are no signs of malicious intent or malware. Its primary risk lies in potential misuse with untrusted data sources, but that is a typical concern with JSONP usage rather than malicious code within this script.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}