{
  "purpose": "To parse and evaluate arithmetic expressions with variable substitution, supporting basic operators, parentheses, and functions.",
  "sources": "Input expression string (`formulaText`) and `values` object for variable substitution.",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly write to external systems, but the evaluated expression could potentially be used maliciously if user-controlled input is evaluated. No external network, file, or sensitive data access is present.",
  "flows": "Variables are replaced in the input string, then tokenized and converted into a postfix queue via the shunting-yard algorithm, then processed to compute the result. The data flow is contained within the expression evaluation process.",
  "anomalies": "Use of `replaceUnaryMinus` with recursive regex replacement to handle unary minus. The code performs variable substitution, which could be exploited if malicious expressions are passed; however, no external data is fetched or sent. The code relies on `eval`-like behavior via custom parsing, but no actual `eval` call exists. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors are apparent. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present.",
  "analysis": "The code parses arithmetic expressions with variable substitution, supporting basic operators and functions like max. It carefully handles unary minus with regex replacement and uses the shunting-yard algorithm to convert infix to postfix notation for evaluation. Variable substitution is straightforward, replacing variable names with provided values. No external calls or network activity are present. The functions and operators are standard, and error handling is adequate for syntax issues like unmatched parentheses or incorrect function calls. The security posture is relatively safe, with no evident malicious behavior or backdoors. The only potential concern is that malicious input could cause errors or unexpected results if improperly sanitized, but this is typical of expression evaluators. No malware or malicious intent is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard arithmetic expression evaluator with variable substitution, employing common parsing techniques and handling unary minus correctly. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. Its security risk is low, mainly dependent on the trustworthiness of input data. No obfuscated or suspicious code features are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}