{
  "purpose": "To parse and evaluate arithmetic expressions with variable substitution, supporting basic operators, parentheses, unary minus, and some functions.",
  "sources": "Input string 'formulaText' for the arithmetic expression, 'values' object for variable substitutions.",
  "sinks": "Potential evaluation of expressions involving untrusted input, but no data leaks or external communications are observed.",
  "flows": "Input 'formulaText' is processed for variable substitution, then tokenized, converted to postfix via the shunting-yard algorithm, and finally evaluated; data flows from input to output through these steps.",
  "anomalies": "The code replaces variables without sanitization, but the replacement is straightforward; no hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No suspicious network or file operations are detected. The recursive unary minus replacement appears benign but is somewhat unusual. The function 'processQueue' handles custom operators and functions but only in a controlled manner. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or external calls are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard expression parser with variable substitution, using the shunting-yard algorithm and stack-based evaluation. It handles common arithmetic operations, parentheses, unary minus, and a 'max' function. Variable replacement is done via regex without sanitization, but no external or dangerous data flows are involved. No network or system-level operations are present. The use of regex for variable substitution is straightforward and does not pose code injection risks, assuming inputs are controlled. The error handling is typical for parsing issues. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate expression evaluator with no evidence of malicious intent or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard arithmetic expression evaluator with variable substitution, employing safe parsing techniques. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident. It functions as intended for evaluating expressions with provided variables. No signs of malware, backdoors, or external data exfiltration are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}