{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to parse, interpret, and evaluate arithmetic expressions provided as strings, substituting variables with supplied values, and supporting basic mathematical operations and functions.",
  "sources": "Input data includes the 'formulaText' string and the 'values' object provided to runArithmetic; variables are sourced from the 'values' object used for substitution within the expression.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the 'return' statement which outputs the computed result; no data is sent over network or written to files. Potential issues could involve exception handling that might reveal information, but no explicit data leaks are detected.",
  "flows": "Input string is processed through variable substitution, whitespace removal, unary minus replacement, tokenization, shunting yard parsing into postfix notation, and finally evaluation via stack operations, leading to the output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code employs standard parsing algorithms and function mappings. No unusual or suspicious code patterns are evident. Error messages are generic and do not leak sensitive info. The use of regular expressions for unary minus replacement is standard. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical arithmetic expression parsing and evaluation, handling variables, functions, parentheses, and operators. It replaces variables with provided values, uses a regex to identify unary minus, and employs the shunting-yard algorithm for parsing. The evaluation supports basic math and a 'max' function. No network, file, or system manipulation code is present. All operations are self-contained, and the logic is clear and standard for such calculators. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The code seems to be a straightforward arithmetic parser with safe practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign, standard arithmetic expression evaluator with no malicious behavior detected. It properly handles input, variable substitution, parsing, and evaluation without suspicious side effects. No malware or security risks are evident from the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}