{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom web component for a media player with various configurable attributes and signals, including handling subtitles and sources. It initializes signals, validates attribute types, and manages dynamic attribute changes with mutation observers.",
  "sources": "Attributes read from HTML element attributes (e.g., 'autoplay', 'controls-timeout', 'height', etc.), signals used for reactive data management, and mutation observer watching for attribute changes.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous if untrusted data is dispatched to signals without validation; especially 'sources', 'subtitles', and other attribute-based inputs that can influence media sources or subtitles.",
  "flows": "Attribute change triggers parse and validation functions, which dispatch new values to signals, then these signals are used to initialize or update the media player. The mutation observer also triggers attribute handlers for subtitles and sources.",
  "anomalies": "Code heavily relies on external signals and attribute manipulation; no explicit hardcoded secrets or credentials. No suspicious network activity or system modifications detected. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hidden backdoors present. The code is well-structured, typical for a web component.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a structured setup for a web media player component, with attribute parsing, validation, and dynamic updates via signals. The signals pattern suggests a reactive design, not inherently malicious. The use of mutation observers for subtitle and source attributes allows flexible runtime updates. No external network calls, file access, or system modifications are present. All data flows are within the component's scope, and validation functions prevent type-related issues. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured web component implementation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a custom media player web component with no malicious behavior detected. It does not include any suspicious network activity, backdoors, or malicious data handling. The signals pattern and attribute management are typical for such components. No security risks or malware signs are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}