{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom web component for a media player, managing attributes and signals for playback control and subtitles.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include element attributes (e.g., autoplay, controls-timeout, subtitle, source attributes), signals derived from these attributes, and external signals passed into the NCPlayer function.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the signals.dispatch() calls that update internal state, attribute setting/removing, and the creation of the player instance which interacts with the DOM and possibly other modules.",
  "flows": "Data flows from attribute changes and signal updates (sources, subtitles, properties) into the internal player logic; signals modify internal state; attribute mutations trigger handlers that update signals; the player instance is initialized with these signals.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network calls are observed. The code uses dynamic import and signals but no suspicious code injections, system calls, or network requests are present. The minified or obfuscated code is limited to standard utility functions and signal handling, not malicious obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages attributes and signals for a custom web component, creating an interface for a media player. It uses a signaling system for state management, handles attribute mutations, and observes attribute changes via MutationObserver. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network communication with suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or code injection. The code is well-structured, with standard practices for web components, and no evidence of malware. The signals and internal logic do not include any malicious or suspicious patterns. The only area of concern would be the external modules imported, but they appear to be standard or utility modules, not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured custom media player web component with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It manages internal state via signals and responds to attribute changes appropriately. No malicious signals, network requests, or backdoors are detected. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}