{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of modules and functions for building and scheduling sound models using the Web Audio API, including components such as GraphNode, Param, Scheduler, and SoundModel, with the aim of facilitating sound synthesis and processing in a browser environment.",
  "sources": "Imports modules from local './steller/' directory, reads global variables, and initializes various sound processing objects.",
  "sinks": "Uses the Web Audio API's AudioContext for audio processing, schedules events via Scheduler, and interacts with UI and timing functions. No data from external untrusted sources appears to be directly read or written.",
  "flows": "Imports modules -> initializes sound model components -> exposes functions for scheduling and audio context -> user code would instantiate and schedule sound events.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, no suspicious network calls, no obfuscated or dynamically executed code. No signs of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The code primarily sets up a framework for sound processing.",
  "analysis": "The code is well-structured, establishing a modular API for sound model creation, scheduling, and audio processing. It imports and exposes various components necessary for sound synthesis, including GraphNode, Param, and Scheduler. There are no indications of malicious activities such as network transmission of system data, data theft, or reverse shells. The only potential concern is reliance on local modules and the assumption that the imported modules themselves are safe, but based on this code alone, there are no malicious patterns. No obfuscation or unusual language features are present. The code's purpose is clearly to facilitate sound modeling, with no suspicious behaviors detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate framework for sound synthesis using the Web Audio API. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. It simply defines and exposes components necessary for building sound models. No signs of malware or malicious activity are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}