{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for generating and manipulating heatmaps on images, including functions for occluding image regions, calculating mean colors, and building heatmaps based on scoring functions. It appears to support visual data analysis or visualization tasks.",
  "sources": "Data is read from imageData objects via pixel color calculations and occlusion functions. Input parameters include image canvas data and configuration objects for heatmap generation.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks are evident; data processed is visual (image pixel data) and no network or external system interactions are present. No untrusted data flows outside the context of image data manipulation.",
  "flows": "Image data is read from canvas contexts (sources), processed (e.g., occlusion, color calculation), then visual output is written back to canvas via putImageData and drawImage, with no network or file system interactions.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes extensive minified, obfuscated-looking code and complex utility functions, but these are typical for performance optimization or library code. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are detected. No suspicious network calls or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The presence of obfuscation and dynamic image processing appears benign and related to visualization tasks.",
  "analysis": "The code is predominantly a visualization library focused on heatmap creation over images. It uses well-structured functions for image manipulation, including occluding regions and calculating mean colors, with no indications of malicious intent. The obfuscated and minified code segments are standard for compiled or bundled JavaScript modules. No external network activity, system modification, or data exfiltration code is observed. The code’s purpose aligns with image processing and visualization, with no signals of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a visualization utility for heatmap generation over images, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. Its obfuscated parts are typical for performance or bundling and do not indicate sabotage or malware. The code appears safe and intended for data visualization purposes only.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}