{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for generating heatmaps, manipulating image data, and performing region-based analysis on images, likely for visual processing or computer vision tasks in a browser environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads image data from HTMLCanvasElement contexts via getImageData calls, and takes input parameters such as image_canvas, heatmap_canvas, and calc_score function. It also reads image pixel data and configuration parameters for heatmap schemes.",
  "sinks": "The code writes processed image data back to canvases using putImageData, and updates the DOM by creating and drawing to canvases. No network or external data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Image data is obtained from canvases (sources), processed through functions like occlude_rect and calc_mean_color, then visualized by drawing modified data onto canvas elements (sinks). The calc_score callback passes untrusted data into the flow, but is user-supplied and not inherently malicious.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are detected. The code is predominantly image processing and visualization logic. The use of dynamically created canvases and image data manipulation appears standard. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs image data processing for heatmap visualization and occlusion-based region analysis. It reads pixel data from image canvases, calculates mean colors for regions, and applies occlusion effects to simulate region masking. The functions for calculating occlusion weights and restoring pixel data are standard image processing techniques. The build_heatmap function asynchronously processes image regions, computes scores via a user-supplied callback, and visualizes heatmaps accordingly. All data flows involve only in-browser image data manipulation and visualization. No external data transmission or malicious behaviors are identified. The code structure and variable naming are consistent with normal image processing tasks. The only potential concern might be the use of a callback (calc_score) that could be externally supplied, but this alone does not imply malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard image processing utility for generating heatmaps and occlusion analysis within a browser context. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The functions perform expected operations with no suspicious activities or external data leaks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}