{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for generating heatmaps and manipulating image data, including occluding regions, calculating mean colors, and building heatmaps based on scoring functions. It is intended for visual analysis or visualization tasks involving image processing.",
  "sources": "Data is read from imageData objects via functions like calc_mean_color, pick_occlusion_color, and get_occlusion_weights. Input parameters are passed to build_heatmap and related functions, such as image_canvas, heatmap_canvas, and scoring functions like calc_score.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to imageData objects through putImageData and drawImage calls, and manipulates pixel data directly. It also creates DOM elements (canvas) and uses their contexts for rendering, but no network or file system operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from imageData and input parameters into functions that process pixel data (calc_mean_color, occlude_rect). Results influence drawing operations (putImageData, drawImage). The scoring function result is used to determine heatmap colors, which are then rendered onto canvases.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard image processing utility with no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. The obfuscation detection code is not present, and the code's structure is typical for image analysis scripts. No network connections, data exfiltration, or malicious commands are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes heatmap color schemes and provides functions for converting coordinates, calculating average colors, and occluding regions in images. It includes functions for occluding and restoring image regions based on calculated weights, and for building heatmaps via iterative region processing. The functions are self-contained, with no external data transmission or hidden behaviors. The use of dynamic DOM element creation (canvases) and pixel manipulation is standard for client-side image processing. No suspicious code patterns, obfuscated code, or malicious activities are present. The purpose aligns with visual analysis, and no signs of malware or security risks are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical image processing and heatmap generation utility with no malicious behavior. It reads and writes pixel data, performs occlusion and color calculations, and dynamically renders images onto canvases. There are no indicators of malware, backdoors, or security risks. The code appears safe and consistent with its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}