{
  "purpose": "The code defines a utility class for calculating sample size based on population, confidence level, and error margin, typically used for statistical or survey sampling purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'params' parameter in the 'calculate' method, specifically 'population', 'confidence', and 'errorMargin'. It also reads confidence score mappings from the imported 'Confidence' module.",
  "sinks": "The code performs internal calculations and returns a numeric value 'sampleSize'. There are no data leaks, network operations, or data sinks that send data outside the scope.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'params' and 'Confidence' mappings are used in calculations involving mathematical operations to produce the 'sampleSize'. No external or untrusted data flows to critical sinks or network outputs.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behavior, obfuscated code, or hard-coded secrets are present. The code follows standard JavaScript/TypeScript practices for statistical calculation. The use of 'Math.pow' and 'Math.ceil' is standard. The structure is straightforward and typical for such utility classes.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a sample size calculator, utilizing confidence scores mapped to z-scores. It performs mathematical computations based on input parameters to derive a sample size. It imports a confidence enum and defines static methods and properties clearly. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The code does not involve network access, file operations, or data exfiltration. It is well-structured and typical for its purpose.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, benign implementation of a statistical sample size calculator. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. It presents no security risks or anomalies. It is safe for use within applications that require sample size calculations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}