{
  "purpose": "This code defines GraphQL schema extensions, resolvers, and tests for a product and inventory service, including mocks and mutation handling.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'args' object in addInventoryForProduct mutation, mock functions for Product, and external data via __resolveReference.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or effect could occur if untrusted input in args is used insecurely, but in this code, args are only stored or returned directly. The mock functions generate data without external influence.",
  "flows": "Input from mutation arguments flows into inventory array and resolver returns; mock functions generate data that flows into test assertions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behavior. The code uses standard GraphQL schema extension and resolver patterns. No malicious privacy violations or system actions are present. The only minor concern is the use of mock functions which, if improperly configured, could produce misleading data, but this is typical in test setups.",
  "analysis": "The code implements schema extensions and resolvers for product and inventory data with mock functions for testing. No data injection points lead to system compromise; input data is only stored or returned. No external network calls, reverse shells, or system modifications are present. The mock functions generate static or predictable data without external influence. The mutation handling is straightforward and only modifies in-memory data structures. Overall, the code appears to serve testing and schema extension purposes without malicious intent or security vulnerabilities.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code does not contain malicious behavior or malware. It is a test and schema definition setup for GraphQL services with no indicators of malicious activity. Security risks are minimal, confined to standard testing practices. No suspicious or harmful code features are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}