{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for sanitizing HTML, unescaping entities, editing regex patterns, sanitizing and resolving URLs, merging objects, splitting table cells, trimming strings, finding closing brackets, checking deprecated options, and repeating strings.",
  "sources": "HTML strings for escape/unescape, URL strings for sanitization and resolution, regex objects for editing, input objects for merging, table row strings for splitting, string inputs for trimming, URL base and href for resolution, options object for deprecation check, pattern and count for repeating strings.",
  "sinks": "None of the functions directly send data over network, write to files, or execute dynamic code. URL sanitization prevents dangerous schemes; escape functions process HTML entities safely.",
  "flows": "Input strings (HTML, URLs) pass through escape/unescape, URL validation, and resolution functions; regex patterns are edited via the regex edit function; objects are merged; strings are split or trimmed; URL components are resolved; deprecated options are warned.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns. The code is straightforward, with standard regex and URL handling. The only minor note is the deprecation warning, which is informational.",
  "analysis": "The code provides standard sanitization and utility functions with proper validation against dangerous URL schemes and HTML entity handling. No obfuscation, malicious code, or network activity is present. The regex patterns are typical, and the URL validation is cautious. The functions are designed for safe processing of user input or content parsing. No logical errors or security flaws are evident. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.1-0.2) are consistent with the code's purpose and implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, standard set of utility functions for sanitization, URL handling, and string manipulation. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The low risk scores are appropriate and justified by the code's design and safeguards.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}