{
  "purpose": "The code defines a class SWN that customizes alert, confirm, and prompt dialogs with styled overlays and templates for use in web pages.",
  "sources": "Reads data from options parameter during initialization; reads from DOM (querySelector) for templates; reads window.alert, window.confirm, window.prompt during install; reads message parameters in show methods.",
  "sinks": "Uses DOM manipulation to create overlays and dialogs; assigns to window.alert, window.confirm, window.prompt; modifies document.body styles.",
  "flows": "Options parameter influences styling; createNoticeElement uses message data to populate dialog; install overrides global alert/confirm/prompt with custom functions; showNotice resolves user input or actions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. The code replaces native dialog functions with custom implementations, which is common but not malicious. No suspicious network activity, cryptomining, or data exfiltration present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on creating styled modal dialogs replacing native alert/confirm/prompt. It manipulates DOM elements, applies styles, and manages user interactions. No external data is transmitted, no system information is accessed or sent over the network. It uses template cloning if available, otherwise constructs dialogs dynamically. The functions clean up DOM elements after use and restore original window functions upon uninstall. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as hidden backdoors, code injection, or data theft. The approach is a standard custom UI implementation with no apparent malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of custom modal dialogs for user interaction. There are no malicious behaviors, supply chain attacks, or security risks identified. It operates within standard DOM and JavaScript capabilities without malicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}