{
  "purpose": "Review open-source JavaScript particle emitter code for malicious behavior, sabotage, obfuscation, and security risks, focusing on code flow, external dependencies, and potential vulnerabilities.",
  "sources": "The 'parsePath' function that uses 'new Function' with a whitelist, texture loading functions, and behavior initialization code.",
  "sinks": "Dynamic function creation via 'new Function' which could execute arbitrary code if input is untrusted; texture assignment; behavior initialization.",
  "flows": "Configuration strings (e.g., 'path' in PathBehavior) flow into 'parsePath' and are converted into functions; textures are loaded from strings or objects; behaviors modify particle properties during init and update.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'new Function' in 'parsePath' without explicit input sanitization, which could be exploited if configuration data is untrusted. No obfuscation or network activity detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive particle emitter library with standard graphics and behavior management. The main concern is the 'parsePath' function, which constructs functions from strings using 'new Function'. Although whitelisted with 'WHITELISTER', if the input strings are sourced from untrusted sources, this could lead to code injection. The rest of the code handles textures, behaviors, and particle lifecycle in a typical manner, with no malicious patterns or obfuscation. The scores assigned in the reports reflect this: malware risk is low but non-zero due to 'new Function' usage, and overall security risk depends on input trustworthiness. Proper validation or avoiding 'new Function' for untrusted data would mitigate this risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured particle emitter with minimal malicious intent. The primary security concern is the use of 'new Function' in 'parsePath', which could be exploited if configuration strings are untrusted. If configuration data is controlled and sanitized, the risk remains low. Otherwise, it warrants caution. The code shows no obfuscation or active malicious behavior. Overall, safe for trusted environments with proper input validation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.25,
  "securityRisk": 0.55,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}