{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a React-based 3D visualization module utilizing three.js and related libraries to render points, models, lights, particles, and camera controls in a 3D scene. It is intended for visualizing nodes with interactive features such as hover and click dialogs.",
  "sources": "Data inputs come from props like objectUrl, nodesData, and config; especially from external URLs via require() and useGLTF hook. Node coordinates are resolved via helpers, and user interactions trigger state changes.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include onPointerOver, onPointerOut, and onClick handlers that invoke callbacks with node IDs or hashes, potentially transmitting data to external functions. No network transmission, file modification, or system command execution observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input props to rendering elements, with interactions triggering state updates (e.g., selected node). User interactions with points invoke callbacks, but no code indicates malicious data exfiltration or external network activity.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or backdoors are present. Code structure is typical for 3D React applications. No obfuscation, malicious code, or hidden behaviors detected. The code primarily deals with rendering and user interactions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component setup for 3D visualization, utilizing well-known libraries such as three.js, @react-three/drei, and styled-components. It handles loading models, managing user interaction states, lighting, and particle effects. There is no evidence of network communication beyond standard React props, no dynamic code execution or data exfiltration routines, and no suspicious logic or hardcoded secrets. It appears to be a standard visualization module with interactive features.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical 3D visualization React component with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It does not perform any unauthorized data transmission, system modifications, or hidden malicious actions. Overall, it appears safe based on the provided fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}