{
  "purpose": "This code is a Webpack configuration script for building a production JavaScript application, including setting up loaders, plugins, environment variables, and optimization options.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (process.env), filesystem (fs.existsSync), configuration files (paths), and package dependencies. Uses require() to load modules and plugins.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if environment variables or configuration data are mishandled, but no untrusted user input is directly processed here. No network transmission or sensitive data handling observed.",
  "flows": "Configuration data flows from environment variables and file system checks into build options and plugin configurations. No flow of untrusted data from external sources to sensitive sinks detected.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors such as hardcoded secrets, dynamic code execution, or backdoors. The code primarily manages build setup. No malicious privacy violations or credential theft detected.",
  "analysis": "The script performs standard Webpack configuration tasks: setting environment variables, defining loaders and plugins, checking for TypeScript configuration, and setting optimization options. It includes environment validation to enforce production mode, standard plugin usage for CSS extraction, code minification, and environment variable injection. All dependencies are related to build tooling, and there are no signs of malicious code, such as network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code adheres to typical patterns seen in production build configs. No obfuscation or malware-like behavior identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical Webpack production configuration script with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It is focused on building and optimizing the application, with standard practices and no suspicious activities.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}