{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to compute the inverse error function (erfinv) and inverse complementary error function (erfcinv) using rational approximations, primarily for mathematical and statistical purposes.",
  "sources": "The functions read the input parameter `x`, perform range checks, and read from predefined coefficient arrays (P1, Q1, P2, Q2, P3, Q3, P4, Q4, P5, Q5). They also invoke a helper function `polyval` from an external module to evaluate polynomials.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data inputs are `x`, which is validated for range but not sanitized beyond that. The functions return mathematical results and do not directly write to external systems, files, or network. No data leaks or system effects are evident.",
  "flows": "Input `x` is validated and then processed through multiple conditional branches, invoking polynomial evaluation functions. The data flow is straightforward: input `x` → range checks → polynomial calculations → return value.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. No suspicious or malicious code behavior detected. The code's purpose is purely mathematical computation. The only external dependency is a polynomial evaluator from an external helper module, which appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard mathematical computations for special functions with multiple approximation methods depending on input ranges. It includes range checks, special case handling (NaN, infinities), and uses well-structured polynomial evaluation. No obfuscation or malicious behavior is present. The external helper module `@toshiara/helper-functions` appears to provide polynomial evaluation, which is standard. The code is clean, with clear purpose, and no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical implementation of inverse error functions using rational approximations. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity are detected. It appears to be a legitimate, mathematically focused library function with no security risks beyond the need for proper input validation.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}