{
  "purpose": "This code implements inverse error function (erfinv) and inverse complementary error function (erfcinv) calculations using rational approximations, primarily for mathematical and statistical computations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters (x), which are expected to be numeric inputs within specific ranges; it also uses constants for calculations. No external data sources or environment variables are accessed.",
  "sinks": "The functions return computed numeric results; there are no data leaks, network communications, or system modifications. No use of sensitive environment variables or file system operations observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameter x flows into mathematical calculations via rational polynomial evaluations, then produces the output result. No external or untrusted data influences the computation outside the function parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code strictly performs mathematical calculations. The only notable aspect is the extensive use of rational polynomial approximations, but these are standard mathematical methods. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or suspicious variable misuse observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a mathematical implementation of special functions (inverse error functions). It uses well-known approximation techniques with pre-defined constants and polynomial evaluation functions. It contains proper handling for special cases like NaN, infinities, and range errors. No external network calls, file system access, or data exfiltration methods are present. The only potential concern would be if these functions were misused for malicious purposes, but the code itself is standard and transparent in purpose. There are no signs of sabotage, backdoors, or malicious behavior within the code provided.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of mathematical functions for inverse error calculations, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It operates solely on input parameters and internal constants, performing typical polynomial evaluations without side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}