{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to compute the inverse error function (erfinv) and the inverse complementary error function (erfcinv) using rational approximations and mathematical formulas for different input ranges.",
  "sources": "The code reads input values for the functions erfinv and erfcinv, primarily through their parameters (x) and internal calculations involving mathematical functions like Math.log, Math.sqrt, and the evalrational helper, which computes polynomial evaluations.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any external data sinks, network communication, or data exfiltration mechanisms. It performs mathematical calculations solely within the scope of the functions and internal polynomial evaluations.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (x) flow through the functions, are processed with conditional logic based on the value range, and then used in polynomial evaluations via evalrational to produce the output. No external or untrusted data flows are evident beyond standard mathematical processing.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code behaviors are present. The code uses standard mathematical formulas, constants, and polynomial evaluations. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or data leakage code. The helper function evalrational relies on a polynomial evaluation from an external helper, which is typical for such calculations.",
  "analysis": "The code implements mathematical functions for inverse error calculations using rational approximations, with clearly defined constants, coefficients, and polynomial evaluation routines. The functions handle special cases (NaN, infinities, out-of-range inputs) properly. No obfuscation or unusual language features are present; the structure is clear and consistent. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data theft, or backdoors. The code appears to be a mathematically precise implementation of inverse error functions, suitable for scientific purposes. The use of the helper poly evaluation function is standard for polynomial calculations, with no suspicious operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs mathematical computations for inverse error functions without any malicious or suspicious activity. It relies on known rational approximation methods, handles special cases correctly, and does not contain hidden or malicious code segments. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}