{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React-based canvas drawing component with various features such as zooming, image loading, undo, erase, and saving/loading drawing data. It manages multiple layered canvases and user interactions to facilitate drawing operations.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from props (saveData, imgSrc, dimensions, zoomExtents, etc.), user input events (mouse/touch), and external image sources.",
  "sinks": "Uses canvas APIs to render images and drawings; exports image data via toDataURL; manipulates DOM events and properties (e.g., event listeners).",
  "flows": "Input data (props, user interactions) -> internal state updates -> rendering/drawing on canvases -> exporting image data or loading saved data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity detected. No unusual or obfuscated code. Use of standard libraries (react, prop-types, resize-observer-polyfill) with normal purpose. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component managing multiple HTML canvases for drawing purposes. It handles image loading, drawing, undo, erase, zoom, and save/load features. The code extensively uses standard JavaScript and Canvas APIs, with clear separation of concerns. No suspicious network requests, data leaks, or hidden behaviors are present. It appears to be a legitimate drawing tool implementation with typical features. The only noteworthy aspect is the use of 'crossOrigin' set to 'anonymous' for images, which is standard for avoiding tainting issues, not malicious. All dependencies are standard libraries for React and canvas manipulation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a normal implementation of a React canvas drawing component with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles user drawing, image loading, and data export in a typical, expected manner. No malicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}