{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React-based toast notification system, including context, provider, and UI components for displaying transient messages to users.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user interactions triggering toast messages and environment variables (although environment variables are not explicitly used here). Data flows from the toast triggering function to the rendering components, primarily via state updates within the ToastProvider.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation via React portals, rendering toast components with dynamic content, and timer functions (setTimeout) for auto-dismissal of toasts. No direct insecure data sinks such as network requests or file system access are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the toast trigger function 'g' through React state 'c', which updates the toast list 'o'. These are rendered via React portals into the DOM, displaying toast notifications with associated content and type. No untrusted external data sources or sinks are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors, such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic, are present. All code appears to be standard React component and context patterns. The use of Math.random() for toast IDs is acceptable for transient UI elements but not cryptographically secure; however, it is not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a React toast notification system. It creates a context and provider, maintains toast state, and renders toast components with auto-dismissal. There are no signs of malicious code such as network connections to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The use of setTimeout for dismissing toasts is typical for such UI features. The import of React JSX runtime and React internal modules do not suggest malicious intent. No environment variables or external inputs are used insecurely. Overall, the code is safe and typical for its purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard React toast notification implementation with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It manages transient UI messages securely without external data leaks or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}