{
  "purpose": "The script detects the Linux distribution and conditionally executes an installation command for 'patchright' if the system is supported.",
  "sources": "Reading '/etc/os-release' file, checking platform and OS release, executing 'npx patchright install' command",
  "sinks": "Execution of 'npx patchright install' via execSync, console.log and console.error outputs",
  "flows": "Reads system info from filesystem -> evaluates support -> executes system command based on conditions",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, no obfuscated code, no hidden commands or backdoors observed. Use of execSync to run system commands is standard but noteworthy in security context.",
  "analysis": "The code begins by importing system modules and checking if the OS platform is Linux. It then reads '/etc/os-release' to determine the distribution. It supports specific distros listed in 'supportedDistros'. If the platform is unsupported, it exits gracefully. If supported, it runs 'npx patchright install' synchronously. No user input is handled directly, and the command executed is predictable based on the environment. The code uses common Node.js modules and standard system commands. There are no signs of malicious code such as network communication to unknown domains, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The use of 'execSync' is a potential risk if 'patchright' is malicious, but as per analysis, this is a legitimate package execution. No obfuscated code, malicious behavior, or suspicious anomalies detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs a conditional system check and runs an external installation command for a specific package. No malicious intent, no malicious code, and no suspicious activities are present. It appears to be a standard setup script with no security risks beyond the typical risks associated with executing external commands. Overall, the script is benign and designed for environment setup.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}