{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a module that imports a function or object 'aq' from another module and re-exports it as 'r'. It also defines a frozen object and exports it. Its purpose is likely to serve as a proxy or intermediary for module management or dependency injection.",
  "sources": "The code reads from the imported module './index-DZ7-rViF.js' when importing 'aq'. It also reads its own variables and properties for defining and exporting objects.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks such as network requests, file writes, or data leaks. The code does not appear to handle untrusted input or perform any sensitive operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the imported module 'aq' to the exported object 'r' via the variable 'a'. The frozen object 'r' is then exported, but no processing or data manipulation occurs beyond referencing imported data.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses non-standard annotations like /* @__PURE__ */ and defines objects with unusual patterns like Object.freeze and Object.defineProperty, but these are common in build processes and do not indicate malicious intent. The source map comment suggests typical build artifacts.",
  "analysis": "The code imports an entity 'aq' from an external module and wraps it in a frozen object, then exports this wrapped object. It appears to serve as an intermediary or proxy module. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The code structure is typical of transpiled or bundled JavaScript modules, especially in frameworks using Vite or similar tools. No anomalies like hardcoded credentials or obfuscated code are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward module proxy that imports and re-exports a dependency, with no malicious behavior or security risks evident. It is a standard pattern in modern JavaScript module management, with no signs of malware or security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}