{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to convert between different color spaces (OKHSL, OKLab, OKHSV) within the oklab color space system, including conversions to and from representations like HSL, HSV, and Lab.",
  "sources": "The code reads input color values from function parameters such as 'hsl', 'lab', 'hsv', and internally computes values based on mathematical operations. It also reads from imported modules and functions, notably './util.js', './core.js', './spaces.js', and './gamut.js'.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain explicit sinks such as network requests, file writes, or system modifications. It performs mathematical computations for color conversions only.",
  "flows": "Input color data flows from function arguments into various calculations involving trigonometric, algebraic, and geometric operations. These computations process the input data to produce converted color values in different color spaces. No external untrusted sources are called during these computations.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code constructs are evident. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or suspicious variable naming is present. The only unusual aspect is the use of mathematical functions for color conversion, which is standard in color space transformations.",
  "analysis": "The code performs color space conversions involving mathematical functions like sqrt, atan2, pow, and custom functions toe and toeInv. It uses imported modules to access utility functions and color gamut data. There are no network operations, file I/O, or system commands that could be malicious. The functions are designed for color science calculations, which are mathematically complex but typical for such purposes. The code appears to be well-structured and focused solely on color transformation computations. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of color space conversion functions for OKLab, OKHSL, and OKHSV, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It is purely computational, with no external malicious activities. The code appears safe and focused on color science transformations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}