{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React Native component for rendering EPUB books, handling book loading, navigation, and orientation changes.",
  "sources": "Imports from external libraries (e.g., react-native, epubjs, rn-fetch-blob, async-storage), global polyfills (Blob, URL, btoa), component props (e.g., src, style, scripts).",
  "sinks": "Methods that may process untrusted data include book.open, setLocations, and event handlers for navigation and orientation changes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props (book source) through the epubjs library for loading, then into internal state for rendering and navigation. User interactions trigger event handlers which could process untrusted input.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network connections are evident. The code loads external modules without validation. Use of global polyfills (Blob, URL, btoa) appears standard for environment compatibility. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected. The code does access device orientation and storage, which is normal but should be noted for privacy.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily loads and renders EPUB books using epubjs, manages app state and orientation, and interacts with device storage and network via third-party modules. No suspicious data exfiltration, network connections to malicious domains, or system modifications are present. All imported modules are standard for such functionality. The code handles untrusted input cautiously through promises and catch blocks, with no evident injection points or data leaks. Polyfills and global variables are standard for environment compatibility. Overall, the code appears legitimate and aligned with its purpose, with no malicious intent or security risks detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React Native EPUB reader component that uses standard libraries and patterns. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are evident based on static analysis. It appropriately manages data and device interactions without suspicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}