{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript class TidyTree for rendering and interacting with phylogenetic trees using D3.js and the patristic library. It provides methods for setting data, rendering, styling, and user interaction.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters (data, options, events), DOM element styles (width, height), and the patristic data structures. It also accesses node and link data during rendering and interaction.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs SVG elements for visualization, updates DOM styles, and triggers event handlers. It does not include network operations, file writes, or system commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (e.g., setTree, setData) into internal data structures. User interactions or method calls can trigger event handlers, which may run callback functions registered via 'on'. SVG elements are manipulated for rendering and styling.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity observed. The only imported library 'patristic' is a known library for parsing phylogenetic data. The code contains standard D3.js visualization logic. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated patterns detected. Use of 'delete this' at destroy is unusual but not malicious—it's intended to help garbage collection.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a comprehensive class for visualization with well-defined methods and event handling. It uses standard libraries and approaches for data visualization and interaction. No signs of malicious data exfiltration, hidden network activity, or sabotage mechanisms. The functions do not contain suspicious string operations, dynamic code execution, or external calls outside standard libraries. The import of 'patristic' is benign and related to data parsing. The code manages DOM elements responsibly, and the event system appears to be straightforward. The use of 'delete this' in destroy method is unconventional but not malicious; it aims to help garbage collection.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured visualization library for phylogenetic trees with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not perform any network activity, file manipulation, or system commands. The import of 'patristic' and the use of D3.js are standard. Overall, the code is safe with low maliciousness suspicion.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}