{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript class TidyTree for rendering and interacting with phylogenetic trees using D3.js, including data management, drawing, styling, and event handling.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include parameters 'data', 'options', and 'events' passed to the constructor; tree data is parsed via 'patristic.parseNewick' or directly from 'patristic.Branch' objects; user interactions trigger event callbacks.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are event callback functions triggered by user interactions such as 'showtooltip', 'hidetooltip', 'contextmenu', and 'select', which can process node data; DOM manipulations (e.g., appending SVG elements) are standard for D3 visualizations; no network or file system access is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into internal data structures ('setData' or 'setTree'), which update the hierarchy; user interactions (click, hover, context menu) trigger event handlers; drawing functions generate SVG elements based on the hierarchy, with styling and transformations applied; event callbacks may receive node data as arguments.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code patterns such as hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network requests are present. The code relies solely on standard D3.js visualization and data parsing libraries. No obfuscated or eval-like code is used. The import of 'patristic' is standard for phylogenetic data parsing.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a phylogenetic tree visualization using D3.js with customizable options and event handlers. It uses 'patristic' for parsing Newick strings or Branch objects. All data handling appears to be straightforward and related to visualization logic. Event handlers are user-defined callbacks, not embedded malicious code. No network calls, file system access, or suspicious behaviors are found. The code does include standard practices for dynamic DOM updates, transitions, and user interaction handling. Import of 'patristic' suggests reliance on a known library. No hardcoded secrets or environment variable leaks are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured implementation of a phylogenetic tree visualization component using D3.js. No malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks are evident. It appears safe with a low malware and security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}