{
  "purpose": "The code provides a utility function 'splitHtml' that splits HTML content into parts based on a specified selector, with support for both Node.js and browser environments. It manipulates DOM elements and attributes for processing.",
  "sources": "Reads input HTML string 'html', and processes it via cheerio or jQuery loaded with the HTML content. It also reads element attributes during the splitting process.",
  "sinks": "Modifies element attributes ('data-' attributes) during processing, particularly 'splitAttr' and 'ignoreAttr'. It also accesses element tags and parent elements, but does not write to external systems or network.",
  "flows": "HTML string input is loaded into cheerio or jQuery, elements are selected with 'splitOn', attributes are added/removed ('data-' attributes), the HTML is parsed and reconstructed, and output fragments are generated. Attribute modifications flow from source to sink within the DOM manipulation.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically generates random attribute tokens for marking elements, which is standard. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The code employs typical DOM parsing and splitting logic. No obfuscated or malicious code present.",
  "analysis": "The script detects environment (Node.js or browser), loads dependencies accordingly, and defines 'splitHtml' for splitting HTML content by a selector. It marks matched elements with random 'data-' attributes, splits the HTML, reconstructs fragments, and cleans up temporary attributes. It carefully manages open tags by reconstructing parent elements. No external network calls, no hidden code, or suspicious behaviors are present. The use of random tokens for attributes appears to be a benign method to avoid attribute conflicts. No signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard HTML splitting utility with environment-aware DOM manipulation. No malicious or suspicious behavior is evident. It functions as intended for HTML processing without security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}