{
  "purpose": "This code provides a function 'splitHtml' to split HTML content on specified selectors, supporting both server (Node.js) and browser environments by utilizing Cheerio or a simulated jQuery object.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters 'html', 'splitOn', and 'test' function, and also accesses and modifies DOM elements and their attributes during the splitting process.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates HTML strings, modifies DOM element attributes ('data-...' attributes), and uses cheerio/jQuery methods. No direct data leakage or external network actions are present.",
  "flows": "The function loads HTML, marks elements for splitting, reconstructs HTML fragments by manipulating attributes and DOM structure, then splits into multiple parts based on the specified selector and test function.",
  "anomalies": "The code generates random tokens for attribute names using Math.random() for each call, which is benign; it also simulates a cheerio object in browser environments. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are apparent. No obfuscation or malware-like patterns identified.",
  "analysis": "The code's primary purpose is to split HTML content into multiple parts based on a selector, handling both server and client environments. It dynamically marks elements with random attribute tokens to identify split points, then reconstructs HTML fragments by closing open tags and maintaining DOM integrity. The code uses cheerio/jQuery methods for DOM manipulation and careful handling of open tags. No external network calls, no data exfiltration, or suspicious behaviors are observed. The random token generation is safe and typical for temporary attribute naming. Overall, the code performs a controlled, well-defined operation related to HTML manipulation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for splitting HTML content into segments, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or malicious data leaks. The usage of random tokens and DOM manipulation is safe and standard. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}