{
  "purpose": "The code provides a function 'splitHtml' that splits an HTML string into segments based on specified criteria and test functions, compatible with both Node.js and browser environments.",
  "sources": "The function reads 'html' input, 'splitOn' selector, and an optional 'test' function. It also requires dependencies via 'require('cheerio')' in Node.js or uses a simulated jQuery in the browser.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include manipulation of DOM elements and attributes, particularly adding/removing custom data attributes ('data-' tokens) which are used internally for marking elements during processing.",
  "flows": "The data flows from input 'html' through parsing and manipulation via cheerio/jQuery, with attributes like 'data-' tokens being set, checked, and removed. The 'test' function can influence flow control, and the final segmented HTML is generated by concatenating processed parts.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically generates random tokens for attribute names, uses internal attribute markers for processing, and manipulates HTML structure, which could be misused if modified. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The use of random tokens for attributes is unusual but not malicious. The code avoids obvious obfuscation or malicious network activity.",
  "analysis": "The script is designed to split HTML based on a selector, marking elements with random data attributes to track split points, and reconstructs HTML segments. It employs cheerio/jQuery for DOM manipulation and handles nested tags carefully to maintain valid HTML segments. The use of random tokens for data attributes helps avoid conflicts. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious network calls are evident. The code's purpose appears to be structural HTML splitting without malicious intent. No hidden backdoors or malware signatures are present. The function is complex but consistent with safe DOM operations. The dynamic attribute naming could be slightly suspicious but appears purely functional.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex HTML splitting utility compatible with server and browser environments. It employs internal marking attributes and careful HTML manipulation without any signs of malicious behavior or malicious network activity. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network calls. Its use of random tokens for internal attributes is unusual but benign. Overall, it appears safe and purely functional.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}