{
  "purpose": "This code provides a simple heatmap visualization utility that allows setting data points, customizing gradients, and rendering a heatmap on an HTML canvas element.",
  "sources": "The code reads the input canvas element (string ID or DOM object) during initialization, and data points added via the 'data' or 'add' methods.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to the canvas context for rendering graphics, including creating image data and applying color gradients. It also creates additional off-screen canvases for processing.",
  "flows": "Input data points are added to the internal data array; during 'draw', the heatmap is generated by drawing blurred circles at data points, then colorized using a gradient, and rendered onto the main canvas.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity observed. The only potentially noteworthy aspect is the creation of off-screen canvases which is standard for this visualization process. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic behaviors detected. The code adheres to typical visualization patterns without hidden functionalities.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes with a constructor accepting a canvas element, then provides methods to set data, adjust parameters, and render a heatmap. The 'radius' method creates a blurred circle pattern used for rendering points. The 'gradient' method creates a color gradient for visualization. The 'draw' method renders points and applies color mapping. All operations involve standard canvas APIs, with no indications of malicious activity such as network requests, data exfiltration, or malicious system modifications. No hidden or obfuscated logic found. The code appears to be a straightforward heatmap visualization utility with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign heatmap visualization library with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It performs expected rendering operations without engaging in any suspicious activities or leaking data. It is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}