{
  "purpose": "Define and resolve a set of named clip and slide animation configurations for use in a JavaScript/React Native project.",
  "sources": "The code reads its own exported constants (ClippedAnimations) and function parameters (animation), which are internally controlled. No external input reading or data acquisition is observed.",
  "sinks": "The resolveAnimation function processes animation data, but only uses internal constants or parameters; no data leaks or external system effects are present. No dangerous sinks such as network, file system, or system commands are used.",
  "flows": "Input parameter 'animation' is checked and mapped through internal constants, then returned. No untrusted data is passed into external systems or data flows from untrusted sources.",
  "anomalies": "Commented-out functions at the beginning may suggest previous experimentation or obfuscation attempts, but are harmless. The code structure is straightforward. No hardcoded secrets or unusual behavior is detected. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines type aliases for animation names and types, and a constant object containing various animation configuration objects. The resolveAnimation function verifies whether the input is a string, maps it to internal constants, and ensures the array is valid and non-empty before returning it. There are no external data reads, no system commands, no network activity, and no malicious code patterns. The functions are static and intended for configuration purposes. No anomalies or suspicious code behaviors are present; all code appears standard and safe.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, static configuration module for animation settings. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious data handling, and no external system interactions. The commented-out functions do not impact the current code execution or security posture.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}