{
  "purpose": "This code creates and manages a WebGL-based 3D scene with interaction capabilities, including object selection, camera control, and rendering.",
  "sources": "User input via mouseChange (mouse events), WebGL context, and external dependencies such as 'gl-select-static' and 'mouse-change'.",
  "sinks": "Rendering functions, WebGL framebuffer operations, shader uniforms, and external callback functions (onselect, onrender, onclick).",
  "flows": "Mouse input → selection logic → rendering and picking buffers → callbacks. Data flows from user actions and scene updates to rendering outputs and callback invocations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs. The code uses standard WebGL and scene management patterns. External dependencies are common for such applications. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present. No data exfiltration, system modification, or network communication beyond scene rendering and input handling is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily initializes a WebGL scene, manages objects, handles user interactions (mouse events), performs object picking via off-screen buffers, and renders the scene with support for transparency and camera controls. It includes functions for resizing, object management, and scene rendering, all typical for visualization tools. No code segments perform network requests, system modifications, or data leakage. External dependencies are standard for such graphics applications. The logic flows from input to rendering with no suspicious or malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript module implements a WebGL scene viewer with interaction and rendering capabilities. It does not contain malicious code or behavior, nor does it perform any suspicious operations beyond standard visualization functions. The code appears safe and intended for visualization purposes only.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}