{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Koishi plugin that responds to 'poke' events by replying with text, images, or audio files based on configuration and probabilistic logic. It reads media files from specified local directories, filters by extension, and constructs URLs to send as responses.",
  "sources": "Filesystem reads from user-specified directories for images and audio; configuration parameters for reply messages and probabilities.",
  "sinks": "Sending media files via URLs constructed from local filesystem paths; no external network requests or data leaks are present.",
  "flows": "On 'notice/poke' event, source is the event trigger; flow proceeds through probabilistic checks to either send a poke back, a text reply, or a media file (image/audio) selected randomly; media URL is constructed from local path.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns; standard filesystem operations; no hardcoded secrets or obfuscation; media files are loaded from user-controlled directories, which could contain malicious files, but this is an expected feature, not an anomaly.",
  "analysis": "The code is straightforward, handling 'poke' events by responding with configurable media or text. It reads media files recursively, filters by extension, and constructs URLs for local files. No malicious code, backdoors, or external network activity are detected. The media folder content could be malicious if files are malicious, but this is an inherent risk of such plugins, not a flaw. The probabilistic logic and file handling are standard. The scores assigned in the reports (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: 0.1-0.2) are consistent with the benign nature of the code and the potential for user-managed malicious media files. The high confidence score (around 0.9) is justified given the straightforward analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard plugin for handling 'poke' events with media responses. It contains no malicious or obfuscated code. The main security concern is the potential for malicious media files in user-specified directories, which is an expected and inherent risk, not a flaw in the code. The scores of 0 for malware and obfuscation, and a low risk score (~0.1-0.2), are appropriate and justified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}