{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to morph smoothly between polygonal or multipolygonal GeoJSON features in a Mapbox GL map, updating the map source data during animation.",
  "sources": "Fetch data from the source (_data property, which can be a URL string or GeoJSON object), and receive feature input via the morph() method.",
  "sinks": "Update the map source data with new GeoJSON features during animation frames; no external output beyond source update.",
  "flows": "Source data (possibly a URL or GeoJSON) is fetched or used directly, then during morph(), new features are animated and set as source data, with transitions handled by requestAnimationFrame.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network calls, or unusual code structures. Fetch is used to load source data only if it is a URL string; no external or covert data exfiltration observed. The use of internal properties (_data) could be considered somewhat non-standard, but is not inherently malicious. No obfuscation, no dynamic code execution, or suspicious variables. The fetch is directly invoked based on the source's internal property without sanitization, but since it's a standard fetch, it is not malicious by itself.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard GeoJSON data handling and smooth morphing animation. It retrieves source data from a property that could be a URL string, fetching it if necessary. The fetch operation does not include any suspicious URL or parameters, and the data fetched is used internally for visualization. The animation and data update mechanisms are standard for visual effects and do not involve malicious actions such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system modification. No suspicious network activity, hardcoded credentials, or malicious code insertion points are present. The only notable point is the direct usage of source._data as a string URL, which could potentially be manipulated, but this is expected in a typical data source scenario, not malicious per se.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate polygon/multipolygon morphing utility for Mapbox GL, with no evidence of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. It simply fetches and animates GeoJSON data for visualization purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}