{
  "purpose": "This code provides statistical kernel functions, density estimation, and regression smoothing tools for data analysis, including multiple regression capabilities.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data arrays (xs, ys, Xs) for calculations, and relies on external modules for normal distribution, Euclidean distance, standard deviation, and validation functions.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks for untrusted data or external communication are present in the code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arrays through kernel and bandwidth parameters into functions that compute weights, densities, and regression estimates. These functions process data internally without external side effects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are detected. External module dependencies appear standard for statistical calculations. The code structure and variable naming are clear and conventional.",
  "analysis": "The code defines kernel functions (gaussian, boxcar, epanechnikov, tricube) for density estimation and regression smoothing, utilizing standard mathematical operations. It includes utility functions for summation, vectorization, and matrix processing. The bandwidth parameter is handled with default values and validation. No evidence of malicious logic, such as network connections, system modifications, or data exfiltration, is found. All operations are purely statistical and mathematical, with no external system interactions or obfuscated code. The external dependencies are common and relevant to the task, with no indication of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of kernel density and regression methods, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs typical statistical computations securely, using validated inputs and dependencies. No malicious or suspicious activities are evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}