{
  "purpose": "Embed the content of a local 'echarts.min' JavaScript library directly into an HTML page for visualization purposes.",
  "sources": "Import of '../components/Echarts/echarts.min' and embedding its content into a script tag within the HTML.",
  "sinks": "The embedded 'echarts.min' code executed within the page; no external data sources or untrusted inputs are involved.",
  "flows": "The imported 'echarts.min' code flows directly from the import statement into the script tag in the HTML, executing in the browser context.",
  "anomalies": "Embedding large minified code directly into HTML without validation or integrity checks; no obfuscation or malicious patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a local minified library and injects its entire content into an HTML script tag. No malicious behavior, obfuscation, or suspicious activity is evident. The main concern is trust in the source file; if the 'echarts.min' file is compromised, malicious code could execute. The approach of embedding code directly is unconventional but not inherently malicious. Malware scores are zero across reports, consistent with no malicious code detected. Security risk scores range from 0.2 to 0.4, reflecting low to moderate concern primarily due to lack of validation. The code is straightforward and not obfuscated. Recommendations include verifying the integrity of the 'echarts.min' file via hashes or signatures and preferring external script loading with integrity attributes to mitigate risks associated with untrusted sources.",
  "conclusion": "The code itself is not malicious and does not contain obfuscation. The primary security concern is the trustworthiness of the 'echarts.min' source. If the source is verified and secure, the risk remains low. Embedding large scripts directly without validation can be risky if the source is compromised, but in a trusted environment, the code is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}