{
  "purpose": "The code calculates probability and cumulative probability based on the F-distribution, primarily used in statistical hypothesis testing involving regression analysis.",
  "sources": "The functions read input parameters such as F-values, degrees of freedom (a, b), and an 'iv' flag from the function arguments.",
  "sinks": "The outputs are numerical probability values; no untrusted data is written or transmitted. No external sinks such as network or file I/O are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are processed through mathematical calculations, with no external data flows; the probability functions internally invoke distribution-specific calculations without external data flow outside function inputs and outputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains some inconsistencies, such as 'a = dd' and 'b = dn' in 'probability()' which are undefined variables, suggesting incomplete or erroneous code. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are evident. The only potential concern is the undefined variables which could cause runtime errors, but these are not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code performs statistical calculations for the F-distribution, with functions for probability and cumulative probability. It uses standard mathematical formulas and loops to compute values based on degrees of freedom. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections, or code injections. The presence of undefined variables 'dd' and 'dn' in 'probability()' indicates likely incomplete or erroneous implementation, but these are not malicious. The code is straightforward, using mathematical functions without dynamic execution or obfuscation. No suspicious external dependencies or code patterns are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a statistical computation module for F-distribution probabilities. It does not contain any malicious behavior or malware. However, it has some implementation errors or incomplete parts (undefined variables), but these are unrelated to security risks. Overall, the code appears safe from a cybersecurity perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}