{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to calculate probabilities and cumulative probabilities based on the F-distribution, used in statistical analysis, specifically for hypothesis testing in regression models.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters such as 'f' (F value), 'dfReg' (degrees of freedom of regression), and 'dfRes' (degrees of freedom of residuals). The code reads these inputs to compute statistical probabilities.",
  "sinks": "Outputs are numerical probability values returned by functions. No data is written to external sources, files, or network connections. No sinks involving untrusted data processing are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are processed through mathematical calculations in functions 'L504', 'L401', and 'probability'. The main flow involves computing probabilities based on the input F-values and degrees of freedom, with no external data or side effects.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code constructs, obfuscated code, or hardcoded secrets are present. The functions perform standard mathematical operations for statistical calculations. No suspicious behavior such as network communication, file manipulation, or environment variable access is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for statistical calculations related to the F-distribution, utilizing standard mathematical formulas. The functions are well-structured and perform computations involving logarithms, exponentials, and loops for series approximation. The 'probability' function determines which calculation method to use based on the degrees of freedom, but contains a reference to undefined variables 'dd' and 'dn' which seem to be placeholders or errors, possibly indicating incomplete or incorrect code. The 'cumulativeProb' function computes the cumulative probability but only if inputs are positive, otherwise logs an error message. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, data leaks, or external network activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs legitimate statistical probability calculations based on the F-distribution. It contains some potential errors or incomplete parts (e.g., undefined variables 'dd' and 'dn') but no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. Overall, the code appears to be for standard statistical purposes with no malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}