{
  "purpose": "The code calculates probabilities and cumulative probabilities based on the F-distribution, used for statistical hypothesis testing.",
  "sources": "Input parameters include 'f', 'dfReg', and 'dfRes' for probability calculations; these are provided as function arguments. No external data sources or user input sources are present.",
  "sinks": "The functions return probability values; no data is sent to external systems or network endpoints. No system commands or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used directly in calculations within functions. The probability functions call internal helper functions without external data flows. No data flows to or from untrusted sources outside the scope of the function parameters.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains an assignment to 'a = dd' and 'b = dn' within 'probability' function without definitions or context, which likely leads to runtime errors; this appears to be a coding mistake rather than malicious behavior. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code uses potentially unsafe logging to the console for input validation but no malicious or privacy-invading actions are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code implements statistical functions to compute F-distribution probabilities, relying on mathematical formulas. There are no external data sources, network requests, or system modifications. The presence of undefined variables 'dd' and 'dn' suggests bugs rather than malicious intent. No obfuscated or hidden code is present. The functions are self-contained and do not perform any harmful operations such as data exfiltration or system access.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard statistical library for F-distribution calculations, with a notable bug involving undefined variables 'dd' and 'dn' that would cause runtime errors. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code's purpose is purely computational. The main concern is the bug, not malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}