{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive set of functions and classes for color manipulation, conversion, and analysis in JavaScript, including color models like RGB, HSL, HSV, CMYK, and others, along with utilities for contrast, blending, and formatting.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters (e.g., color values, ratios), internal variables, and constants; it does not read external input sources or data from environment variables or network sources.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform any network requests, system modifications, file operations, or external system interactions. It mainly performs calculations and string formatting related to color values, which are used for rendering or UI purposes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through mathematical and logical functions, producing color objects, formatted strings, or computed values. There are no external or untrusted data flows to network or system sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears well-structured and consistent. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. No unusual code patterns, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code segments are detected. All functions are straightforward and documented.",
  "analysis": "A detailed review of the code shows it implements color models, conversions, and manipulation utilities without any suspicious network activity, system calls, or code injection. The functions are self-contained, mainly performing mathematical calculations or string formatting. No indications of malicious behavior or sabotage are observed. The code does not leverage any external inputs in a malicious way; it is primarily a library for color processing.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a color utility library with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs mathematical and formatting operations related to color models and contrast analysis without external system or network interaction. No malicious or suspicious code behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}