{
  "purpose": "This source code provides a comprehensive library of color manipulation functions, including color conversions, adjustments, blending, and formatting, primarily used for color processing and visualization tasks in JavaScript.",
  "sources": "The code defines color classes, utility functions for color calculations, and exports these functions. It reads data mainly from function parameters (e.g., color objects, numeric values) and internal constants. No external data sources are accessed.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that format or output color data as strings (e.g., formatRgbToHex, formatRgbToString, formatHslToString, formatHsvToString), which could be misused if supplied with untrusted or malicious input. No network, file, or environment variable access is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into various color manipulation functions, which perform calculations and conversions, then produce formatted string outputs or color objects. No evidence of untrusted data being sent over the network or to system resources.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a well-structured color manipulation library with extensive functions for color processing. No unusual code patterns, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors are observed. It includes standard math operations, color class definitions, and exports.",
  "analysis": "Step-by-step review shows the code is a color utility library with functions for color space conversions, contrast, brightness, and blending. All functions operate within expected mathematical and color processing bounds. There are no hardcoded secrets, network connections, or code that would execute system commands. No obfuscation or suspicious constructs are present. The library's design is consistent with standard color manipulation tools.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate color processing library with no malicious behavior detected. It is intended for visual and UI purposes, providing color adjustments and conversions. No signs of malware, sabotage, or malicious data leaks are identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}