{
  "purpose": "The code defines a function to perform a search operation on an Elasticsearch index using parameters and options provided, then processes and returns the results via a callback.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'searchOptions', 'configOptions', and 'schema' parameters, and from the 'helpers' module functions. The Elasticsearch client configuration reads the host from 'configOptions.host'.",
  "sinks": "Results are returned via the callback; potential data leakage could occur if results contain sensitive data. No untrusted data is directly written to files, network, or system commands.",
  "flows": "Input from 'searchOptions' and 'configOptions' flows into 'helpers' functions for merging options and body, which are then used to construct the 'search' object. The 'client.search' method executes the query, and results are processed and returned via callback.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The code uses external libraries securely. The use of 'helpers' functions for merging options may obscure behavior but appears benign. No suspicious network activity or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports the 'elasticsearch' module and a 'helpers' module, then creates an Elasticsearch client using a host specified in configuration. It merges search options and body configurations through helper functions, constructs a search query, and executes it asynchronously. Results are returned via callback, with an option for raw results. No dynamic code execution, network connections beyond the Elasticsearch client, or sensitive data handling appears suspicious. The overall structure follows standard patterns for Elasticsearch queries.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward Elasticsearch search utility that securely handles input options, constructs queries, and returns results. No malicious behavior or malware indicators are found. It appears to be standard application code with no significant security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}