{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom map layer 'ArcMarker' extending Leaflet's CircleMarker, with additional methods for managing arc angles, direction, and rendering. It includes methods for angle normalization, rotation, and custom SVG and Canvas rendering of arc shapes.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from options (startAngle, stopAngle, direction) and method parameters; map data (latlng) is read during initialization; internal properties like _point and _radius are used for rendering calculations.",
  "sinks": "Rendering functions generate SVG path data and Canvas drawing commands; no external data sinks are directly evident, but the code manipulates geographic data and rendering outputs.",
  "flows": "Input data (angles, latlng) flow into angle calculations, normalization, and rotation functions, which then influence SVG path data and Canvas drawing commands for rendering the arc shape.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, network calls, or hidden behaviors are present. The code appears to be a geometric extension for map visualization with standard mathematical operations. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or malicious data handling detected.",
  "analysis": "The code extends Leaflet's CircleMarker to add arc-specific behavior, including angle fixing, direction setting, and rendering of arc segments in both SVG and Canvas. It performs mathematical operations such as angle normalization, rotation, and arc drawing. The rendering methods depend on internal state and options, with no external data interactions or suspicious behaviors. The functions operate solely on geographic and geometric data for visualization purposes. No signs of malware or malicious behavior are evident. The overall structure is consistent with map visualization plugins and does not exhibit anomalies or malicious indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured extension for rendering arcs in Leaflet maps. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks within this module. It is a visualization utility with no external data leaks, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}