{
  "purpose": "This code implements a t-SNE visualization algorithm, along with various utility functions for statistical and mathematical operations related to high-dimensional data embedding.",
  "sources": "The code reads data through functions like initDataRaw and initDataDist, which accept high-dimensional datasets or distance matrices. It uses Math.random() for random number generation, and reads no external input sources beyond function parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write to external data sinks or perform network operations. No direct data leakage or external data exfiltration is observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input datasets (X or D) into distance calculations, then into probability distribution computations, followed by iterative gradient-based updates of the embedding Y. Random number generators influence the initial solution and stochastic components.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of t-SNE with utility functions; no unusual or suspicious code patterns, such as backdoors, hidden data leaks, or external connections, are present. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. Usage of Math.random() for stochastic processes is typical for this context, not suspicious. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive, standard implementation of the t-SNE algorithm with auxiliary functions for Gaussian random number generation, distance calculations, and probability normalization. The use of Math.random() is for stochastic processes like initial embedding and Gaussian noise, typical in such algorithms. No network operations, data exfiltration, or backdoors are detected. All data inputs are used internally; no external communication or malicious behaviors are present. The structure and patterns align with typical open-source t-SNE implementations. Overall, the code appears benign with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, open-source implementation of the t-SNE visualization technique, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It functions solely to process high-dimensional data for visualization purposes without external communication or malicious payloads.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}