{
  "purpose": "This code defines a regular expression pattern intended to match specific CSS-like strings, such as pixel units and excluding certain quoted strings and URLs.",
  "sources": "The code itself is a module export of a regex pattern, which would be used in other parts of a JavaScript application to match CSS or style-related strings in input data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks could be places where this regex is applied to untrusted input data, leading to pattern matching and extraction operations that might be exploited if combined with unsafe processing.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input data flows into the regex matching operation, which then extracts specific patterns like pixel units or ignores quoted strings and URLs.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a straightforward regex pattern with comments, deliberately excluding certain string patterns and matching pixel units. No obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious logic are present. The use of ESLint disable comment is typical for ignoring lint rules and not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code exports a regex pattern designed to match numeric pixel units (e.g., '12px') while ignoring text within quotes and URLs. The pattern uses regex alternatives to exclude quoted strings and URLs, focusing on capturing pixel values. The comments indicate an intention to avoid matching within strings or URLs, which suggests cautious pattern design. No malicious behavior or suspicious logic is present. The code does not include any network activity, data manipulation, or obfuscated constructs. Its purpose is likely for CSS parsing or style extraction. There are no anomalies such as hidden backdoors or malicious code. The only noteworthy point is the ESLint disable comment, which is benign in this context.",
  "conclusion": "This module exports a regex pattern intended for pattern matching in CSS or style-related data. It appears to be a standard utility function without any malicious intent or security risks. The code is straightforward, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}