{
  "purpose": "The provided code is a collection of Angular modules, directives, pipes, and services mainly focused on UI utilities such as viewport detection, input masking, event handling, and data filtering. It appears intended for enhancing user interface functionality and user experience.",
  "sources": "Code reads from external libraries ('tslib', '@angular/core', '@angular/common', '@angular/router', 'rxjs', 'date-fns') and platform features. It accesses DOM elements through ElementRef, interacts with window/navigator objects, and handles user input events. No explicit external data sources or untrusted inputs are directly read outside the Angular context.",
  "sinks": "Code interacts with DOM elements via ElementRef, Renderer2, and event emitters, but these are standard Angular patterns. There are no indications of data being sent over the network, writing to system files, or executing system commands. No use of eval or dynamic code execution observed.",
  "flows": "User interactions trigger event handlers that modify input values, DOM classes, or emit events. These flows are typical for Angular UI components, with no evidence of untrusted data being exploited or passed into dangerous sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors. The code includes a custom observable-based destroy pattern for cleanup, which is standard. All code appears structured and uses common Angular patterns. No obfuscated code or techniques designed to conceal malicious activity are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Angular utility library with directives for dynamic view rendering, viewport detection, click outside detection, input masking, and data filtering. It uses typical Angular dependency injection, event handling, and observable patterns. No parts of the code exhibit malicious behavior, such as network communication to unknown domains, data exfiltration, or system command execution. The only potentially concerning aspect is the 'untilDestroy' pattern, which is a common Angular cleanup pattern, not malicious. No hidden or malicious code segments are found. The code’s structure and usage are consistent with legitimate UI enhancement functionalities.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a collection of Angular UI utility components and directives with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It does not perform any network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification beyond standard UI behavior. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}