{
  "purpose": "The code provides Angular directives, pipes, and services for UI functionalities such as masking input, detecting viewport intersection, handling click outside events, routing match highlighting, and data formatting. It is designed for UI enhancement and user interaction management.",
  "sources": "Reads from Angular component inputs, DOM elements, environment detection (platform), and external libraries like rxjs, date-fns, and Angular core modules.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM elements (adding/removing classes, setting input values), emits events (EventEmitter), and subscribes to observables for cleanup and environment checks. No external network or file system activity is detected.",
  "flows": "Sources include user inputs, environment variables, and Angular inputs; flows lead to DOM updates, event emissions, and observable subscriptions for cleanup. No suspicious data flows or external data exfiltration are present.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscation. Use of 'Symbol' for internal observables and 'untilDestroy' pattern are standard Angular practices. No malicious code or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code employs standard Angular patterns, including environment checks, RxJS cleanup with 'untilDestroy', and DOM manipulations for UI features. No external network activity, malicious behavior, or obfuscation is present. The logic is straightforward, focusing on user interaction and data formatting. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are found. The use of symbols and cleanup patterns aligns with best practices, and no suspicious data flows are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Angular utility library for UI enhancements, with no signs of malicious activity, sabotage, or obfuscation. It employs standard patterns and best practices, and the overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}