{
  "purpose": "This code provides various Angular directives, pipes, and services intended for UI enhancements, such as input masking, viewport detection, click outside detection, routing link matching, data filtering, grouping, sanitization, and time formatting.",
  "sources": "Sources of data include Angular inputs and event listeners, such as user input (e.g., keyboard, paste, focus/blur), DOM element attributes, and Angular router events.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are event emitters, DOM manipulations (adding/removing classes), modifying input element values, and emitting events for outside click detection.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions or input properties through directive methods, pipes, or services, with potential propagation to DOM elements or event emitters. For example, user input triggers parsing/masking functions, which then update DOM values or emit events.",
  "anomalies": "No explicit hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious URL connections. The code employs standard Angular practices and RxJS operators for reactive data flow. The use of symbols like 'destroy$' for managing subscriptions is normal. No obfuscated or complex dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises well-structured Angular directives, modules, and pipes aimed at UI behavior and data manipulation, such as masking, in-viewport detection, click outside handling, and data filtering/grouping. No signs of malicious code like network communication to unknown domains, data exfiltration, system file access, or cryptocurrency mining activities are present. Observables are used properly with cleanup mechanisms. The masking logic is comprehensive and seems to serve legitimate input formatting purposes. Event handling and DOM manipulations follow standard practices. The only concern could be the 'untilDestroy' pattern, which is a common subscription management technique, not malicious in itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a collection of legitimate UI and utility components for Angular applications with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It employs standard libraries and practices. No malware or security risks are detected within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}