{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define utility functions for handling promise-like objects and result states, including success and error handling, in a functional programming style. It provides an API for managing asynchronous results and errors in a structured way.",
  "sources": "Functions receive input from parameters, including functions (e.g., r, n) and possibly promise-like objects (r). No external input sources are explicitly shown but could be any data passed into these functions.",
  "sinks": "Data returned or passed to callback functions (n, t, r.error) could potentially be untrusted if user input is fed into the initial functions. However, there are no direct sinks such as network calls, system commands, or data leaks within this code.",
  "flows": "Input data or promise-like objects (r) flow through promise handling functions (u, f, p, h, d), which process and pass data to callback functions or return structured result objects. Error handling functions (e, c, m) process errors, propagating them as structured objects.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains typical functional result handling patterns; no unusual or suspicious code structures, such as obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious behaviors, are present. The module exports utility functions and a frozen object with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several utility functions for handling asynchronous operations and success/error states in a functional manner. It uses promise checking (o), success (a), error (e), and unwrapping functions (k, m, b, s). It also provides chaining functions (u, f, p, h) that process promises or results. The code is structured cleanly and appears to implement a standard result handling library. There are no signs of data leaks, malicious network activity, or embedded backdoors. The functions rely on callback chaining and promise handling typical for JavaScript result management. The module exports are consistent and do not contain any suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions for managing asynchronous results and errors in a structured, functional style. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is a standard pattern for handling promise-based flows and result states. No suspicious or malicious activities are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}