{
  "purpose": "This code implements a global input hook for capturing keyboard and mouse events, allowing registration and handling of shortcuts, and interfacing with a native addon module (iohook.node) to monitor low-level input events.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (process.env.DEBUG), process versions (process.versions), __dirname, and native module requirements; also reads input events via the native addon NodeHookAddon.",
  "sinks": "Emits events via EventEmitter, calls user-provided callback functions for shortcuts, and interacts with the native module to start/stop hooks and debug output.",
  "flows": "Native module calls the _handler method with input messages; messages are processed, events emitted, and shortcut callback functions invoked based on key presses and releases.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or minification detected; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious domain connections. Uses Date.now() + Math.random() for shortcut IDs, which is acceptable for unique identification but could theoretically be manipulated; no network activity or data exfiltration code present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a standard implementation for hooking into system input events using a native addon, with methods for managing shortcuts, enabling/disabling debug, and handling key modifiers. It primarily reads environment variables and process info for configuration. The event handling and shortcut logic are typical for input capture utilities. No suspicious code patterns, network activity, or data leaks are present. The use of a native addon is common in such modules. The ID generation for shortcuts is sufficiently unique for typical use. Overall, the code appears legitimate and focused on input event management without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a system input hook with shortcut management. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It appears to be a utility library for global input capture, with no network activity or privacy violations detected. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}