{
  "purpose": "This code provides a color utility library for converting, analyzing, and manipulating colors in various formats (hex, rgb, hsl). It offers functions to determine optimal text color for contrast and readability based on background colors.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters such as color strings, numeric options (opacity, thresholds), and string inputs for color conversion functions. It also processes constants for thresholds and regular expressions.",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations and returns color representations (hex, rgb, hsl, rgba, hsla), as well as boolean outputs for determining if text should be dark. It does not include data leaks or external network requests.",
  "flows": "Input strings and numeric parameters are processed through utility functions to produce color outputs or contrast assessments. The primary source-to-sink flow is from input parameters through conversion and calculation functions to final color or boolean results.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors are present. All functions perform standard color manipulation and contrast calculations. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is evident. The code uses constants and regex for color parsing, typical for such utilities.",
  "analysis": "The code is a color utility library designed for color analysis and conversion, with functions to assess text readability against background colors based on brightness and luminance. It uses standard formulas and well-known constants for color contrast checks. The module exposes functions for color conversion, contrast calculation, and color formatting. No external network calls, file operations, or suspicious behaviors are observed. The structure is clear, and functions perform expected tasks related to color processing. There are no signs of malware or malicious intent within this code.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate color utility library used for UI/UX contrast and color management. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The code is well-structured, standard in purpose, and only performs color calculations. No security risks are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}