{
  "purpose": "This code is a Grunt-based build and deployment script for managing widgets, including uploading assets, saving configurations, and interacting with an API.",
  "sources": "Reads user input via Grunt prompts, reads local configuration files, and reads SVG and video media files from the media directory.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to the API for creating, updating, or deleting widgets, and file system operations for reading/writing config files and media streams.",
  "flows": "User input data (via prompts) flows into widget configuration; configuration data flows into API requests for widget creation/update/deletion; file streams are uploaded to the server during asset uploads.",
  "anomalies": "The code directly uses user input for API request parameters without sanitization; no apparent sanitization or validation of file paths or input data. No hardcoded credentials are visible. Use of 'request' module with unvalidated input could lead to injection if malicious input is supplied through prompts or config files. No malicious code such as network exfiltration, backdoors, or system manipulation is present. The API URL is fixed, but can be switched between sandbox and production environments.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily handles project configuration, media management, and API interactions for widget deployment. It reads local JSON configs and media files, prompts the user for input, and performs HTTP requests for CRUD operations on widgets. While there are no signs of malicious payloads or backdoors, it relies heavily on user input and external files. There is no evident attempt at malicious activity such as data exfiltration, command execution, or network compromise. The use of 'request' and 'shell.exec' appears legitimate within the context, with no obvious malicious payloads. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are observed. Potential security concerns include lack of input validation and potential for misuse if malicious config files or media are supplied, but these are typical for deployment scripts and do not constitute malware or malicious behavior. Overall, the code functions as an automation tool with no evidence of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This script is a build and deployment utility for widgets, involving user prompts, file management, and API interactions. There are no signs of malware, malicious backdoors, or harmful payloads. Its security risks are minimal but could benefit from input validation. It does not perform any malicious activities such as data theft, system damage, or unauthorized network access.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}