{
  "purpose": "The code is a Grunt task module for managing widget publishing workflows, including configuration management, file uploads, and API interactions with a widget platform.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration files (JSON), SVG and video media files, user input prompts, and environment variables for API URL and sandbox mode.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to API endpoints for widget creation, update, deletion, and media uploads; file system writes for configuration persistence; shell commands for git operations.",
  "flows": "Configuration and user input data flow into API requests (POST/PUT/DELETE), which then interact with remote servers. File streams are uploaded via HTTP POST forms. Configuration data is saved locally and pushed to remote git repository.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or sensitive data observed. No suspicious network domains or unusual code behavior detected. Usage of external modules appears standard; no obfuscated or malicious code identified. Logging is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical build and deployment tasks, including reading configuration files, prompting for user input, making HTTP requests to predefined API endpoints, and executing git commands for version control. The code interacts with remote servers for widget management, uploads media files, and manages local configuration files. All data flows appear aligned with standard deployment procedures. There are no signs of malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or unauthorized system access. The external modules used (request, fs, shelljs) are common in such workflows. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. The code structure and flow do not contain obfuscated or suspicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard deployment and configuration management script for widgets with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs typical build, upload, and version control tasks without any malicious signals.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}