{
  "purpose": "This module provides various mathematical and geometric functions for coordinate transformations, angle calculations, and path conversions, likely for graphical or SVG-related processing.",
  "sources": "No direct input sources; the code operates on parameters passed to functions. The only external dependency is requiring './a2c', which is presumably another module.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'a2c' module, which is invoked within 'arcTransfromCurve' for arc calculations, but since its implementation isn't provided, it can't be evaluated here. No data leaks or untrusted data outputs are evident in the code.",
  "flows": "The code takes coordinate parameters, transforms them, and processes them through mathematical functions. The only notable flow involves passing parameters to 'a2c' for arc processing; however, no external untrusted data is directly read or written.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code are evident. The code performs standard geometric calculations without obfuscation or malicious patterns. The require statement for './a2c' could be scrutinized if that module is malicious, but based on this code alone, no malicious intent is detectable.",
  "analysis": "The module defines functions for unicode and UTF-8 conversions, decimal rounding, angle conversions, coordinate rotations, arc calculations, quadratic curve conversions, and SVG transform parsing. All functions operate with mathematical formulas and string parsing typical of graphical applications. No suspicious code, dynamic code execution, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The external dependency './a2c' is invoked within 'arcTransfromCurve', but without its code, its safety cannot be confirmed. Overall, the code appears to be utility functions for geometric calculations with no malicious behavior or security risks detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of mathematical utilities related to graphics or SVG path processing. No malicious or suspicious code patterns are evident. The only external dependency, './a2c', requires review for complete assurance, but within this module, there is no indication of malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}