{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive wrapper around the Kakao Maps JavaScript SDK for Angular, facilitating map creation, controls, overlays, markers, and services with various utility classes.",
  "sources": "Input: None explicitly reading user or external input; Data flows are primarily internal method calls within the SDK wrappers. Initialization and configuration methods handle data passed in (like map options).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include: dynamically adding script tags for SDK loading, which fetches external SDK scripts; usage of untrusted options in map and overlay configurations; event listener registrations that could be manipulated with malicious data.",
  "flows": "Source: SDK script URL or user input into configuration functions -> Sink: SDK functions (like setCenter, setMapTypeId, addListener) that modify or access map state. Script injection occurs via dynamic script tag creation with user-provided API key.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets found aside from the API key prefix. The code dynamically loads external scripts based on API key input, which could be misused if API key is compromised. Usage of global 'kakao' object is standard but relies on external SDK. No obfuscated or minified code present. Event handling is straightforward, no malicious hooks evident.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly wraps the Kakao Maps SDK functions, exposing them through classes with promise-based methods. The SDK loading process involves inserting a script tag with a user-provided API key, which could be exploited if API keys are exposed or misused, but this is typical for SDK integrations. No suspicious data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious external network calls are present; all data handling is local or SDK-internal. The overall design is standard for SDK wrappers, with no signs of malware or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Angular wrapper for the Kakao Maps SDK, with no malicious behavior detected. The main security concern is the dynamic loading of external SDK scripts with user-controlled API keys, which is typical but relies on proper API key management. No evidence of malicious code, backdoors, or malware signals. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}