{
  "purpose": "The code provides an Angular-based wrapper for the Kakao Maps JavaScript SDK, enabling integration of Kakao Maps into Angular applications with various map controls, overlays, and services.",
  "sources": "External script injection for loading Kakao SDK, data inputs for map configuration, and method calls for map manipulations and event handling.",
  "sinks": "Network requests initiated via script injection, possibly unsafe data handling in map configuration, and event handlers which could be exploited if misused.",
  "flows": "Loading script from external URL -> initializing map with configuration -> event handling and control manipulation -> potential data flow from external script to internal handlers.",
  "anomalies": "Dynamic script injection is managed properly with polling to ensure kakao object availability. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. Event listener management is standard. No evidence of hidden backdoors, obfuscated code, or malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a comprehensive Angular wrapper around the Kakao Maps SDK, with methods for initializing the map, configuring controls, overlays, and event handling. The script injection method 'setKakaoHeader' appends an external script URL with the API key. This process appears to be standard SDK loading practice. Map and overlay classes utilize promise-based async patterns for operations, and all external interactions seem contained within expected SDK usage. No hardcoded sensitive data, suspicious network activity, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code appears to be a straightforward SDK wrapper with no malicious behavior. The structure and style do not indicate obfuscation or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard Angular wrapper for the Kakao Maps SDK, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It correctly loads the SDK, manages map and overlay objects, and handles events securely. The dynamic script injection is appropriate for SDK loading, with polling to confirm SDK readiness. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}