{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a JavaScript-based interactive SVG viewer with functionalities like panning, zooming, and keyboard shortcuts. It provides event handling for user interactions within an SVG container.",
  "sources": "User input via mouse events, keyboard events, and DOM element attributes (e.g., getAttribute calls).",
  "sinks": "Manipulation of DOM elements (e.g., style, attributes), event dispatching, network requests, or other side effects are not directly observed.",
  "flows": "Input events (mouse, keyboard) trigger event handlers that modify visual properties (e.g., transform, cursor style) or internal state, which then update the rendering via requestAnimationFrame.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. No evidence of data exfiltration, network connections, or system sabotage. The hotkeys library is a standard open-source utility included for shortcut handling. Code structure and variable usage are consistent with a UI interaction module.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for event handling, drag-and-zoom mechanics, keyboard shortcuts, and SVG interaction. It uses standard DOM APIs, event listeners, and a third-party hotkeys library for keyboard shortcuts. No network activity or malicious system commands are present. No obfuscated or misleading code features are detected. The inclusion of hotkeys.js is standard for shortcut management and does not indicate malicious intent. The code operates solely within the client-side DOM and event ecosystem, with no signs of malicious payloads or sabotage activities.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical implementation of an SVG viewer with interactive features such as zoom, pan, and keyboard shortcuts. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. The code is well-structured, uses standard libraries, and performs expected functionalities without suspicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}