{
  "purpose": "This code appears to implement a modular JavaScript library for handling SVG interactions, including dragging, zooming, keyboard shortcuts, and event management, primarily for graphical interfaces and user interaction enhancements.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from user events such as keyboard presses, mouse movements, and DOM element attributes.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulations, event listeners, and creation of SVG elements, which could be misused for malicious UI manipulation or data exfiltration if combined with malicious external inputs.",
  "flows": "User inputs (keyboard/mouse events) are captured as sources, processed, and may trigger DOM updates or event dispatches. SVG manipulation functions transform or create elements based on user interactions. Keyboard shortcuts may invoke functions that alter scale and position states.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive event handling and dynamic SVG element creation, but no hardcoded credentials, network activity, or obfuscated code. No unusual or suspicious code structures are evident; the functions are typical for interaction libraries. No hidden backdoors or malicious payloads are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code provides modules for drag, zoom, and keyboard shortcut handling, primarily for SVG elements. It employs standard event listeners for user input and manipulates DOM elements accordingly. There is no evidence of data leakage, network communication, or code that would perform malicious actions. The code structure is modular and uses common practices, with no signs of obfuscation or malware. It appears to be a well-structured user interaction library without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate interaction library for SVG and user inputs, with no detectable malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or network exfiltration mechanisms. The risk level is very low based on this analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}