{
  "purpose": "The code provides modules for handling event interactions, drag-and-zoom functionalities, keyboard shortcuts, and overall setup for an SVG or graphical interface with user interaction capabilities.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from user interactions such as keyboard events, mouse events (mousedown, mousemove, mouseup), and wheel events. Accesses DOM elements to manipulate SVG elements and document event listeners.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates SVG elements via DOM methods (setAttribute, appendChild, remove, cloneNode), adds event listeners, prevents default behaviors, and updates style and transformation properties. Listens for specific keyboard shortcuts and mouse actions to modify the interface.",
  "flows": "Event handlers (keydown, mousemove, mousedown, mouseup, wheel) process user inputs and update state variables (scale, xoff, yoff). Event listeners invoke functions that modify DOM elements (SVG shapes, cursor styles). Keyboard shortcuts trigger transformations like zoom and pan. All these data flows originate from user inputs and lead to DOM modifications.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behavior is detected. The code predominantly involves event handling and SVG manipulation without suspicious activity. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution mechanisms that could hide malicious intent are present. The hotkeys library is used for keyboard shortcuts, which is standard. No signs of data leakage, system compromise, or unauthorized system access.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily comprises event handling for user interactions, including drag, zoom, and keyboard shortcuts. It uses standard DOM APIs and third-party hotkeys library for shortcuts. The functions appear to implement common UI behaviors such as panning, zooming, and drawing rectangles on SVG. No network activity, system commands, or data exfiltration routines are present. No hardcoded secrets, eval, or dynamic code execution that could indicate malicious behavior. The code structure and content are typical for an interactive SVG-based interface.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code implements standard UI interaction features without any indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It primarily manages event listeners and DOM manipulations for a graphical interface. No malware, data leaks, or security risks are detected in this review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}