{
  "purpose": "This code provides a customizable Bootstrap 4 modal dialog utility for dynamic creation and management of modal windows in web applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options from user inputs via the 'options' parameter and generates DOM elements dynamically; it also reads external dependencies such as 'jquery' and 'bootstrap'.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation functions, event handlers for modal actions, and dynamically generated buttons with attached click event functions. No data leaks or external data transmissions are evident.",
  "flows": "Input options (title, message, buttons, types, sizes, callbacks) are used to generate modal HTML elements; event handlers for open, close, and button actions are set up; timeouts for auto-destruction and auto-hiding are configured based on options.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are present. The code appears to be a straightforward utility library for modal dialogs. The 'uniqid' function uses 'Math.random()', which is not cryptographically secure but not inherently malicious. No obfuscated code, external network connections, or malicious system manipulations are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is well-structured, using standard JavaScript and jQuery to create Bootstrap modals dynamically. It provides configurable options for modal appearance and behavior, including button actions, time-based auto-close, and event callbacks. The use of 'Math.random()' in 'uniqid' is typical for generating unique IDs in such contexts. No external or hidden network activity, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. All data handling appears confined within the DOM, with no signs of malicious data leaks or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a modal dialog utility for Bootstrap 4, with no evidence of malicious intent or harmful behavior. It is a standard implementation for UI purposes without security risks or malware. It should be considered safe under typical usage scenarios.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}