{
  "purpose": "Provides a customizable Bootstrap 4 modal dialog component with options for styling, size, content, buttons, and behaviors such as auto-destruction and timed auto-close.",
  "sources": "Reads input from function parameters such as 'options', including 'title', 'message', 'buttons', and callback functions like 'open' and 'close'. Also reads DOM elements during dialog creation.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM elements to display modal content, adds event handlers to buttons and modal lifecycle events, and appends HTML to the document body.",
  "flows": "Input options are used to construct DOM elements and event handlers. User-defined button actions are bound to click events, and open/close callbacks are invoked on modal show/hide. Timed auto-close triggers hide after specified duration.",
  "anomalies": "Uses a custom UUID generator with Math.random() for ID creation, which is not cryptographically secure but not inherently malicious. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. No evidence of data leakage, network connections, or malicious code. No obfuscation or uncommon language features. The code appears to be a standard Bootstrap modal wrapper with customizable options.",
  "analysis": "The script implements a Bootstrap 4 modal dialog component with flexible options for styling, content, and behavior. It constructs HTML dynamically based on provided options, binds user-defined actions to buttons, and manages modal lifecycle events. The UUID generation uses Math.random(), which is typical for non-security-critical IDs and poses no malicious threat. The code avoids dangerous operations such as network requests, file modifications, or data exfiltration. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are evident. The script adheres to standard practices for UI component development and does not contain malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a standard, customizable Bootstrap modal dialog component without any signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It securely handles user interactions and manages DOM elements without executing any harmful operations. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}