{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript library for creating and displaying Bootstrap 4 modal dialogs with customizable options such as title, message, type, size, and buttons.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from options parameters, including title, message, buttons, and optional callbacks (open, close). Generates a unique ID for modal instances.",
  "sinks": "Injects HTML into DOM, appends modal elements, and binds event handlers for buttons and modal events. Uses jQuery and Bootstrap modal methods.",
  "flows": "Input options → HTML string creation → DOM insertion → setting content and styles → event binding → modal display and auto-destruction based on options.",
  "anomalies": "The uniqid function generates UUIDs using Math.random(), which is not cryptographically secure, but this is not inherently malicious. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious domain/network activity present. No obfuscated code or hidden functions detected. Error handling is basic but standard. No external or hidden network activity or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes a Bootstrap modal with customizable options, including styles, content, and callbacks. It safely appends HTML elements, sets content, and binds event handlers for open and close events. It includes a unique ID generator based on Math.random(), which is acceptable for non-security-critical purposes. No suspicious network requests, code injections, or backdoors are present. The code primarily manipulates DOM elements and relies on external libraries (jQuery and Bootstrap). All code appears to be standard modal management with no malicious intent or malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign Bootstrap modal dialog utility with no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It provides configurable modal dialogs using common practices and external libraries. No malicious signals or anomalies are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}