{
  "purpose": "The code provides a JavaScript module for creating and displaying customizable Bootstrap 4 modals, including options for styling, content, and behavior.",
  "sources": "Reads input from options parameters, including title, message, buttons, and configuration settings. Also reads external dependencies via require and global jQuery.",
  "sinks": "Uses jQuery and Bootstrap modal methods to manipulate DOM elements and display dialogs. Appends HTML to the document body and binds event handlers to DOM elements.",
  "flows": "Inputs (options) are used to generate modal HTML structure, which is appended to DOM. Event handlers are bound to modal events for open, close, and auto-destruction. Buttons are dynamically created and bound with specified actions.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors detected. No obfuscated code or suspicious network activity. The uniqid function generates UUIDs using Math.random(), which is generally acceptable for this purpose, but not cryptographically secure. No data leaks, external network connections, or malicious payloads observed.",
  "analysis": "The script dynamically generates Bootstrap modals based on provided options, handling styling, content, and button actions. It uses standard jQuery and Bootstrap modal APIs, with event binding for open and close events. The uniqid function produces unique IDs using Math.random(), which is safe for DOM element identification but not cryptographically secure. There is no evidence of malicious code such as data exfiltration, network connections, or backdoors. The code is well-structured and does not contain obfuscation or suspicious patterns. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate UI component library without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript module provides a configurable Bootstrap 4 modal dialog implementation with no evident malicious behavior or security risks. It relies on standard libraries and practices, with no suspicious external network activity or hidden functionalities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}