{
  "purpose": "This code manages dark mode settings by detecting user preferences, system settings, and persisting state across sessions. It provides functions to toggle, enable, and disable dark mode, and responds to system theme changes.",
  "sources": "Reads from system media query '(prefers-color-scheme: dark)', local storage (via persisted state), and DOM elements (class list and document body). It also reads environment variables (global object) for configuration.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM classes for dark/light mode, potentially affecting UI presentation. Uses event listeners to respond to system theme changes. Uses persisted state to save user preferences.",
  "flows": "Source: System media query or persisted storage → sink: DOM class list modifications or class toggling → persistent storage update (if applicable).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network calls. Uses dynamic media query handling and persisted state. The code dynamically adds/removes CSS classes based on user/system preference without unusual patterns. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns detected. Uses external libraries appropriately.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes by importing React and event handling libraries. It defines utility functions to handle environment detection and persisted state. It sets up media query listeners for '(prefers-color-scheme: dark)' and updates DOM classes accordingly. The event listeners and state hooks are used in a standard manner for theme toggling. There is no evidence of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, network calls to suspicious domains, or backdoors. The use of environment variables and DOM manipulation appears legitimate for theme management. No hardcoded secrets or malicious logic identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a typical dark mode toggle with system preference detection and persistence. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks in this fragment. It appears safe and aligned with standard UI handling practices.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}