{
  "purpose": "The code functions as a comprehensive SVG path parser and transformer, handling command parsing, coordinate transformations (including matrix operations), normalization, and serialization. It relies on external utility modules ('utils', 'matrix') for mathematical operations and curve calculations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from SVG path strings, command characters, and parameters within those strings. It also accesses external modules for matrix operations and curve calculations.",
  "sinks": "No network requests, file I/O, or system modifications are present. Data flows are internal, involving parsing, coordinate transformations, and normalization of SVG path commands.",
  "flows": "Input SVG path string → parsing into command and parameters → applying transformations (matrix, translate, scale, rotate, skew) → coordinate calculations → normalization and serialization → output segments.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious patterns, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code behaviors are detected. Unicode space handling and command parsing are standard and benign.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured SVG path parser and transformer, utilizing standard parsing techniques, external math utilities, and matrix operations. It handles various SVG commands, including arcs, curves, and transformations, with attention to Unicode spaces and command case sensitivity. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or malicious payloads are present. External modules are assumed to be standard math utilities. The code does not contain obfuscation or suspicious patterns. The detailed command handling and transformations are consistent with legitimate SVG processing libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-implemented SVG path parser and transformer with no malicious, sabotage, or obfuscated behavior. All evidence points to it being a standard utility for SVG path processing, with no security concerns.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}