{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Node-RED module for wake word detection using a child process to run an external engine, handling input audio data streams, managing states, and providing control commands for starting, stopping, and pausing the detection process.",
  "sources": "Input messages through Node-RED, particularly message properties specified by config.inputProp and control commands through msg.controlProp.",
  "sinks": "Interaction with external process via spawn, writing to the child's stdin, and handling data from stderr and stdout. Also, setting node status indicators.",
  "flows": "Input messages are processed to control the wake word detection process (start, stop, pause, resume) and to forward audio data chunks to the external engine. Data from stdout is used to perform threshold-based detection. Control commands and data flow from message properties to process control and external engine communication.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code. The code manages subprocesses carefully, includes standard error handling, and maintains state with timers and flags. The code appears consistent with typical wake word detection implementations. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a Node-RED node that spawns an external wake word detection engine as a child process, passing model and engine paths. It manages process lifecycle, including start, stop, pause, and forward commands, based on incoming messages. Data from stdout is interpreted as numeric thresholds for wake word detection, with thresholds managed via rolling averages. The code handles errors from the process stderr, and maintains status indicators with timers. All subprocess interactions and message property accesses appear straightforward and typical for such applications. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, malicious code execution, or hidden backdoors. It functions primarily as a process wrapper and state machine for wake word detection.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a standard wake word detection node for Node-RED, managing an external engine process and handling input/output appropriately. No malicious behavior or sabotage signs are evident. It appears to be a legitimate implementation for its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}