{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Node-RED module that manages a wake word detection engine, spawning child processes to run external wake word detection models and handling input streams to trigger detection events.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration properties (modelPath, enginePath, controlProp, inputProp), reads data from msg object properties, and receives Buffer chunks from input streams.",
  "sinks": "Spawns child processes for wake word detection, writes data chunks to the process stdin, logs errors and warnings, and updates node status indicators.",
  "flows": "Input data (buffers or control commands) are used to control the process (start, stop, pause, forward). Audio data chunks are written to the spawned process's stdin. Output from the process's stdout is parsed for detection scores, which trigger node outputs and status updates.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no obfuscated code or malicious system commands; process spawn is based on user-supplied paths; no network connections or data exfiltration observed. The code appears to perform expected wake word detection handling.",
  "analysis": "The code manages a child process running an external wake word detection engine, feeding it audio chunks, and processing detection results. It uses standard Node.js modules (child_process, fs) and handles process errors and output. No suspicious or malicious system commands, network activity, or data leaks are evident. Control commands are received via message properties, and data is written directly to the process's stdin. Status updates inform users of the current state. The process spawn uses paths from configuration, but there is no indication of malicious behavior. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Node-RED wrapper for an external wake word engine, with no signs of malicious intent or malicious behaviors. It manages child processes and handles data flow securely within its scope.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}