{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Node-RED custom node for wake-word detection using an external process, managing audio data streams, and controlling detection states.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration properties (modelPath, enginePath, controlProp, inputProp), reads data from external process stdout, stderr, and error events, and processes incoming messages and chunks.",
  "sinks": "Potentially writes to external process stdin, logs errors, and updates node status; sends messages with detection info.",
  "flows": "Input message triggers data write or process control commands; stdout data from external process triggers threshold-based detection; error streams and process close events trigger status updates.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Uses child_process spawn with paths from configuration, which could be risky if user inputs are not validated, but no direct malicious behavior observed. No suspicious domain connections or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a wake-word detection node that manages an external process (spawned via child_process). It reads configuration paths and checks for their existence, ensuring the process is started only with valid paths. The process's stdout provides detection signals processed via threshold logic, and errors are logged. The node responds to various control commands like stop, listen, pause, and forward, manipulating internal flags. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious network activity detected. The code's structure appears standard for such a node, with no obfuscated or malicious segments. The only potential concern is reliance on external paths and process handling, but these are configurable and not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of a wake-word detection node for Node-RED, with standard process management and message handling. No malicious intent or behavior is evident. The only minor concern is the dependency on external executable paths, which should be validated, but no malicious behavior is present in this code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}