{
  "purpose": "This code implements a signature drawing library with support for various input methods (mouse, touch, pointer) and can export the signature as an image or SVG. It is intended for capturing user signatures in a web application.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from DOM events such as mouse, touch, and pointer events; reads canvas size and properties; reads configuration options including colors and dimensions; reads data URLs for image loading.",
  "sinks": "Uses canvas API for rendering; exports data URLs for images; generates SVG markup for signatures; calls user-provided callbacks on start/end events.",
  "flows": "Input events (mouse/touch/pointer) → stroke methods → drawing functions (curves, dots) → data storage and export functions (toDataURL, toSVG). User callbacks and data callbacks are invoked during input.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code or hardcoded secrets. The code appears standard for a signature pad implementation. No network requests, file system access, or suspicious dynamic code execution are present. The code includes license and copyright notices but no obfuscated or malicious patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a signature capturing library, supporting various input methods and exporting the captured signature data. It uses well-known algorithms for Bezier curves and throttle control for performance. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or system manipulation. The event handlers and drawing routines are standard. The license notices are legitimate, and no external network calls or suspicious code snippets are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, open-source signature capture library with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It functions as expected for its purpose without performing any unauthorized actions or data leaks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}