{
  "purpose": "Webpack loader that reports dependencies, executes input code to obtain a stylesheet object, processes it with jss-lite, and exports it as a string.",
  "sources": "Input data passed to this.exec; dependencies listed via require-list based on this.resourcePath.",
  "sinks": "Execution of this.exec(input), deletion from require.cache, exporting processed stylesheet string.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into this.exec, dependencies are reported and then deleted from cache, stylesheet object is processed and exported.",
  "anomalies": "Use of this.exec on untrusted input without validation; cache deletion could be exploited if dependencies are malicious; no validation or sanitization of stylesheet data.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically loads dependencies, executes input code to retrieve a stylesheet object, clears dependencies from require.cache, processes the stylesheet with jss-lite, and exports it as a string. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or network activity are present. The main security concern is executing untrusted input via this.exec and manipulating require.cache, which could be exploited if inputs or dependencies are malicious. The code is straightforward and typical for build tools, with risks mainly if inputs are untrusted. No malicious code or backdoors are detected. The malware scores are 0, and obfuscation scores are 0, aligning with the analysis. The security risk scores range from 0.2 to 0.4, reflecting moderate concern due to dynamic execution and cache operations, but no active malicious activity. Proper validation of inputs and cautious dependency management are recommended to mitigate potential risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Webpack loader with some risky operations involving execution of untrusted input and cache clearing. There is no evidence of malicious code or malware. The overall security risk is moderate, primarily due to the potential for exploitation if inputs or dependencies are compromised. The scores assigned in the reports are consistent and appropriate. Use with trusted inputs and validated dependencies is advised.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}