{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to create an interactive tree visualization using D3.js, allowing zooming, panning, node collapsing/expanding, and tooltips.",
  "sources": "Inputs include DOMNode parameter for rendering target, options parameter for configuration, and data derived from nextState or tree structures. Data is processed via map2tree or directly used if provided.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts primarily with the DOM (creating SVG elements, nodes, links), uses event handlers (click, mouseover, mouseout), and applies styles. It does not write to files, send data over network, or execute external commands.",
  "flows": "Input data is processed into a hierarchical structure, which is then used to generate nodes and links with D3's layout. Event handlers (clicks, hovers) modify visualization states. Transitions animate node/link movements based on user interaction.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden code are evident. No obfuscated code, malicious network requests, or system modifications are present. The code primarily performs data visualization and UI interactions.",
  "analysis": "The script imports standard libraries and a tooltip utility, then merges default options with user-supplied configurations. It sets up an SVG element with zoom capabilities, computes node positions with D3's tree layout, and manages node/link creation and transitions with standard D3 patterns. Event handlers enable collapsing/expanding nodes and showing tooltips. The code maintains previous node positions for smooth animations. No external data is fetched or sent, and no code appears to execute commands or access sensitive system information. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate visualization component with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard D3.js visualization implementation for hierarchical data, with no malicious behavior detected. It employs common patterns for UI interaction and animation, and no suspicious activities are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}