{
  "purpose": "This code implements a client for interacting with a cryptocurrency exchange API, handling request signing, header creation, and various API calls such as balance inquiry, wallet info, trade listing, viewing, cancellation, and addition.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters (e.g., nonce, pair, orderid, amount, price, type) and external modules ('constant', 'error_reason', 'req_public'). It also reads the secret key and API key provided during initialization.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows include the generated request payloads ('poststring') which are sent over the network via 'lp.req'. The request signing involves cryptographic functions, but no untrusted data is directly executed or stored locally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through functions like createPostParam and createPostOption, which generate the request payloads and signatures, then are sent via 'lp.req'. The response is parsed and checked for 'result' flags, with error handling based on response content.",
  "anomalies": "The only notable anomaly is the use of MD5 hashing ('md5(secret_key)') for deriving the internal 'skey', which is cryptographically insecure but not malicious. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs API requests with proper signing using HMAC SHA-256, manages nonces, and handles responses appropriately. The use of MD5 for hashing the secret key is a cryptographic weakness but does not indicate malicious intent. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, or malicious payloads are detected. The structure is straightforward, and the code adheres to standard practices for API clients.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard API client for a cryptocurrency exchange. It does not contain malware, obfuscation, or malicious behavior. The primary concern is the cryptographic weakness due to MD5 hashing of the secret key, which should be replaced with a stronger hash function for security best practices. Overall, the code appears safe and trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}