{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WebSocket client for trading activities, including functions for retrieving tick history, managing portfolio proposals, and executing buy orders. It communicates with a trading server via JSON messages over WebSocket.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as symbols, contract_id, stake, contract type, duration, currency, and style are used to construct messages sent through the WebSocket connection.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the WebSocket server, where JSON messages are transmitted. No other external or system resource sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into JSON message objects within methods like spot() and buy(), which are then serialized and sent via ws.send(). The server responses are received over the WebSocket connection, but no further data flows are evident in the static code.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains heavily obfuscated segments involving eval() and string decoding functions, including base64 decoding and dynamic code execution. The obfuscation appears designed to conceal the actual payload or logic.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a WebSocket client for trading, with input parameters forming messages sent to a server. The presence of obfuscated code using eval() and string decoding functions is a significant anomaly, as such techniques are commonly used to hide malicious payloads or backdoors. No explicit malicious commands, system modifications, or data exfiltration are visible in the static code. The obfuscation raises suspicion but does not confirm malicious activity without further dynamic analysis or deobfuscation. The use of eval() and encoded strings suggests potential concealment of malicious behavior, warranting caution.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a trading WebSocket client with heavily obfuscated segments that could conceal malicious payloads. While no direct malicious activity is confirmed, the obfuscation and dynamic code execution techniques are red flags. It is recommended to deobfuscate the code further and perform runtime analysis before deployment or use. The overall security risk is elevated due to the obfuscation, and the malware likelihood is moderate to high, with a score of 0.75 reflecting the suspicion.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0.75,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}