{
  "purpose": "This code implements a PassportScorer class that utilizes external passport SDKs to fetch, verify, and score passport data based on certain criteria, for use in identity verification processes.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters (address, passport, additionalStampChecks), and fetches passport data via this._reader.getPassport(address).",
  "sinks": "Uses external SDK methods (passport_sdk_reader_1.PassportReader and passport_sdk_verifier_1.PassportVerifier) which may perform network requests. The only data being sent externally are the address and passport record, with verification results used internally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and passport data fetched via SDK into verification functions, then into scoring logic, ultimately returning a numerical score.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code. Uses external SDKs designed for passport verification. No obfuscated code or unusual language features observed. No network calls or data exfiltration beyond SDK functions. No cryptomining, reverse shells, or malicious system modifications detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation that fetches passport data from an external service, verifies the passport, and calculates a score based on specific criteria. It relies on external SDKs to handle passport verification, which is standard for such applications. The data flow appears normal, and no suspicious or malicious code patterns are present. The only external interactions are with SDKs that are presumed trustworthy for passport validation. There are no signs of malware or malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden network activities within this code.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a passport scoring mechanism leveraging third-party SDKs. No malicious activity, suspicious anomalies, or security risks are evident. The usage is aligned with typical identity verification workflows.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}