{
  "purpose": "The code implements a PassportScorer class that retrieves and verifies a user's passport data using external SDKs, and then calculates a score based on certain criteria.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the 'address' and 'passport' parameters in getScore method, as well as environment variables or parameters passed to constructor (e.g., URL, network).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are network calls via the PassportReader and PassportVerifier SDKs that fetch and verify passport data, which could be exploited if malicious SDKs are used or if inputs are manipulated.",
  "flows": "The code fetches passport data from external services, verifies passports through SDKs, processes stamp data, and calculates a score. Data flows from input parameters to external SDK calls and then to internal processing and output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. Usage of well-named SDKs for passport verification appears standard. No obfuscated code or unusual language features identified.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes SDK objects with configurable URL and network parameters, then retrieves passport data if not provided, verifies passport authenticity via SDK, and processes stamp data to compute a score. All external interactions are through SDKs designed for passport verification. The code structure and flow seem straightforward. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors. The reliance on third-party SDKs appears standard and does not indicate tampering. No anomalous or suspicious patterns detected in input handling, external calls, or processing logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a passport scoring system relying on external SDKs for data retrieval and verification. No malicious intent or security risks are evident within this code snippet. It functions as expected for its purpose without suspicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}