{
  "purpose": "This code implements a decoder for object detection results, specifically parsing and filtering bounding box data from a neural network output, and applying non-maximum suppression to produce final detection results.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'result' parameter in the '_getBoxes' method and the 'result' input to 'decode', which are tensors representing model output. Configuration parameters such as 'scoreThresh' and 'overlapThresh' are also sourced from options. No external input sources or environment variables are directly read.",
  "sinks": "Processed data is used internally for filtering and computation. The code does not write untrusted data externally, nor does it send data over networks or write to files. No data leakage points or insecure data handling are evident.",
  "flows": "Input tensors flow into 'decode', are transposed and reshaped, then passed to '_getBoxes'. Filtered and processed bounding boxes are returned after non-maximum suppression. No external or malicious data flow is present.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward and follows typical object detection decoding logic. No suspicious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code constructs are present. All functions perform standard mathematical operations without obfuscation. No dynamic code execution or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code reads detection results from a tensor, processes it to extract bounding boxes with confidence scores, and applies non-maximum suppression based on IoU thresholds. It uses standard sigmoid and exponential functions, with no indications of malicious data handling or obfuscation. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code are present. The logic is consistent with common object detection post-processing. There are no network calls, file operations, or external data exfiltration. The code appears purely functional and for legitimate purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs typical object detection decoding and filtering without any signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It operates solely on provided tensor data and does not include any suspicious network or system interactions. Overall, it is a benign implementation of a common decoding algorithm.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}