{
  "purpose": "The code implements a decoder for object detection results, converting raw model output into bounding boxes with confidence scores and applying non-maximum suppression to filter overlapping boxes.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from the 'result' parameter passed to 'decode', which contains model output; reads configuration parameters like 'scoreThresh' and 'overlapThresh' from options; uses 'originalShape' for scaling calculations.",
  "sinks": "No evident sinks that handle untrusted input data directly; the code does not send data over the network, write to files, or execute external commands.",
  "flows": "Processes 'result' tensor through transformation and reshaping, then extracts bounding boxes and scores, filters by thresholds, computes IoU for suppression, and returns filtered boxes. No external data flow or command execution observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures. The code utilizes standard mathematical functions and array manipulations. No unusual or malicious behavior detected. No obfuscation or code that dynamically executes untrusted code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical implementation of a post-processing step for object detection models, converting raw neural network outputs into human-interpretable bounding boxes. It performs data transformations, scoring, and suppression using common techniques. No signs of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, network communication, or backdoor logic are present. The use of external libraries ('numjs' and 'lodash') is standard, and the code does not include any hidden or suspicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate component for object detection post-processing. It contains no malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. It solely performs mathematical computations and filtering on model output data. No malware or security vulnerabilities are evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}