{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to load, process, and generate watermarked images, including conversion to data URLs, blobs, and images, with resource management via a canvas pool.",
  "sources": "Resources are loaded via the 'load' function, which accepts URLs, Files, or Image objects. The 'load' method internally calls the 'load' function imported from './image'. Data flows from these sources into canvas elements, then into data URLs, blobs, or images.",
  "sinks": "The main sinks involve converting canvas elements to data URLs, blobs, and images, and releasing canvases back to the pool. No external network transmission, system modifications, or data exfiltration occurs within this code.",
  "flows": "Sources (resources) are loaded into images or canvases; these are then processed and drawn via 'style.result'. The results are converted into data URLs, blobs, or images, then resources (sources) are released from the pool. Promise chaining ensures proper asynchronous flow.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are evident. The code uses standard resource loading, canvas manipulation, and image processing functions. No suspicious dynamic code execution, network communication, or privacy-invasive operations are present.",
  "analysis": "The code focuses on image processing, resource management, and image output generation. It utilizes imported modules for image loading, canvas mapping, and styling, all standard for client-side image manipulation. The resource loading appears controlled, with no signs of data exfiltration or malicious network activity. The release of canvases back to the pool is typical for performance optimization. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are present. All operations are confined to local image processing and canvas management, with no external data leaks or harmful behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard image processing utility designed for watermarking and image output generation. It exhibits no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The resource management, data handling, and output functions are typical for such applications. Overall, it appears safe and free of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}