{
  "purpose": "The code implements an HTTP proxy server with throttling capabilities and pattern-based request filtering using wildcards.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from incoming HTTP requests and request URLs, headers, and patterns provided via function parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code sends data through proxy requests and responses, potentially affecting network traffic. It also uses request URL data for pattern matching.",
  "flows": "Input data from request URL and headers are used to configure proxy request options. The request URL is tested against patterns to decide whether to throttle. Data flows from incoming requests to proxy requests and from proxy responses to the client, with optional throttling.",
  "anomalies": "The pattern processing function converts wildcards into RegEx without sanitization, but no obvious malicious intent. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures. No code injection or external malicious calls are evident. Error handling is minimal but standard. The code appears structured and legitimate for a proxy server.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for wildcard pattern matching and constructs an HTTP proxy server that can throttle incoming and outgoing traffic based on pattern matching. The pattern processing is straightforward and converts wildcards into regex patterns without dangerous operations. The request handling logic correctly manages proxy requests and responses, with optional throttling based on pattern matching. No external or hidden network activity is present. The code does not include obfuscated or suspicious constructs. Overall, it performs legitimate proxy functions with configurable throttling and pattern filtering, with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of an HTTP proxy with throttling and pattern filtering features. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, malware, or security risks based on analysis. The code is clean, well-structured, and focused on proxy functionality without suspicious operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}