{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React Native camera component with native module integration, barcode scanning, and camera controls.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from component props, native module constants, and event listeners for barcode data and preview load events.",
  "sinks": "Native module methods such as capture, stopCapture, hasFlash, and event listeners that could potentially process untrusted data or trigger native actions.",
  "flows": "Props like captureMode, captureTarget, and event data like barcode read events flow from user-supplied inputs to native module invocations and event callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code. The code relies on native modules and event emitters, which is typical for React Native camera components. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are present. Event listeners are properly added and removed.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a React Native camera component with extensive configuration options, handling native module interactions and event subscriptions. It converts string props to constants, manages event listeners for barcode reads and preview loaded events, and ensures cleanup on unmount. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, hidden network connections, or backdoors are evident. The use of native modules appears legitimate and standard for camera functionality. The code does not include any malicious payloads, suspicious data flows, or unusual code constructs. It appears to be a standard, well-structured React Native camera component with proper event and resource management.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate React Native camera component with no detectable malicious behavior. It manages native camera interactions and event listeners securely. There is no evidence of malware, data leakage, or security risks within this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}