{
  "purpose": "Initialization and configuration of KeystoneJS framework, including environment variable setup, middleware, and core functions.",
  "sources": "Environment variables for secrets and configuration, filesystem reads for module imports, require() calls for dependencies.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks indicating data leaks or malicious actions; standard module loading and environment variable usage.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and require() calls supply configuration data; no suspicious data flow detected.",
  "anomalies": "Use of environment variables for sensitive secrets like SSL keys, API keys, and cloud credentials; dynamic require() calls for modules, which could be risky if filesystem is compromised, but are standard practices.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical server framework initialization script for KeystoneJS. It relies on environment variables for configuration, including secrets, which is common but requires secure management. No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The environment variables are external inputs, not hardcoded secrets. The dynamic require() calls are standard for plugin systems and do not indicate malicious intent unless the filesystem is compromised. The code is clear, well-structured, and free of obfuscation. The malware score is 0, consistent with the absence of malicious behavior. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is readable and straightforward. The security risk score is around 0.3, reflecting the handling of secrets via environment variables, which warrants caution but is a common practice.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard KeystoneJS initialization script with no signs of malicious activity or malware. The use of environment variables for secrets is typical but should be managed securely. The scores are appropriate and consistent with the code's content. Overall, the code appears safe and free of malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}