{
  "purpose": "The code appears to perform financial calculations and risk assessments based on input data, generating various financial indicators and ratings.",
  "sources": "Data inputs come from function parameters such as 'data', 'options', and default values. No direct user input or external data sources are explicitly read within the code.",
  "sinks": "Results are returned as objects; no data is written to external systems, files, or network. No unsafe code execution or external calls are observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through multiple calculation functions, aggregating into indicator objects and ratings. No external or untrusted data flows to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The functions follow predictable, straightforward calculations based on input data. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. No code that performs network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive suite of financial calculation functions intended for assessing company financial health and credit ratings. It employs standard mathematical operations and logical checks. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as code injection, data leakage, or unauthorized system access. All operations are deterministic and based solely on provided data inputs, with no external side effects. The use of 'window.module' and 'module.exports' suggests intended modular use, typical for JavaScript libraries, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate financial calculation module with no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs standard computations for financial analysis and risk rating, with no suspicious network activity, backdoors, or malicious data handling observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}