{
  "purpose": "The code performs financial analysis and calculations related to balance sheets, indicators, and credit ratings, likely for financial or risk assessment purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data includes variables such as net_income, gross_revenue, cash_availability, liquid_assets, and other financial metrics; these are read at the start of various functions from the data object parameter.",
  "sinks": "The code processes untrusted input data and computes financial ratios and metrics, which are returned as part of the result objects; no direct data leaks, network calls, or system modifications are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input variables (sources) into multiple calculation functions, producing intermediate and final metrics; these are assembled into output objects for reporting.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns are evident; no hardcoded credentials, network calls, file system operations, or obfuscated code are present. Functionality is consistent with financial computations. There are redundant or inconsistent function definitions (e.g., multiple definitions of calcEbitMargin) but these are benign. Use of placeholder default values and no dynamic code execution reduces suspicion.",
  "analysis": "The script extensively computes financial ratios and metrics using standard mathematical operations, primarily division, addition, and subtraction. Functions check for invalid or zero denominators to prevent errors. There are no network requests, file system manipulations, or system commands. The code appears to be a comprehensive set of financial calculations, suitable for inclusion in a financial analysis tool. No signs of code injection, malicious data exfiltration, or sabotage are found. The presence of duplicate functions with similar names (calcEbitMargin) indicates possible oversight but not malicious intent. The overall structure and content suggest legitimate financial purpose without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of financial calculation functions intended for analysis and rating of financial health. No malicious activity or sabotage indicators are present. It operates solely on input data and produces analytical outputs. The code is transparent and lacks obfuscated or suspicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}