{
  "purpose": "The code performs financial analysis and calculations related to balance sheets, indicators, and credit ratings based on provided financial data.",
  "sources": "Data inputs come from function parameters, such as 'data' objects containing financial metrics. No external data sources or untrusted inputs are explicitly read within the code.",
  "sinks": "Computed results are returned as objects; no direct data leaks, network operations, or file system modifications are present. No insecure data handling is evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into calculations, with no apparent untrusted data sources or injection points; calculations are straightforward transformations of input data.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs are present. The code performs standard mathematical and logical operations with no obfuscated or misleading language features. No dynamic code execution or external resource access detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of numerous financial calculation functions, such as growth, margin, ratio, and rating calculations. All functions operate on provided input data, using standard arithmetic and comparison operations. No signs of malicious intent, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system manipulation, are evident. Functions handle potential invalid input (NaN or zero) gracefully by returning default or empty values. The overall structure is procedural with clear separation of concerns. The 'calculateTheoreticRating' function computes a rating based on internal scoring functions without external dependencies or side effects. The inclusion of a module export pattern suggests it is meant for reuse in a larger application but does not introduce malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive suite of financial analysis functions with no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It appears to be a legitimate financial calculator module. No malware signals or suspicious anomalies were identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}