{
  "purpose": "The code is a Grunt configuration file that automates tasks such as linting JavaScript files, cleaning directories, minifying CSS and HTML files, inlining data into JavaScript and HTML files, and running unit tests.",
  "sources": "Configuration parameters, file patterns, task definitions, and task execution commands within the grunt.initConfig object and grunt task registration.",
  "sinks": "Execution of tasks like 'inlinedata' which reads source files (*.js and *.html) from 'test/fixtures/' and outputs processed files to 'tmp/' directory.",
  "flows": "Source files in 'test/fixtures/' are processed by 'inlinedata' task, which reads *.js and *.html files and outputs inlined versions to 'tmp/', with no direct data flow to other sinks. The 'test' task runs cleanup, minification, inlining, and cleanup again in sequence.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments. All tasks perform standard build automation functions. No code executes untrusted input or network connections. The code strictly uses standard Grunt plugins and configurations.",
  "analysis": "The script configures a set of build tasks using Grunt, a JavaScript task runner. It sets up tasks for linting, cleaning directories, minifying CSS and HTML, inlining data into JavaScript and HTML files, and running tests. The 'inlinedata' task reads source files and outputs processed files, which is a common build step without any suspicious behavior. There is no evidence of malicious code such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code is clean, straightforward, and uses well-known plugins and conventions.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard Grunt build configuration script with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It automates typical build tasks without any suspicious behavior or malicious code. The overall security risk score is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}