{
  "purpose": "This code provides Vue.js components and utility functions related to touch interactions, scroll lock, draggable elements, and custom keyboard interfaces, primarily for UI interactions in a web application.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from event handlers (touch events, pointer events), component props (e.g., 'city', 'defaultLicense'), and DOM element attributes.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include event handlers that modify DOM styles, preventDefault calls, and emit events with user input data. Notably, no direct data leaks or sensitive data handling is evident.",
  "flows": "User interactions (touch, click) trigger event handlers that modify component states and emit events. For example, touch events influence scroll locking or component state updates, but no malicious flow is detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code employs standard UI and interaction patterns. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors. Usage of event listeners and style updates appears benign and standard.",
  "analysis": "The code implements Vue.js UI components and interaction logic for touch gestures, draggable elements, and custom keyboard interfaces. Functions like 'useLockScroll' and 'useDraggable' handle user input and scroll management securely. The presence of image assets is static base64 data URLs, not dynamically fetched or suspicious. No obfuscated or misleading code constructs are observed. Event handlers prevent default behaviors and manage component states appropriately. No indications of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior are found. The code appears to follow standard UI interaction practices without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of Vue.js components and utilities designed for UI interaction and control, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It handles user input, touch events, and component states securely and transparently.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}