{
  "purpose": "The code primarily implements Vue.js components and utility functions for UI interactions such as touch handling, scrolling lock, draggable elements, and custom keyboard input components.",
  "sources": "User interactions (touch events, click events), computed properties, event listeners, and external data such as props and imported assets.",
  "sinks": "Event handlers that modify UI state, DOM manipulation via Vue rendering, and network calls are not present; no data leaks or external data transmissions detected.",
  "flows": "Input events (touch, click) lead to internal state updates and UI changes within Vue components; no external data flows or network requests are observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no unusual or suspicious code patterns, hard-coded secrets, or backdoors. All functions perform expected UI or utility roles. Imported assets are base64 images, typical for icons. No obfuscated code or hidden dynamic execution is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code provides standard Vue.js UI utility functions and components. It includes touch gesture handling, scroll locking, draggable elements, and a custom keyboard input component. All event handlers and functions serve legitimate UI functionalities. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network transmission of data, data exfiltration, or backdoor mechanisms. The base64 images are typical icon assets. No suspicious or obfuscated code patterns are present. The structure and content suggest this code is intended for a UI library or application interface with no malware signals.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard Vue.js component library focused on UI interactions, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It contains utility functions, touch handling, scroll locking, draggable components, and a custom keyboard component, all serving legitimate UI purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}