{
  "purpose": "The code defines an ESLint custom rule that checks for cross-browser compatibility issues in JavaScript/TypeScript code by analyzing usage of certain APIs and functions, using the MDN browser-compat-data dataset.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options, imported datasets (@mdn/browser-compat-data, browserslist), and inspects various AST nodes such as MemberExpression, NewExpression, and CallExpression during linting.",
  "sinks": "The code reports compatibility issues through ESLint's context.report method, which outputs messages about unsupported APIs or features in target browsers.",
  "flows": "Input options/configurations -> Analysis of code nodes -> Support data lookup -> Compatibility failure detection -> Reporting via ESLint messages",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The dataset 'bcd' is used for support info, and no external network calls are made during runtime. The code's logic appears straightforward, focused on data lookup and reporting.",
  "analysis": "The script imports datasets and utility modules, processes browser support data, and defines functions to map browser names, evaluate support for APIs, and generate human-readable reports. The core ESLint rule inspects specific AST nodes to identify usage of potentially unsupported features. The code leverages dataset lookups and performs logical checks to identify incompatibilities. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or malicious data handling is detected. The overall structure suggests a static analysis tool intended for code quality enforcement.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a custom ESLint rule aimed at enforcing cross-browser compatibility. It performs data lookups and reports issues accordingly. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data leaks. The dataset usage is safe and appropriate. The code is well-structured for its purpose, with no suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}