{
  "purpose": "The code defines an ESLint rule to enforce cross-browser compatibility by analyzing TypeScript and JavaScript code to detect usage of features that may not be supported across different browsers.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from ESLint context, file AST nodes, and external JSON data (browser-compat-data). Uses imported modules like '@typescript-eslint/utils', '@mdn/browser-compat-data', and 'browserslist'.",
  "sinks": "Generates reports via context.report(), which outputs messages about unsupported features in certain browsers. No other data sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Source: Parsing code and external data (support data, browserslist). Data flows into support checking functions, which determine support status, then flows into report generation if incompatibility is detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behavior observed. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hidden network activity. External datasets (bcd) are static JSON data, not dynamic user input. The code logic appears standard for a linter rule.",
  "analysis": "The code imports static modules for type checking and browser support data. It defines functions to process support data, convert browser names, and check feature support against browser targets. The main logic hooks into ESLint rule lifecycle methods, analyzing MemberExpression, NewExpression, and CallExpression nodes to detect potential compatibility issues. It constructs support data from the '@mdn/browser-compat-data' dataset and generates user-facing messages when incompatible features are used. There is no evidence of malicious code, dynamic data fetching, or obfuscated code. External data and imported modules are used as intended. The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a cross-browser compatibility ESLint plugin.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of an ESLint rule to warn developers about browser compatibility issues. It uses static data and well-known libraries, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The risk is very low, primarily serving a development tooling purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}