{
  "purpose": "This module exports a function that returns a regular expression designed to match emojis and emoji sequences, likely for parsing or filtering emoji characters in text.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external input directly; it defines constants and returns a regex object based on static pattern strings.",
  "sinks": "The generated regex could be used to match and process emoji characters in untrusted input, potentially leading to processing of maliciously crafted emoji sequences if used improperly in downstream applications.",
  "flows": "Input data (user-provided text) could be matched against the regex to extract emoji sequences. If the regex is used in input validation or filtering, malicious emoji sequences might bypass detection if not handled properly.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses Unicode property escapes and raw template strings to build complex emoji matching patterns. No malicious code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious logic are present. The code appears straightforward and solely defines a regex pattern.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a raw string template for complex Unicode emoji matching, including regional indicator symbols, flag sequences, and ZWJ (zero-width joiner) sequences for emojis. It exports a function that returns a RegExp object constructed with this pattern, set to global and Unicode modes. There are no external inputs, no data leaks, and no code injection mechanisms. The pattern is purely for matching emojis, which is common in text processing. No anomalies or suspicious code features are present. The implementation is standard and appears benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility for matching emoji characters using a regular expression. It does not contain malicious behavior, hardcoded secrets, or malware. The logic is straightforward and focused on emoji pattern matching, with no indication of malicious intent or security issues.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}