{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Builder class that loads, compiles, wraps, and manages Dust.js templates within a Grunt build process, allowing for modular template processing and output formatting.",
  "sources": "Reads external Dust template files from disk (e.g., 'amd-wrapper.dust', 'commonjs-wrapper.dust', etc.), reads source templates specified in task files, and reads helper dependencies.",
  "sinks": "Generates compiled templates and wrapper code, which are written back to files specified in the task. Uses dust.render to generate helper/wrapper code, which could potentially include malicious templates if external source files are malicious.",
  "flows": "Reads template source files -> Extracts dependencies via regex -> Resolves dependencies -> Compiles templates with Dust -> Wraps and formats output -> Writes final output to destination files.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments. No dynamic code execution, eval, or network operations present. Uses standard Dust.js rendering functions. No unusual code patterns or obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages template compilation and wrapping, utilizing external files and dynamic source reading. Dependency resolution is performed via simple regex matching. The use of dust.render and file read/write operations is standard for template build systems. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, network communication, or backdoors. The code is well-structured and straightforward, with no suspicious logic or obfuscation. Risk factors are limited to typical template handling processes.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate build utility for Dust.js templates within a Grunt task environment. It does not exhibit malware or malicious intent. No significant security risks or malicious behavior are detected based on static analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}