{
  "purpose": "Generates images from yuml diagram sources using an external command-line tool 'suml' invoked via shell command constructed from user-supplied file paths and options.",
  "sources": "File paths and options provided via 'fileSrc', 'fileDest', and 'options' parameters, used directly in command string construction.",
  "sinks": "Execution of the constructed command via child_process.exec, which runs the 'suml' tool with the assembled command string.",
  "flows": "Input data (file paths and options) flow into command string concatenation, which then flows into execution via exec, potentially leading to command injection if inputs are malicious.",
  "anomalies": "Construction of command string via string concatenation without sanitization or validation, creating a potential command injection vulnerability. No obfuscation or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a shell command by concatenating file paths and options directly into a string, then executes it with child_process.exec. This pattern is vulnerable to command injection if any input (file paths or options) is controlled by an attacker. The code does not sanitize or validate inputs, which could allow malicious inputs to execute arbitrary commands. No malware, backdoors, or malicious payloads are present; the code is a typical build task wrapper. The main security concern is the command injection risk. The malware score is 0, as no malicious activity is evident. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is straightforward. The security risk score should be around 0.6, reflecting moderate to high risk if inputs are untrusted.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a build task that executes an external command with parameters derived from user-controlled inputs without sanitization, leading to a command injection vulnerability. No malware or obfuscation is present. To mitigate risk, input validation or safer API usage is recommended.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}