{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a JavaScript library for creating and manipulating SVG elements and React-like components, intended for rendering graphics and UI elements.",
  "sources": "The code reads static string values, such as SVG namespace URLs and element/tag names. It also reads input data from function parameters, such as attributes, styles, datasets, innerHTML, class names, and children elements. No external or untrusted data sources are explicitly used within the code.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM element creation and attribute setting functions, such as setAttribute, setAttributeNS, and innerHTML, which can be used to inject HTML or set properties that could be exploited if malicious data is passed in. However, since data is supplied via parameters, untrusted input would need to be passed explicitly for exploitation.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function parameters into DOM element attributes and properties, such as styles, dataset entries, innerHTML, class lists, and event handlers. These are set on DOM nodes created within the functions. No external network or system calls are evident, so data flow is confined to DOM manipulation.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes an unusual export pattern with named exports like 'F', 'Fragment', 'createElement', 'h', 'jsx' which are common in JSX transpilation. It does not perform any suspicious or hidden operations, nor does it handle external data or network requests. No hardcoded secrets or malicious behavior are evident. The code is mostly standard for a component rendering library.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes constants for SVG namespace URLs and an array of SVG element names. It defines functions for creating and appending DOM elements, setting attributes, styles, datasets, innerHTML, class lists, and handling component-like structures. The functions use standard DOM APIs without suspicious logic or external dependencies. The export statements suggest it is a module for rendering SVG or React-style components. No signs of malicious code, backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious network activity are present. The structure and content indicate a typical UI rendering library without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard SVG and React component rendering utility. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. The code is clear, uses common APIs, and lacks suspicious patterns or data flows. No malware or security threats are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}