{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions for parsing, normalizing, and converting CSS styles and colors, likely for styling or formatting purposes in a larger application or document processing system.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as color strings, length values, and CSS property values. It also uses regex and dictionary lookups for known color names and length units.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that generate CSS strings, color commands, or style definitions. These outputs could influence styling or formatting in a document rendering context.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (colors, lengths, CSS property strings) through normalization and parsing functions, then into functions that produce CSS strings or commands. No evidence suggests data is forwarded to external or untrusted sources.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard for CSS processing, with comprehensive color and length parsing. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activities. All functions are related to CSS parsing, formatting, and validation. No obfuscated code or hidden dynamic execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a CSS utility module, handling color normalization, length parsing, and CSS property expansion. It uses regex for pattern matching, dictionaries for color name lookups, and functions for conversions. No signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system manipulation are evident. It strictly processes and outputs CSS-related data. The code is well-structured, with no obfuscation, malicious hooks, or suspicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard CSS utility library focused on parsing and formatting CSS properties and colors. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware. Its functions are safe, aimed at styling tasks, with no evidence of data leakage or harmful behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}