{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for CSS normalization, color parsing, length and dimension handling, and CSS value expansion, likely intended for styling or formatting purposes within a larger application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from function parameters, such as color strings, length values, and CSS property values. It also reads from predefined constants like color lists and dictionaries.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that process and output CSS-related strings, which could be used to generate style code or inline styles. No external data sinks like network transmission or file writing are directly evident.",
  "flows": "Input strings such as color names, length values, or CSS expressions are processed through regex matching and normalization functions, then used to generate CSS color codes or dimension strings. These flows are primarily local transformations without external system interaction.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns such as dynamic code execution, network activity, or file system access are present. The code appears to be a standard utility module for CSS processing with no unusual or malicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive collection of CSS parsing and normalization functions, including regex-based parsing of color and length formats, conversion between color representations, and expansion of CSS shorthand properties. It relies on external modules (e.g., std_core, std_regex) for core functionality. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or system sabotage. The code appears to be a legitimate utility library intended for style processing within a larger system. The regex patterns and data handling are straightforward and focused solely on CSS syntax processing.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a non-malicious, utility-focused module for CSS style parsing and normalization. It does not contain any malicious behaviors, backdoors, or suspicious data flows. It appears to be a legitimate part of a styling or formatting system.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}