{
  "purpose": "This code defines a function to scroll a specified DOM element into the center of its container, with options for vertical and horizontal alignment. It supports nested scrolling contexts and uses jQuery for animation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'elem' parameter (DOM element), 'options' object (function options), and the 'container' property or defaults derived from the DOM hierarchy. It accesses element positions and dimensions.",
  "sinks": "The code performs animated scrolling on the container element using jQuery's animate method, which modifies 'scrollTop' and 'scrollLeft' properties. It also potentially calls itself recursively on frame elements, which could influence parent frames if present.",
  "flows": "Input sources (element position, options, container) influence calculations of target scroll positions, which are then used to animate scrolling behavior. If nested frames exist, the function calls itself recursively to center the frame in parent windows.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code uses standard DOM and jQuery functions for scrolling and positioning. Recursive call to 'scrollIntoCenter' on frame elements is standard for nested scrolling but warrants attention.",
  "analysis": "The code calculates scroll positions based on element and container metrics, then animates the scroll to center the element within its container. It checks for container hierarchy and supports nested frames, calling itself recursively for frames. No code injection, network activity, or malicious data handling is present. The code uses common patterns for smooth scrolling. No signs of obfuscation, malware, or malicious behavior are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility for smooth scrolling of elements into view with centering options. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The only notable feature is recursive scrolling for frames, which is a standard technique. Overall, the script is safe and functionally normal.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}