{
  "purpose": "This code detects which CSS transition or animation end events are supported by the browser and provides functions to add or remove event listeners for these end events on DOM nodes.",
  "sources": "The code reads from the 'window' object, 'document.createElement', and DOM nodes passed as parameters to add/remove event listeners.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the addition and removal of event listeners on DOM nodes, which could be misused if malicious code injects event handlers. However, the functions are generic and do not contain malicious payloads themselves.",
  "flows": "The code detects supported events by inspecting style properties and the 'window' object, then uses these supported events to register or deregister event handlers on DOM nodes.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behavior are present. The code dynamically checks support for certain events but does not perform any suspicious network or system activity.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a mapping of transition and animation end events with vendor prefixes. It dynamically tests support for these events by creating a DOM element and inspecting style properties and window object features. Detected supported events are stored in 'endEvents'. The functions 'addEndEventListener' and 'removeEndEventListener' use these events to manage event listeners on DOM nodes. The logic is standard for handling cross-browser CSS animation/transition events. There are no indications of malicious intent, data exfiltration, or malicious code execution. The only dynamic behavior is environment detection for event support, which is benign.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a standard utility for detecting and handling CSS transition and animation end events across browsers. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware, and no security risks are identified. The code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}