{
  "purpose": "This code provides custom Vue.js directives for UI interactions such as image processing, drag-and-drop, file uploads, focus management, and scroll detection.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user interactions (clicks, key presses, drag events, file uploads), DOM elements, and environment variables like window.URL and window.event.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include creation of object URLs from user files, dynamic DOM manipulation, event handlers that could capture or modify data, and setting inline styles based on user interactions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs (file uploads, clicks, key presses) through event handlers to DOM updates, object URL generation, and possibly file conversion, without any external network communication or data exfiltration present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network requests are detected. The code uses standard APIs and Vue directive patterns. The only potential concern is the use of URL.createObjectURL and dynamic DOM manipulations, but these are common for image preview functionalities. No obfuscation or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines Vue directives for UI functionalities, handling user input, drag-and-drop, image processing, and dynamic DOM updates. It employs event listeners, style adjustments, and object URLs for image previews. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network data transmission, system modification, or covert data collection. The file upload and image processing parts are standard and do not contain suspicious data leaks or backdoors. The code's structure and patterns are consistent with typical Vue.js application features. Overall, the code appears to be safe, with no malicious intent or malware identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of Vue.js directives aimed at enhancing UI interactions with standard APIs. It contains no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It appears safe and functional for its intended use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}