{
  "purpose": "This code primarily defines React components, styled-components styles, global styles, and utility functions for a front-end UI framework. It facilitates layout, typography, images, and grid layouts with configurable responsiveness and styling. No explicit functionality for data processing or external communication is present.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (NEXT_PUBLIC_SITEURL, NEXT_PUBLIC_OG_IMAGE, NEXT_PUBLIC_SITENAME, NEXT_PUBLIC_BASE_PATH) for meta tags and URL construction. It also reads component props for styling and layout configurations.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain sinks that process untrusted data directly. The only potentially risky operation is the use of 'dangerouslySetInnerHTML' in the PlainText component, which injects HTML content into the DOM.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data (HTML string via 'text' prop in PlainText) flows from the component prop into 'dangerouslySetInnerHTML', which can cause XSS if the input is malicious. Environment variables are used for metadata but are presumably controlled by the deployment environment. No other data flows to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes an imported license comment from Microsoft and a large, auto-generated style injection function. The usage of 'dangerouslySetInnerHTML' is a potential security concern if the 'text' input is not sanitized, as it can lead to XSS vulnerabilities. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behavior are detected. No suspicious network connections or cryptocurrency mining code are present. The code is heavily based on styling and layout logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of React component definitions, styled-components, and configuration data for a UI framework. It uses environment variables for setting meta tags and constructing URLs, which are standard practice in web apps. The only noteworthy security consideration is the use of 'dangerouslySetInnerHTML' in the PlainText component, which could pose XSS risks if the HTML input is not sanitized before being passed. Other parts of the code involve style injection, layout configuration, and static resource management, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React-based front-end UI library with no malicious intent. The primary security concern is the potential injection of unsafe HTML via 'dangerouslySetInnerHTML'. Proper sanitization should be ensured when using this feature. No signs of malware or sabotage are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}