{
  "purpose": "Generate an XML sitemap from a list of pages, optionally including custom content via a hook function.",
  "sources": "The 'pages' array providing 'loc', 'lastmod', 'changefreq', 'priority', and 'hook'; the 'loc' and 'hook' outputs.",
  "sinks": "The XML output where 'loc', 'lastmod', 'changefreq', 'priority', and 'hook' outputs are embedded, potentially leading to injection if untrusted.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'pages' properties and 'hook' function outputs into the XML string, especially into the <url> elements.",
  "anomalies": "Invocation of 'hook' as a function with 'loc' and direct insertion into XML without sanitization; no input validation or escaping shown.",
  "analysis": "The code generates an XML sitemap by mapping over 'pages' and inserting properties directly into a template. The 'hook' property, if present, is invoked as 'hook(loc)' and its output embedded into the XML. No sanitization or escaping is performed, which could lead to XML injection if 'hook' or 'loc' contain malicious content. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscation or malicious patterns. The primary security concern is the potential for injection via 'hook' if supplied by an untrusted source. Malware and obfuscation scores are appropriately zero. Risk scores range from 0.2 to 0.4, reflecting the potential for injection but no active malicious behavior. To mitigate risks, input sanitization or escaping should be implemented. Overall, the code is benign but should be used with caution regarding untrusted 'hook' functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard sitemap generator with a potential injection risk stemming from the 'hook' function, which is invoked and its output inserted into the XML without sanitization. No malware or obfuscation is present. The main concern is the trustworthiness of 'hook' and 'loc' inputs. Scores are appropriate; I recommend assigning a risk score of 0.3 to reflect the potential for injection if 'hook' is untrusted. Implementing input sanitization would reduce this risk. Overall, the code is safe under controlled conditions but warrants caution if inputs are untrusted.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}