{
  "purpose": "The code manages AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments, performs HTTP checks, and reads log files for testing and deployment purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (ACCESS_KEY_ID, SECRET_ACCESS_KEY), requires credentials module, reads local package.json, and reads log files from disk.",
  "sinks": "AWS SDK calls (describeEnvironments, terminateEnvironment), HTTP GET requests, and file reads.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and required modules provide credentials → AWS SDK configuration → API calls to AWS → HTTP requests to specific URLs → Reading local log files.",
  "anomalies": "Use of environment variables for AWS credentials is typical; no hardcoded secrets. No suspicious or unusual code structures. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors. The terminateEnvironment function includes environment management that could be sensitive, but it's used explicitly for environment cleanup, not malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs AWS environment management, HTTP checks, and log reading for testing. Credentials are sourced either from a local module or environment variables, which is common. The AWS SDK usage appears straightforward and correctly scoped. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious network activity are present. No suspicious code patterns, obfuscated code, or unusual dynamic execution. The environment termination logic could be risky if misused but is explicitly for environment cleanup. Overall, the code operates within expected testing and deployment patterns with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard deployment and testing utility with no evidence of malicious behavior or supply chain security issues. It handles credentials securely (via environment variables or external module), performs AWS environment management, and reads logs. No malware, backdoors, or security risks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}