{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript class for creating a BSpline Artificial Neural Network with customizable layers, activation functions, and learning capabilities.",
  "sources": "Reads include module imports (require statements), input parameters (inputsNumber, splineVectors, outputsNumber, learnRate), and external dependencies such as lodash. Data flows from input parameters through network layer construction to activation and propagation methods.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the methods 'activate' and 'propagate' which process inputs and errors, and the modification of neuron weights within 'propagate'. No direct untrusted data sinks such as network requests, file system writes, or eval calls are present.",
  "flows": "Inputs are received via the 'activate' method and processed through layered network structure. The 'propagate' method adjusts weights based on errors. No external system calls or data exfiltration are visible.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behavior such as hidden backdoors, obfuscated code, or suspicious dynamic execution. The code appears to implement standard neural network logic with spline basis functions. The use of 'require' and 'module.exports' aligns with typical Node.js modules.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a neural network with input, spline, and output layers, utilizing spline basis functions as activation functions. It provides methods for activation and error propagation. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious network activity, or malicious behavior are evident. The functions for basis calculations are standard implementations of spline basis functions. No external data leaks or system access methods are used. All dependencies appear to be legitimate libraries. The code's structure and behavior align with typical machine learning implementations, with no anomalies or malicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of a spline-based neural network module. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The code’s design is consistent with normal ML workflows, with no suspicious data exfiltration, backdoors, or security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}