{
  "purpose": "This code provides color manipulation utilities, including color space conversions, color component operations, blending, and color adjustments for RGB and HSL color models.",
  "sources": "Data is primarily read from function parameters, such as color component values and configuration objects. No external data sources or input streams are directly used within the code.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that modify or generate color data, but they do not output data to external systems or network communications. No direct data leaks or external system modifications are observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through color component calculations, conversions, and manipulations, then into returned color objects. No external or untrusted data sources are involved, and there are no side-effects like network requests.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code is well-structured for color processing, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious logic. No use of dynamic code execution, eval, or external system calls.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple utility functions for color processing, including range checks, color space conversions between RGB and HSL, color blending, component operations, and color creation. It uses standard mathematical operations, straightforward data flows, and object freezing for immutability. There are no indications of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or sabotage. The code appears to serve a legitimate purpose related to color manipulation. The functions handle inputs safely, validate ranges, and do not perform any network or system modifications.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a color utility library focused on safe, standard color operations with no malicious intent detected. It performs typical color conversions and manipulations, with no evidence of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}