{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a React component for an audio waveform player with controls for playback, seeking, and waveform visualization.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from audio files provided via props, and user interactions such as range input changes and button clicks.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows from user inputs (range sliders, buttons) to control audio playback and waveform visualization. No data is sent over network or to external systems within this code.",
  "flows": "Input events (e.g., slider changes, button clicks) influence audio playback controls and waveform rendering. Data flows from user inputs to state updates and DOM manipulations. No external network or system interactions are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code is highly obfuscated with minified, complex structures making it hard to interpret at a glance, but it primarily implements standard React patterns for an audio player. No suspicious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are evident. No dynamic code execution or suspicious network activity is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component that manages an audio player with waveform visualization. It loads audio files, decodes them, and displays a waveform using a canvas element. User interactions control playback, seeking, and waveform display. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or network communications to suspicious domains. The obfuscation appears to be due to minification, not malicious hiding techniques. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. The overall structure is consistent with a standard audio waveform component.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate React audio waveform component with no signs of malicious intent or malicious behavior. The obfuscation is due to minification, not malicious hiding. No security risks are identified based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}