{
  "purpose": "This code manages NFT lifecycle operations using the SensibleNFT library, including genesis creation, issuing, selling, canceling, and buying NFTs, with hardcoded private keys and static transaction metadata.",
  "sources": "Hardcoded private keys (WIFs), static API endpoints, fixed transaction metadata (metaTxId, opreturnData), input parameters for blockchain transactions.",
  "sinks": "Blockchain transaction functions (genesis, issue, sell, cancelSell, buy), console logs, network requests to satotx API.",
  "flows": "Private keys and static data flow into transaction signing functions; input data (addresses, WIFs, metadata) flow into blockchain interaction functions; outputs are transaction IDs and logs.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of hardcoded private keys, static transaction identifiers, repeated sleep calls for timing, no obfuscation or active malicious routines.",
  "analysis": "The code contains embedded private keys for multiple wallets, which pose a significant security risk if exposed. It performs standard NFT operations without obfuscation or malicious behavior. The static metadata and credentials are security vulnerabilities but do not indicate malicious intent. The code's logic is straightforward, with no signs of malware routines such as data exfiltration or backdoors. The high security risk scores in the reports are justified by the credential exposure. Malware scores are correctly zero, and obfuscation scores are zero, reflecting transparent code. The primary concern is the insecure handling of secrets, not active malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical NFT management script with critical security flaws due to hardcoded private keys. No malicious activity or malware routines are present. The high security risk stems from credential exposure, which should be addressed by removing hardcoded secrets and using secure credential management. The malware and obfuscation scores are appropriate at zero. Overall, the code is transparent but insecure, and the security risk is high.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.85,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}