{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions and UI actions for a markdown editor, including text wrapping, line replacement, file selection, image upload handling, and defining toolbar actions.",
  "sources": "Input sources include user-selected files (via selectFiles), editor cursor and selection data, and external locale and plugin configurations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve inserting markdown content into the editor, such as images, links, or code blocks, and executing file uploads. No external network or system modifications are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user input (file selection, text selection) through functions like handleImageUpload, which processes files and inserts markdown syntax into the editor, with no indications of malicious network activity or data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses standard libraries and APIs with no suspicious or hidden behaviors. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or unusual dynamic code execution are present. The selectFiles function is used in a typical manner. There are no indications of backdoors, data leaks, or malicious code. The code seems focused solely on editor UI and content manipulation.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple utility functions for editing and formatting markdown content within an editor instance. It leverages standard APIs (like selectFiles) and common JavaScript patterns. No evidence of malicious intent such as network requests to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or system tampering. Functions like handleImageUpload securely process user-selected files for upload and insertion. The import of 'select-files' is straightforward and its usage is consistent with typical file selection handling. The code manages user input and file handling securely within the client-side context, with no hidden or malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured set of utility functions for markdown editing, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It relies on standard APIs and performs typical content manipulation tasks. The security risk score is minimal, with no malicious intent observed.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}