{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for a code editor, including text manipulation, file selection, image upload handling, and generating action items for the editor toolbar.",
  "sources": "User interactions via file selection, editor commands, and image uploads; input files from the file system.",
  "sinks": "Image upload processing, setting editor content and selection, dynamic code execution via wrap and replace functions.",
  "flows": "File selection triggers image upload, which then appends formatted markdown to the editor; user commands manipulate editor content based on actions; no untrusted data flows directly into dangerous sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code present. The selectFiles import is standard. Functions use typical editor APIs. No suspicious network activity or code injection is observed. No obfuscation or unusual language features detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical utility suite for a markdown editor, providing text formatting, line replacement, block appending, file selection, and image upload handling. The selectFiles package is used for user file input, which is standard. Image uploads are handled via an async function that calls a provided uploadImages callback, and the results are inserted as markdown image links. The code does not perform any network requests, data exfiltration, or system modification. No secrets or credentials are embedded. The flow of data is straightforward, with no complex or unsafe data flows. All functions operate within the bounds of typical editor functionality. Overall, the code is benign with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard set of editor utilities for markdown manipulation and file/image handling. There is no evidence of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The implementation is safe and does not contain suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}