{
  "purpose": "Implements a JSONP loader by dynamically creating script tags, extracting callback names from URLs or generating them, and assigning global callback functions to handle responses.",
  "sources": "Reads the URL property, extracts callback name from URL, and assigns functions to window[funcName]",
  "sinks": "Creates script elements with src set to the URL, appends to document head, and assigns callback functions to global window object",
  "flows": "URL parsing to callback name extraction, global callback assignment, script injection, callback invocation upon script load",
  "anomalies": "Lack of validation or sanitization of URL and callback name, potential overwriting of global functions, reliance on external scripts without validation",
  "analysis": "The code follows a standard JSONP pattern: it extracts or generates a callback function name, assigns a global function to handle the response, injects a script tag with the URL, and cleans up after execution. No obfuscation or malicious code is present. The primary security concern is executing external scripts without validation, which can be exploited if the URL is malicious. The code does not contain backdoors or malware. The global namespace pollution and lack of validation are typical in JSONP implementations but pose security risks. The malware score is 0, as no malicious payloads are embedded. The security risk score is approximately 0.4 to 0.55, reflecting the inherent risk of executing untrusted external scripts. The code is straightforward and not obfuscated, with high confidence in these assessments.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard JSONP loader with no malicious intent but carries inherent security risks due to lack of URL validation. It does not contain malware or obfuscation. The risk stems from executing external scripts without validation, which can be exploited if sources are compromised. The assigned scores are appropriate, with malware score at 0, obfuscated at 0, and a moderate security risk (~0.4-0.55). To improve security, validation of URLs and callback names should be implemented, or alternative data fetching methods like CORS should be used.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}