{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component integrated with PIXI.js for rendering animated easing graphs, allowing visualization of mathematical functions with user controls.",
  "sources": "Input sources include component props such as 'f', 'play', 'x', 'y', and other options passed to the EasingGraph component; internal variables reading these props.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'draw' methods that render graphics, 'animationStep' which updates the graph animation, and 'updateText' which updates textual information. No external network or system interaction is directly evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input props ('f', 'play', 'x', 'y') into class properties; 'animationStep' reads current time and options, computes positions and triggers drawing; 'draw' methods process data to render visuals; 'updateText' displays current values.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are detected. The code uses dynamic function composition but all appears to serve visualization purposes. No obfuscated code or misleading variable usage is present. No external network activity, reverse shells, or data theft routines are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines a graphical component that visualizes easing functions with animation controls. It uses several functional programming helpers and PIXI.js drawing routines to render graphs, markers, and grids. The 'animationStep' updates visualization based on timing, and 'draw' methods generate graphics accordingly. There are no external data leaks, network calls, or hidden malicious routines. The code structure is typical for a visualization component, with no suspicious logic or code anomalies. Functions like 'play', 'stop', and 'updateText' are standard for interactive graphics. Overall, the code appears to be for graphical visualization with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a visualization component for easing functions, with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is a legitimate graphical rendering code for user interaction and data display purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}