{
  "purpose": "The script automates the process of creating a new project by downloading a template from a Git repository, optionally renaming directories, and installing dependencies.",
  "sources": "User input via command line argument for 'project-name' and inquirer prompt for app type. File system checks for directory existence. External download from a specified GitHub repository. Execution of 'npm install' via child_process.",
  "sinks": "Execution of 'npm install' command. Directory renaming and deletion. Possible data flow from user input into directory paths.",
  "flows": "User provides 'project-name' -> code checks directory existence -> downloads repo -> renames directories based on user-selected app type -> executes 'npm install' in project directory.",
  "anomalies": "Use of string interpolation in 'execSync' without sanitization poses a risk if 'projectName' contains malicious input. No validation of 'projectName' input, which could lead to directory traversal or command injection if input is malicious. No explicit input validation or sanitization. No code obfuscation or malicious code detected. Usage of standard libraries and dependencies appears benign.",
  "analysis": "The code collects user input for project naming and app type, then deletes existing directories if needed, downloads a template repository, and installs dependencies. The main concern is the use of 'execSync' with a directory path constructed from user input without sanitization, which could potentially allow command injection if the input is maliciously crafted. No other suspicious activities such as data exfiltration, network communication to suspicious domains, or hidden backdoors are detected. The rest of the code relies on standard libraries and well-known modules, and the flow is straightforward without obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The script performs standard project scaffolding tasks with no evident malicious intent. The primary security concern is the lack of input validation for 'projectName', which could potentially be exploited for command injection. Overall, the code appears benign, with no malicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 3
}