{
  "purpose": "This script is a CLI tool that prompts the user for a project name and type, downloads a template repository from GitHub, renames directories, and installs dependencies via npm. Its purpose is to scaffold a new project based on user input.",
  "sources": "Reads user input for 'project-name' and 'type'; accesses the filesystem for directory existence checks and renaming; executes shell commands via execSync for 'npm install'.",
  "sinks": "execSync command executing 'cd ${rpath} && npm install' which runs shell commands with user-controlled paths; filesystem operations like renaming and deleting directories based on user input.",
  "flows": "User provides 'project-name' -> code resolves path -> directory existence checked -> download repo -> directory renamed based on 'type' -> shell command executed with 'rpath' -> dependencies installed.",
  "anomalies": "Lack of input validation or sanitization for 'projectName' before using it in shell commands; potential for command injection if 'projectName' contains malicious content; no validation of 'type' input.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard scaffolding tasks with straightforward logic. It reads user input for project name and type, downloads a template repo, manipulates directories, and runs 'npm install'. The main security concern is the use of 'execSync' with a path derived from user input without sanitization, which could lead to command injection if malicious input is provided. No malware or obfuscation is detected. The download source is a public GitHub repo, which is generally trusted, but reliance on external repositories always carries some risk. The directory operations are standard but could be exploited if inputs are malicious. Overall, the code is benign but should implement input validation to mitigate potential command injection risks.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a typical project scaffolding tool with no malicious code or obfuscation. The primary security concern is the lack of input validation for 'projectName', which could allow command injection if exploited. The code's behavior aligns with a low malware likelihood and minimal obfuscation. The security risk score should be moderate, around 0.4, reflecting the potential for exploitation through unsanitized user input. Current scores in the reports are appropriate, with the main recommendation being to sanitize user inputs before using them in shell commands.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}