{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive set of Vue components and utility functions for integrating Mapbox maps, geometries, controls, and events within a Vue application.",
  "sources": "Dependencies on third-party libraries such as '@mapbox/mapbox-gl-geocoder', 'mapbox-gl', 'fast-deep-equal', and other Mapbox-related modules. Also, internal functions that access DOM, handle events, and manage map and geometry data.",
  "sinks": "Event handlers, DOM manipulations, map control additions/removals, data updates, and network communications for geocoding and map interactions.",
  "flows": "Input data (props, injected dependencies) are processed through component setup, influencing map state and geometries. Events from map/geometries are emitted to parent components. Data flows from props to map features and controls, with updates propagated via watchers.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network requests are evident. The code strictly handles map controls, geometries, and event wiring without including any obfuscated or misleading code. No data leakage or privacy violations are detected. The code appears clean and structured for its purpose.",
  "analysis": "The code imports well-known Mapbox libraries and Vue composition API features, uses standard map and geometry manipulation patterns, and employs deferred promises for asynchronous control. There are no signs of malicious code such as network exfiltration, system command execution, or hidden backdoors. Event handling is typical, with proper cleanup on unmount. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscated logic is present. The code's scope is map visualization and control, with no indications of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate and standard Vue integration for Mapbox maps, geometries, and controls. It does not contain malware or security risks beyond typical usage. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}