{
  "purpose": "This code provides Vue.js components and utility functions to integrate Mapbox GL JS maps, geocoders, markers, geometries, controls, and event handling in a web application. It serves as a library for map visualization and interaction.",
  "sources": "Data inputs from component props (e.g., coordinates, GeoJSON sources, configuration objects), injected map instances, event callbacks, and user interactions with map controls and geometries.",
  "sinks": "Map control addition/removal, setting map styles, layers, sources, geometries, popups, and emitting events based on user interactions or map state changes.",
  "flows": "User input or property changes → data flow into component props and internal state → Mapbox map methods (addSource, addLayer, flyTo, setStyle, etc.) → Events emitted on map interactions or geometries → External callbacks or parent components.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code or behavior detected. All code segments follow standard patterns for map component wrappers and utility functions. No hardcoded credentials, hidden network requests, or obfuscated/malicious code found. External dependencies appear typical for map integrations. The license notice is standard and does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple Vue components that wrap Mapbox GL JS functionalities, including map, markers, geometries, controls, and geometrical shapes. It uses standard Vue reactivity, dependency injection, and lifecycle hooks to manage map interactions. No code indicates data exfiltration, malicious network activity, or backdoors. All functions and components serve legitimate purposes like map rendering, geometries, event handling, and control mounting. The presence of license information and usage of known Mapbox libraries further support that this is a map widget library. No suspicious patterns, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code were observed.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate Vue.js wrapper library for Mapbox GL JS, providing map and geometrical shape components with standard features. It shows no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain attacks. The malware score is 0, and the security risk is minimal. Confidence score: 1.0.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}