{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and functions for parsing, handling, and matching media types and accept headers, primarily used in HTTP content negotiation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters, such as 'parameters' in MediaType constructor, 'accept' string in select method, and data in the parseAccept module.",
  "sinks": "Data is used internally for processing; there are no external data sinks or direct data leaks. No network, file, or external data transmission is present.",
  "flows": "Input data (parameters, accept headers) flow into parsing, storage, and matching processes within the classes. No external or untrusted data is transmitted outside the scope of internal handling.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for media type parsing and matching. No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hard-coded secrets, or backdoors are present. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The script provides utility classes for media type management, with methods for parsing, sorting, matching, and selecting media types based on accept headers. It uses internal data structures like Maps and Sets to manage and compare media types and parameters. The code is straightforward, relies on standard JavaScript features, and calls an external 'parseAccept' function, which appears to be a parser for HTTP Accept headers. No suspicious network operations, data exfiltration, or malicious behaviors are present. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malware patterns identified. The logic is consistent with normal media type negotiation functionalities.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation for media type negotiation in HTTP contexts. It does not contain any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It appears safe and primarily focused on parsing and matching media types based on accept headers, with no signs of sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}