{
  "purpose": "Provides dynamic routing and middleware handling via a proxy object, storing functions in a shared context for execution upon HTTP requests.",
  "sources": "Request method and URL (for route matching), functions stored in 'ctx' (via dynamic property access).",
  "sinks": "Execution of functions retrieved from 'ctx' during request handling, which can process request and response objects.",
  "flows": "Request method and URL -> 'ctx' lookup -> retrieved functions -> execution with req, res.",
  "anomalies": "Functions are stored dynamically without validation or sanitization, allowing potential injection of malicious code. Use of Proxy to generate functions that set data in 'ctx' is unconventional and risky.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up an HTTP server that maps request method and URL to functions stored in a Map 'ctx'. The 'app' object is a Proxy that, upon property access, creates functions that store data into 'ctx'. During request handling, functions are retrieved based on method and URL, then executed sequentially, with optional middleware functions. There is no validation or access control on 'ctx' entries. If external code can insert malicious functions into 'ctx', it could lead to arbitrary code execution. The code itself contains no malicious activity but is inherently risky due to its dynamic and unvalidated nature.",
  "conclusion": "The code is not malicious in its current form but presents a significant security risk if 'ctx' is manipulated externally. The potential for executing arbitrary functions makes it vulnerable to supply chain or injection attacks. The malware score should be set to 1 if malicious functions are inserted, but as is, it remains at 0. The security risk score should be elevated to reflect the high potential for exploitation, recommended around 0.7. Overall, the design warrants caution and additional validation controls.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.7,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}