{
  "purpose": "The code defines several React components for animated number display, including NumberResult, NumberLoading, NumberContainer, and Countup. Its purpose is to provide animated count-up visuals with configurable delays and styles, intended for UI display.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), imports React module, and accesses DOM via refs and event listeners. It also processes input props and internally generated data such as number arrays and styles.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation via style changes, event listeners, and rendering React elements. No direct data leaks, network calls, or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input props (number, styles, delay configurations) through delay calculations and conditional rendering, culminating in React JSX elements being rendered to the DOM. Environment variable checks influence which runtime version of JSX is used.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are apparent. The code uses standard React patterns, references to environment variables are typical, and no obfuscated or dynamically executed code is present. All animations and component logic are straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code implements animated number count-up components with configurable delays, styles, and easing functions. It utilizes React hooks for state and effects, event listeners for animation control, and standard React element creation and validation. No suspicious network activity, code injection, or malicious behaviors are detected. The environment variable usage is typical for environment-specific builds. All code appears to serve a UI animation purpose without any hidden or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React-based animated number display library with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs UI rendering, style injections, and animation controls in a typical manner, with environment checks to load production or development versions. No malicious or security-threatening code patterns are found.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}