{
  "purpose": "The code defines React components for animated number display and loading effects, primarily for UI purposes such as count-up animations and loading indicators.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), accesses document object for style injection, and reads component props for rendering logic.",
  "sinks": "Uses DOM manipulation for style injection, adds event listeners for animation events, and calls React's createElement (jsx) to generate UI components.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and DOM are used to conditionally load styles; props and state control component rendering; event listeners modify animation behavior; environment variables influence runtime code paths.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code appears to be standard React component logic with dynamic styles and animations. Style injection is inline and not suspicious. No obfuscated code or uncommon language features observed.",
  "analysis": "The code imports React, defines style injection, and creates multiple React functional components (NumberResult, NumberLoading, NumberContainer, Countup). It uses React hooks (useRef, useEffect, useState) for DOM interactions and timing. The environment variable check determines which JSX runtime to use, which is typical for React projects. Style injection dynamically adds CSS to the document head, a common pattern. The components perform numeric animations, with delays and easing functions calculated programmatically. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network requests to suspicious domains, data leaks, or reverse shells. The code strictly manipulates the DOM and React components for visual effects. No hidden backdoors, system data access, or malicious activities are present. The code seems purposefully designed for animated number displays, with standard React patterns and inline styles. Confidence in these findings is high.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of React components for animated number displays and loading effects. It contains no malicious behavior or sabotage indicators. All logic appears to be standard for UI animations, with environment-based runtime selection and style injection. No security risks or malware signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}