{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define several React components and styling logic for animated number displays, such as count-up effects, loading animations, and number transitions.",
  "sources": "Inputs include React component props (number, style, delay, duration, etc.) and DOM references via useRef. It reads environment variables like process.env.NODE_ENV and React internals.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable code paths include dynamic styling via style properties, event listeners on DOM elements, and the use of React internals for debugging. No direct data leaks, network communication, or file system access are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props and internal calculations to DOM element styles and React component rendering. Environment variables influence environment-specific behavior. No external network or system interactions observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code is standard for React component definitions, styling injection, and animation control. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscation. Usage of internal React symbols and debugging tools is typical but noteworthy. No hidden or malicious code is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily involves React component creation with style injections and animation logic. It uses environment variables to switch between development and production modes, which is standard practice. All code paths relate to UI animations and React internal functions. No indications of data exfiltration, remote control, or sabotage. The code's structure and content are consistent with legitimate React UI components for animated number displays.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React-based UI component library focused on animated number display features. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It uses standard React patterns, environment checks, and style injections without suspicious external network activity or hidden functions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}