{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to compute the cumulative distribution function (CDF) and the percent point function (PPF) for the Student's t-distribution, used in statistical analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the function parameters 'x', 'p', and 'df'. It also imports the 'math.js' module from a relative path, which may contain additional functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of 'math.incBeta' and 'math.invIncBeta', which perform advanced mathematical computations. These could be exploited if malicious code modifies or replaces the math module, but as written, they are standard mathematical function calls.",
  "flows": "Input parameters 'x' and 'p' are processed through mathematical functions, then passed to 'math.incBeta' and 'math.invIncBeta' respectively. The results are used to compute the final t-distribution values. No data flows to external systems or network calls are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, hardcoded secrets, or unusual code patterns are present. The code appears to perform standard statistical calculations without obfuscation or suspicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code defines two functions: 'cdf' and 'ppf' for the Student's t-distribution. Both functions rely on mathematical operations involving the beta function ('incBeta') and its inverse ('invIncBeta') from an external math module. The functions include input validation and perform standard computations for statistical purposes. The import path '../tools/math.js' suggests a local utility module, which is common in projects. No suspicious behavior, malicious code, or malicious behavior patterns are detected. The code is straightforward and appears to be a standard statistical implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of t-distribution functions with no signs of malicious intent. It uses well-known mathematical functions for statistical calculations and has no external network activity or suspicious code segments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}