{
  "purpose": "Defines a JavaScript class for the Arcsine distribution with methods for statistical calculations and distribution functions.",
  "sources": [
    "Require statements importing utility functions and distribution calculations from '@stdlib' packages.",
    "Constructor parameters for minimum and maximum support values (a, b).",
    "Getter and setter properties for distribution parameters 'a' and 'b'."
  ],
  "sinks": [
    "Distribution methods (cdf, logcdf, logpdf, pdf, quantile) that call external distribution functions.",
    "Property accessors that return statistical properties like entropy, kurtosis, mean, etc."
  ],
  "flows": [
    "Constructor validates input parameters, then sets internal variables 'a' and 'b'.",
    "Getter and setter for 'a' and 'b' read/write these internal variables, with validation.",
    "Distribution functions (e.g., cdf) invoke imported functions with distribution parameters.",
    "Statistical properties call corresponding imported functions with 'a' and 'b'."
  ],
  "anomalies": [
    "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or unusual code patterns detected.",
    "Distribution functions directly invoke external library functions with parameters.",
    "Setters validate inputs properly; no dynamic code execution or suspicious behavior."
  ],
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a statistical distribution class with properties and methods for distribution calculations. It imports utility and statistical functions from '@stdlib', performs parameter validation, and exposes functions for CDF, PDF, quantile, and statistical moments. No code indicates malicious behavior such as network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors. All code appears to serve legitimate statistical calculation purposes. No obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious patterns are detected. The structure follows common JavaScript distribution class conventions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of an Arcsine distribution class for statistical calculations. It uses external, well-known libraries for core computations. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are present based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}