{
  "purpose": "The code initializes and manages water-like displacement effects on images using PIXI.js, creating animated visual effects on DOM elements with specific data attributes.",
  "sources": "Reads image URLs from 'src' attribute, displacement and mask URLs from data attributes ('waterify-displacement-url', 'waterify-mask-url'), and user interactions such as window resize events.",
  "sinks": "Uses image loading, canvas rendering, and network requests for images. Potential sink points include loading external images and updating canvas elements.",
  "flows": "Source: Image URLs and data attributes → Image loading and texture creation → PIXI textures and sprites → Rendering loop updating displacement and sprite properties.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behavior detected. External URLs for images are configurable via data attributes, which is standard. No hardcoded secrets or credentials. No obfuscated or malicious code present.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily loads images, textures, and applies visual effects with PIXI.js. It manages asynchronous image loading with onload handlers, updates textures upon load, and performs animation via requestAnimationFrame. The code reads configuration parameters from data attributes, allowing dynamic behavior. There are no signs of hidden backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious network activity. It only manipulates visual elements on the page and handles image rendering. The external image sources are specified via data attributes, which is typical in customizable visual effects. No hardcoded credentials, network connections to suspicious domains, or malicious data leaks are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard visual effects implementation using PIXI.js for water displacement effects. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. It is safe and intended for aesthetic purposes without any malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}