{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a water effect on HTML elements using PIXI.js, involving image manipulation, displacement filters, and rendering animations.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from DOM attributes such as data-waterify-displacement-url, data-waterify-mask-url, data-waterify-speed, and image src attributes.",
  "sinks": "Uses Image src attributes for loading images; updates canvas styles and attributes; renders to the DOM; possibly loads external resources specified by URLs.",
  "flows": "Loads images based on provided URLs, then creates textures and sprites; applies filters; updates sprite positions and scales during animation; resizes canvases on window resize.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious code, or backdoors observed. The code dynamically loads images and applies filters but does so in a standard manner. No obfuscated or unusual language features are present. Use of crossOrigin='' is noted but is standard for CORS-enabled images.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes by loading displacement and mask images if URLs are provided, then creates PIXI.js textures and sprites for rendering animated water effects on specified elements. It uses data attributes for configurable parameters such as speed, scale, and image URLs. The animation updates displacement sprite anchors and filter scales in a requestAnimationFrame loop. Resize handling adjusts canvases to the container sizes. No suspicious network activity, data leakage, or malicious system commands are present. The code performs image processing and rendering solely within the browser context, with no evident malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a visual water effect using PIXI.js with configurable options via DOM data attributes. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious data handling. The code is straightforward and appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}