{
  "purpose": "This script initializes water effect animations on HTML elements using Pixi.js, applying displacement and mask images to create animated water-like effects on images.",
  "sources": "Reads data attributes for URLs ('waterify-displacement-url', 'waterify-mask-url'), image sources via 'src' attributes, and configuration via data attributes (speed, scale, ease). Reads 'src' attribute from images and data attributes from DOM elements.",
  "sinks": "Creates canvas and Pixi.js textures, renders animated effects, replaces original DOM elements with canvases. Uses images loaded from URLs specified in data attributes, which are then rendered in a controlled environment.",
  "flows": "Sources include URLs from data attributes and image 'src' attributes. Loaded images generate textures for Pixi.js sprites, which are manipulated and rendered in animation loops. The code replaces DOM elements with generated canvases containing the animated content.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no use of eval, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code. The only dynamic behavior involves loading images and rendering them, which is standard. No unusual or suspicious code patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code loads displacement and mask images based on URLs from element data attributes, then creates Pixi.js sprites and applies filters to generate animated water effects. It handles image loading asynchronously and updates the canvas upon window resize. All image URLs are external or derived from element attributes, with no evidence of hidden or malicious code. The logic is consistent with standard image processing and animation. No signals of data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system manipulation are present. No suspicious network activity or system modifications are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The script appears to be a legitimate visual effect implementation that loads external images for displacement and masking, then animates them on HTML elements. There are no indications of malicious behavior or security risks within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}