{
  "purpose": "This code defines a PostCSS plugin that converts pixel units to viewport units (vw/vh) in CSS files, with options for customization, landscape mode, and exclusion filters.",
  "sources": "Reads CSS rules, declarations, comments, and source file paths during CSS processing.",
  "sinks": "Modifies CSS declaration values, inserts cloned rules, and appends media queries for landscape orientation.",
  "flows": "CSS rules are processed to replace pixel units with viewport units, with consideration for comments that ignore conversions, and optional landscape adjustments.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to be a standard CSS processing plugin; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic behaviors observed. The commented-out section for landscape media rules hints at potential incomplete features but is benign. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The script imports utility modules for regex matching, property list filtering, and object assignment. It defines default configuration options, including units and media queries. During CSS rule traversal, it respects exclude patterns and selector blacklists. It processes declarations to convert 'px' to viewport units, respecting comments that instruct to ignore certain declarations. It optionally handles landscape orientation rules, cloning and adjusting rules accordingly. The code avoids dangerous behaviors like network requests, data leaks, or system modifications. The commented-out code section for landscape media rules is benign, just unfinished implementation. No obfuscated code patterns or malicious behaviors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate PostCSS plugin for unit conversion with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It is well-structured, uses standard techniques, and does not contain suspicious operations. The malware score is very low, with no indicators of malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}