{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define a JavaScript module for toggling UI element states with animated transitions, specifically managing 'expanded' and 'collapsed' states with smooth animation control.",
  "sources": "Variables and functions that read environment information (e.g., window, global), and internal state variables such as 'value', 'duration', 'trace'. No external input sources are explicitly present.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily manipulates internal state and invokes animation frame functions; no data is sent over network or written to files. No sinks indicating data leaks or external communication are found.",
  "flows": "Internal state updates from toggle functions to animation frame callbacks, which update the 'value' and 'motion' states during animations. No untrusted data source to sink flow detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are detected. The code primarily manages animation states and uses standard requestAnimationFrame or setTimeout. No obfuscated or suspicious language features are observed. No external network communication or malicious code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a module with toggle functionality for UI animations, managing state transitions between 'expanded' and 'collapsed' states with animation control. It uses environment detection to bind animation frame functions and manages internal state variables for smooth animations. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or code injection. The code appears to be a standard UI utility library with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a UI animation utility for toggling expanded/collapsed states with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs typical animation management without external data handling or network communication.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}