{
  "purpose": "A lightweight wrapper function around the fetch API to handle HTTP requests and process responses with optional transformers, returning a Promise of a result tuple.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'url', 'fetchOptions', and 'options' parameters provided to the goFetch function.",
  "sinks": "The code processes the fetched response and potentially transforms data or errors via 'responseTransformer' and 'errorTransformer' functions provided in 'options'. These transformer functions could, if malicious, process untrusted data in a harmful way, but they are user-defined and not included in this code.",
  "flows": "Input data from parameters -> fetch call -> response handling -> optional transformation -> return tuple (data or error). Transformers (if provided) receive data or error, but are defined externally, not within this code.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code constructs or suspicious patterns. No hardcoded credentials, no system modifications, and no network communications beyond the standard fetch call. The transformers are optional and external, so they pose no inherent risk in this code snippet.",
  "analysis": "The code performs a fetch request to the provided URL with given options, handles errors, parses JSON responses, and optionally transforms data or errors via external transformer functions. The flow is standard and does not include any suspicious or malicious actions. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious network activity are present. The only potential concern is that transformers are user-supplied and could be malicious if they are maliciously supplied externally, but this is outside the scope of this code review. Overall, the code is a safe and straightforward wrapper.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign fetch wrapper that does not contain malicious behavior or security risks within itself. It simply handles HTTP requests and responses with optional data transformation, relying on external transformer functions which are not included here. No malware or security vulnerabilities are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}