{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a utility for processing image resources in JavaScript/TypeScript projects, generating import statements, variable declarations, and exports for images to be used within a larger codebase.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters such as 'images', 'code', and 'context'. Also reads project files from the filesystem via common.getFiles.",
  "sinks": "Injects generated import statements, variable definitions, and exports into the source code at specific positions.",
  "flows": "Source data (images, file contents) → processing functions → code modification (insertion of import/var/export statements) → output code",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated or unusual language features. No dynamic code execution or network activity observed. The code primarily manipulates strings and ASTs for code generation. Uses standard libraries and parsing tools.",
  "analysis": "The script is designed to parse existing JavaScript/TypeScript code, identify existing import/variable/export positions, and insert new import statements and variable declarations for image assets. It filters out already used variable names, avoiding duplicates. No network calls, system modifications, or sensitive data handling are present. The code structure and logic are straightforward, utilizing Babel parser and types for AST analysis. The process involves reading filesystem assets, generating import statements with proper naming conventions, and inserting these into existing code structures. The code does not contain any signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system compromise techniques.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard resource management utility for handling image assets in a project. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within the provided code. It functions as a safe code generator and manipulator for JavaScript/TypeScript projects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}