{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript class for managing a Web Worker-based engine SDK, including initialization, resource loading, media rendering, and various customization APIs for effects such as makeup, background, and 3D assets.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from external URLs for resource and wasm loading, receives messages from the worker, and accesses DOM elements for initialization.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include posting messages to a Web Worker, which can trigger internal functions, and callback functions invoked upon worker messages that may process data. No direct data leaks or network transmissions are explicitly present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external URLs or input parameters to worker messages, with responses handled via callback functions. The worker receives commands for resource loading, rendering, and configuration; responses invoke callbacks; some functions use promises for asynchronous handling.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic URL construction based on version, loads resources via loadResourceData, and posts messages with command objects. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. No obfuscated code or uncommon language features are present. No network communications other than resource loading and worker messaging are observed. No evidence of malicious privacy violations, credential theft, or data leaks. The code structure is typical for SDK wrappers, with no hidden or misleading behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive SDK class managing a Web Worker for rendering and effect application. It loads resources and wasm modules dynamically based on version, uses promises and callbacks for asynchronous operations, and interacts with external URLs and the DOM. The worker communication protocol involves command objects with specific types, but these are standard for such SDKs. No malicious code, hidden data transmissions, or backdoors are detected. The functions are well-structured and intended for effect rendering and resource management, typical of a multimedia SDK. Overall, the code does not exhibit any malicious behavior or sabotage indicators.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript SDK class appears legitimate, serving as an interface to a worker-based engine for media effects and resource management. It does not contain malware, suspicious data flows, or malicious behaviors. Its design aligns with standard SDK patterns for web multimedia processing.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}