{
  "purpose": "A utility class to perform HTTPS requests, encapsulating the fetch operation with customizable method, headers, and body.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from the 'url', 'method', 'ContentType', and 'body' parameters provided to the 'do' method.",
  "sinks": "Sends data via https.request, and parses response JSON; potential risk if 'body' contains untrusted data or if response contains malicious content.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('url', 'method', 'ContentType', 'body') flow into the request; response data flows from 'res' event to JSON.parse, then resolves.",
  "anomalies": "Uses standard Node.js 'https' module; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs observed. No obfuscated code present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Fetch class with a method to perform HTTPS requests asynchronously. It accepts URL, options including method, content type, and body. It constructs request options and executes an HTTPS request, capturing the response. The response data is accumulated in a buffer and parsed as JSON upon completion. Error handling is connected to reject the promise. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious network calls, or malicious code are present. The code relies on user-provided parameters for URL and request body, which could be untrusted; however, this is typical for fetch utilities.\n\nThe implementation appears straightforward, utilizing standard Node.js 'https' module without obfuscation or malicious behavior. No data leaks or privacy violations are detectable. There are no signs of malware or malicious data exfiltration.\n\nOverall, the code is a standard, functional HTTPS fetch utility with no indicators of malicious intent or security risks beyond the general caveat of handling untrusted input data, which is common in such functions.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard HTTPS request utility with no malicious behavior or security risks detected. It processes inputs and network responses in a typical manner, with no signs of malware, obfuscation, or supply chain threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}