{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom web component for rendering Hydra sketches, managing canvas, options, and execution of user-provided code within the component.",
  "sources": "User-provided code stored in this._code, and attributes such as 'width', 'height', 'global', 'audio', 'sources', 'outputs', 'precision' that are parsed and updated via attribute changes.",
  "sinks": "Execution of this._code through hydraEval or eval within _evalCode(), which runs user code asynchronously. Also, access to globalThis._hydra if makeGlobal is true, which can expose hydra instance globally.",
  "flows": "User code in this._code is evaluated asynchronously, with potential flow from source attributes and user code to execution functions. The code can access hydra-synth APIs and potentially execute malicious code if provided.",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval or dynamic eval via sandbox.eval and hydraEval; code runs asynchronously, which could conceal malicious payloads. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are visible. No obfuscated code or unusual language features detected.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily manages a Hydra sketch environment as a web component. It initializes canvas and hydra instances, updates options based on attributes, and executes user-supplied code via asynchronous functions. The code does not include suspicious external network calls, data leaks, or backdoors. The only potential concern is that user code in this._code is executed asynchronously, which could be exploited if malicious code is injected, but there is no evidence of malicious payloads within this source. The use of sandbox.eval and hydraEval limits risk, but executing arbitrary code remains a potential attack vector if the _code is compromised.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a Hydra sketch renderer with configurable options and code execution capabilities. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious network activities are apparent. The main risk lies in executing user-supplied code, but this is typical for such environments and not inherently malicious in this context.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}