{
  "purpose": "Implement a queue data structure with a self-draining mechanism that processes items either synchronously or asynchronously.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data when enqueue() is called, and reads internal queue state during drain operations.",
  "sinks": "The process function provided to SelfDrainingQueue is invoked with queue items, potentially executing user-defined code. No external data sinks such as network or file operations are explicitly present.",
  "flows": "Input data is enqueued via enqueue(), then processed in _drainQueue or _drainQueueAsync, calling the process function with each item.",
  "anomalies": "The process function is user-supplied; no validation or sandboxing is performed. The code includes an asynchronous sleep function, which is benign but may be misused in context; no hardcoded secrets or suspicious dynamic code execution detected. No obfuscated or minified code; the code structure is clear.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Queue class with basic enqueue and dequeue operations, and a SelfDrainingQueue class that processes queued items via a user-provided process function, either synchronously or asynchronously. It maintains internal state to prevent concurrent drain processes. The sleep function is a utility for delaying execution. No malicious behavior such as network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications is evident. The process function could potentially execute arbitrary code, but that is determined by user implementation, not the module itself. Overall, the code appears as a straightforward queue implementation with processing control, and no signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign queue implementation with asynchronous processing capabilities. No malicious or suspicious behavior is evident within this code segment. It appears safe and does not contain malware or security risks based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}