{
  "purpose": "Implement a self-draining queue with support for both synchronous and asynchronous processing of items.",
  "sources": "The queue receives data via the enqueue method; the process function is passed during instantiation and used in processing queue items.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data or external systems are present. The process function could potentially be malicious if supplied externally, but that is context-dependent.",
  "flows": "Items are enqueued via enqueue(), then dequeued within _drainQueue or _drainQueueAsync(), where the process function is invoked for each item. The async version awaits each process call.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behavior, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors are present. The sleep function is standard for delaying execution and not malicious. The process function is supplied externally and could be malicious depending on use.",
  "analysis": "The code defines two queue classes: Queue (a simple FIFO queue) and SelfDrainingQueue, which manages automatic draining of items via the provided process function. The process function's nature (sync or async) is determined at instantiation. Methods for enqueueing items and checking if drained are straightforward. There are no signs of malicious code such as network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification. The code relies on the external process function, which could be malicious if supplied by an untrusted source, but this is outside the scope of static analysis. The sleep utility is a standard async delay. Overall, the code appears to be a utility implementation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a standard, non-malicious self-draining queue with support for async and sync processing. No suspicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident within this module. The main consideration is that the process function is user-supplied; if malicious, it could cause harmful actions during queue processing, but this depends on external use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}