{
  "purpose": "The code defines a DynamicCursor class that creates a custom cursor element on the webpage, with configurable styles and event interactions for cursor movement and element hover effects.",
  "sources": "Reads include user mouse movements (mousemove), clicks (mousedown, mouseup), and DOM element queries (e.g., document.querySelector, getElementById). External resource link for CSS is loaded via a <link> element from a CDN.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation (creating and removing elements), setting styles on cursor elements, attaching event listeners, and dynamically injecting CSS.",
  "flows": "Mouse events (mousemove, mousedown, mouseup) update cursor style and position. Hovering over trigger elements modifies cursor size and appearance. External stylesheet link is appended on initialization.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code activities are detected. External stylesheet URL is a common CDN, not malicious. The code properly manages event listeners with removal, avoiding common pitfalls.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a custom cursor component with configurable styles and behavior, adding event listeners for mouse interactions and hover effects on specified trigger elements. It dynamically loads an external stylesheet from a CDN, which is standard for styling icon fonts. The DOM manipulations and event handling appear straightforward and typical for UI enhancements. No evidence of data exfiltration, network requests to suspicious domains, or malicious system actions is present. The code does not execute any obfuscated or dynamically generated malicious scripts. It functions solely to enhance cursor UX without compromising security.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, UI enhancement script that creates a custom cursor with configurable styles and hover effects. It loads an external stylesheet from a known CDN. No malicious activity, sabotage, or security risks are evident. It appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}