{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component for an interactive image map with customizable areas, including support for shape drawing, event handling, and optional magnification.",
  "sources": "Data is read from props (e.g., map, src, active, fillColor, etc.) and DOM elements (e.g., images, canvas). The component also accesses document elements directly (e.g., magnifier glass).",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe DOM manipulations via direct document access; event handlers may process untrusted input if props or external data are maliciously set; dynamic creation of DOM elements (magnifier glass).",
  "flows": "Input data (props, DOM events) flows into rendering and event functions, which may modify DOM or trigger external handlers. Data flows from props into drawing functions, and DOM elements are accessed and manipulated directly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code performs DOM manipulation for magnifiers and drawing shapes but does not contain obvious backdoors or data leaks. Some direct DOM access (document.getElementById) is used, which is standard but could be risky if external code modifies the DOM unexpectedly. No obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component implementing an image map with shape drawing, event handling, and magnification features. It reads data from props, manipulates DOM elements directly (e.g., magnifier), and renders image, canvas, and map areas. There are no signs of malicious data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The direct DOM manipulation is typical for magnifier functionality and shape highlighting. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious network calls are present. The component performs expected behaviors without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React component for image mapping with magnification and shape highlighting. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage signals. Usage of direct DOM access is standard for such features but should be reviewed in the context of external code safety. Overall, the package appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}