{
  "purpose": "The source code defines a React component for an interactive image map with features like drawing shapes, highlighting areas, and possibly zooming/magnifying images. It appears to be a library or module intended for use in React projects.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from component props such as 'src', 'map', 'active', 'fillColor', 'strokeColor', 'width', 'height', 'imgWidth', etc. It also reads DOM elements like images and canvas via document.getElementById and refs.",
  "sinks": "The code performs drawing operations on a canvas (e.g., fillRect, strokeRect, arc, lineTo) which are safe as they are rendering shapes. No network or file operations are present. No untrusted data is written or sent over network.",
  "flows": "The data flows from props (such as 'map' areas and coordinates) through functions that scale, draw, and handle mouse events, culminating in rendering visual shapes on a canvas. No external or untrusted sink that could leak data or perform malicious actions is identified.",
  "anomalies": "The code heavily relies on dynamic drawing and DOM manipulations but does not exhibit suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or privacy violations. No unusual code behaviors such as code injection, system access, or network activity are found. The magnify function creates DOM elements for magnification, which is typical for such features.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component implementing an image map with drawing functions for rectangles, circles, polygons, and event handlers for mouse interactions. It manages its own canvas for dynamic highlighting and has a magnify feature that adds a div overlay for zooming. All data read operations are from props or DOM elements. No network activity, file system access, or hidden malicious code are detected. The use of require/imports and the structure suggest a standard library/module pattern. No obfuscated code, code injection points, or malicious behaviors are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React component for image mapping with shape highlighting and magnification features. No malicious behavior or sabotage signals are present. It functions as expected for its purpose, with no security risks or malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}