{
  "purpose": "This code detects whether it is running within a Truffle project or not. If in a Truffle project, it loads configuration, compiles contracts, and processes rawData and metadata. If not, it constructs a 'solc' command with multiple options, executes it, and processes the JSON output to extract contract details.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (process.env.PWD), filesystem (truffle.js existence), and input parameter 'src'.",
  "sinks": "Executes shell command via child_process.execSync with 'src' embedded in the command string.",
  "flows": "Input 'src' flows into the construction of the 'solc' command string, which is then executed via execSync, leading to JSON parsing of the output.",
  "anomalies": "Uses 'src' directly in constructing a shell command without sanitization, creating a potential command injection vulnerability if 'src' is untrusted.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard Solidity contract processing, either via Truffle or directly with 'solc'. It relies on environment variables and filesystem checks. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The main concern is the unsanitized inclusion of 'src' in the shell command, which could be exploited if 'src' is controlled by an attacker. The code's functionality is typical for build scripts, with no evidence of malicious intent. The potential command injection is the only security risk, justified by the lack of sanitization of 'src'.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Solidity build utility with no malware or obfuscation. The primary security concern is the potential for command injection via the 'src' parameter if it is untrusted. Proper sanitization or validation of 'src' is recommended to mitigate this risk. The malware score remains 0, obfuscated score 0, and the overall security risk is approximately 0.6 due to the command injection vulnerability.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}