{
  "purpose": "The code implements a zoom functionality for images or elements, allowing pinch, double-tap, wheel zoom, and drag interactions with scroll lock capabilities.",
  "sources": "User interactions such as mouse events (mousedown, mousemove, mouseup), touch events (touchstart, touchmove, touchend), wheel events, and window events (load, resize). It reads data attributes for scale and translation from DOM elements.",
  "sinks": "DOM style modifications (transform property updates) and attribute changes (_dataScale, _dataTranslateX, _dataTranslateY) on zoomable elements. It also manipulates classes to indicate active/visible states. No network or file system operations are present.",
  "flows": "User input events (click, touch, wheel) trigger calculations for scaling and translation, which update element styles and attributes to produce zoom and pan effects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns observed. The code includes standard event handling, style updates, and helper functions for calculations. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls are present. The code does not perform any network communication, data theft, or system modifications beyond style and class updates.",
  "analysis": "The script is a straightforward implementation of interactive zoom controls with support for touch and mouse events. It manages data attributes for scale and translation, applies CSS transforms for visual effects, and controls scroll behavior. It contains checks for iOS Safari quirks, but these are for compatibility, not malicious behavior. No obfuscated code, malicious network calls, or hidden backdoors are present. It safely handles user inputs, prevents default behaviors where necessary, and maintains internal state for interaction flow. The presence of a 'module.exports' suggests it can be used as a module, consistent with standard library code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, feature-complete zoom interaction handler without any malicious intent or behavior. It is designed for UI interaction and does not include any suspicious or harmful functionalities. No security threats are evident from the provided code.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}