{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of utility functions for string and number manipulation, including removing whitespace, trimming strings, and formatting numeric strings.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'e' and 'r', which are passed to various functions for processing. No external data sources or user input handling is explicitly present.",
  "sinks": "The functions perform string replacement and formatting operations, but do not write data to external systems, network, or files. No sensitive data handling or data leaks are evident.",
  "flows": "Input data from parameters is processed through a series of regex-based transformations; no untrusted data flows to external sinks such as network or filesystem.",
  "anomalies": "The code employs multiple regex replacements for string and number formatting, which appear to be standard. No suspicious code structures, hidden backdoors, or unusual behaviors are detected. The code is heavily minified, which may hinder readability but does not indicate obfuscation intended for malicious purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified JavaScript module defining utility functions for string and number manipulation. It includes functions for removing whitespace, trimming, and formatting numeric strings, with parameterized decimal precision. All operations are straightforward regex replacements. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The code structure follows typical minification patterns, with no obfuscated or suspicious code constructs beyond minification. The initial module pattern supports various module systems, indicating a standard library component.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a benign utility library focused on string and number formatting. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. Its minified nature is typical for a library intended for distribution. Overall, the code presents a low security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}