{
  "purpose": "This code provides a collection of easing functions used for animations and transitions in JavaScript. It exports various easing algorithms such as linear, quadratic, cubic, quartic, quintic, sine, elastic, bounce, back, circ, and exponential easing functions.",
  "sources": "The code does not read input or data from external sources. It defines a set of functions internally, with no apparent input reading or data ingestion mechanisms.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write to or interact with external systems, files, network, or environment variables. It simply defines functions for animation easing.",
  "flows": "There are no data flows from untrusted sources to sinks, as no external inputs are processed or outputted to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be straightforward mathematical functions implementing known easing formulas. There are no signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behavior. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present. The only unusual aspect is the comprehensive set of mathematical functions, but these are standard easing algorithms.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple functions for easing animations, which are standard mathematical functions used for UI effects. All functions are pure, mathematical, and do not interact with external data, environment, or network. The module exports these functions for use elsewhere. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data leakage, or security risks. The code structure and implementation are consistent with common easing libraries. The absence of external input handling, data transmission, or system modifications indicates no malicious intent or malware. The code is not obfuscated and appears to be well-structured.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of standard animation easing functions with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It is a typical utility library for animations, with no signs of malware, data leakage, or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}