{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JavaScript expression parser and evaluator, including mathematical functions, tokenization, and expression simplification for mathematical expressions.",
  "sources": "Reads input expressions from the 'expr' parameter during parsing; reads variables from the 'variables' argument during evaluation; accesses Math object functions and constants.",
  "sinks": "Evaluates mathematical functions and expressions, including user-supplied variables; utilizes 'new Function' for generating JavaScript functions from parsed expressions.",
  "flows": "Input expression strings are tokenized and parsed into Expression objects; evaluate method processes variables and computes results via internal stacks; 'toJSFunction' creates dynamic functions from expressions.",
  "anomalies": "Uses 'new Function' to generate executable code from string expressions, which can be risky if input is malicious; extensive token handling for parsing expressions; no direct hardcoded credentials or backdoors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs complex parsing of mathematical expressions with tokenization, expression tree construction, and evaluation. It handles various operators, functions, constants, variables, and supports expression simplification and substitution. The use of 'new Function' introduces potential security concerns if untrusted input is parsed and turned into executable code, as this could enable injection of malicious scripts. However, the parser itself does not include any obvious malicious or sabotage code, nor does it send data over networks, access the environment variables maliciously, or perform system modifications. The dynamic code generation appears to be confined to mathematical expressions, not arbitrary code execution. The code does not include hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. The overall structure is complex but appears to serve legitimate mathematical parsing and evaluation purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical expression parser and evaluator with dynamic function generation. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or sabotage. The primary security concern is the use of 'new Function', which can be risky if untrusted input is evaluated. No evidence of malware, data exfiltration, or backdoors was found. Overall, the package appears safe but should be used with caution regarding input validation when using 'toJSFunction'.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}