{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React Native component called ProgressCircle, used to display a circular progress indicator with optional animation and text display.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from props such as 'progress', 'rotation', 'indeterminate', 'size', 'color', 'borderColor', 'borderWidth', 'formatText', and 'children'. It also reads from the Animated.Value instances provided via props.",
  "sinks": "The code performs rendering via SVG components, which are controlled by the props and animated values. It does not send or receive data over network or system calls.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (props) flows into the component and influences rendering. The progress value is updated via listeners when animated, but this affects only visual rendering, not external data. The rotation animation is controlled via interpolate, affecting visual state only.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code uses standard React Native and react-native-svg components, with typical animation handling. No obfuscated or malicious code is detected. No suspicious network calls, data exfiltration, or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard React Native component for displaying a progress circle, with animated support via 'withAnimation' HOC. It uses props to configure appearance and behavior. The component updates visual state based on props and animated values but does not perform any network operations, file system access, or system modifications. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets or unusual code patterns are identified. The code appears clean, purposeful, and consistent with typical React Native practices.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a standard React Native progress indicator component without any malicious behavior or security risks. It solely handles UI rendering and animations based on provided props and animated values. There are no signs of malware or supply chain threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}