{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this code appears to be a minimal or placeholder module, potentially intended to provide some basic functionality or serve as a stub. The name 'affix' suggests it may relate to string manipulation or similar tasks, but without additional context or code, its exact purpose is unclear.",
  "sources": "The code does not explicitly read input or data from external sources, such as files, network, environment variables, or user input. It primarily consists of a function definition or module structure, but no data sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks where untrusted data could lead to data leaks, code execution, or other vulnerabilities. No network calls, database queries, or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "No data flow from source to sink is observable, as the code does not process external input or produce output in its current form.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears minimal and lacks substantive implementation. There are no signs of unusual or suspicious constructs, hardcoded secrets, or complex logic. The name 'affix' alone does not indicate malicious intent, and the code is very sparse.",
  "analysis": "The provided code is extremely limited, containing either an empty or placeholder structure with no operational logic. There are no input sources, no processing, and no output or sink points. Because of this, there are no obvious security issues or malicious behaviors. The absence of functional code suggests this is either a stub or incomplete. Without further code, it's impossible to identify malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the available code snippet, there are no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. The code is minimal and does not perform any operations that could be harmful. It appears safe but also incomplete or trivial. No malware signals or anomalies are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.3,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}