{
  "purpose": "This library provides arbitrary-precision decimal arithmetic operations for JavaScript, such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, exponentiation, and formatting of large or precise numbers.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data mainly through constructor functions and method parameters, such as number or string inputs to create Big instances, and method arguments for operations like division, comparison, and formatting.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs formatted string representations of numbers and returns new Big instances after calculations. No direct sinks appear to handle untrusted external data directly, apart from standard method returns.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into the constructor or methods (e.g., add, subtract, divide), which process the data internally without external data leaks. The results are returned as strings or new Big instances, with no evident data exfiltration or network activity.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs. The code performs standard arithmetic and formatting operations. The license comment and code structure appear typical. No dynamic code execution or code injection mechanisms are present. The code adheres to common JavaScript patterns and does not include obfuscated or misleading code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-documented implementation of arbitrary-precision decimal arithmetic, including standard functions like add, subtract, multiply, divide, power, square root, and formatting methods. It validates input using regex, handles special cases like zero and negative numbers, and implements rounding modes. No network calls, data leaks, or external command executions are present. The structure and flow are straightforward, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The license comment and module export statements conform to standard open-source practices. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, open-source library for mathematical computations with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard open-source decimal arithmetic library with no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It performs its intended purpose securely and transparently, with no suspicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}