{
  "purpose": "This code defines a source map preprocessor for Karma testing, handling source map parsing, remapping, and integration into the build process.",
  "sources": "Input data includes the content of source map files, inline source map URLs within source files, and external source map files read via fs.readFile.",
  "sinks": "The code writes parsed and possibly remapped source map data into 'file.sourceMap'. It also logs messages via the provided logger, which could potentially leak sensitive information if logs are exposed.",
  "flows": "Sources (file content, inline data, file reads) are parsed and processed. Data flows into parseMap, inlineMap, fileMap functions, which interpret and possibly modify source map data. Remapping functions modify source paths. Final source map data is assigned to 'file.sourceMap'.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network connections are present. Use of Buffer.from and JSON parsing are standard. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic code. Logging is standard, with no evident malicious data leakage.",
  "analysis": "The code performs source map parsing, remapping, and file reading operations in a controlled manner. It uses regexes for detecting source map URLs and inline data formats. Remapping is configurable and performed via provided mappings or functions. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication beyond file reads, data exfiltration, or code injection. The code adheres to normal patterns for source map handling. All external dependencies are standard Node.js modules or common libraries. The logging statements are for debugging purposes and do not process untrusted input in a way that would cause harm.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard source map preprocessor with configurable remapping options. It does not contain malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. It handles source maps securely and as expected for its purpose. No malware or security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}