{
  "purpose": "This code generates CSV files from data objects, providing configuration options for CSV formatting, and includes functions for generating CSV strings, blobs, and downloading files in a browser environment.",
  "sources": "Data inputs for CSV generation come from function parameters, primarily the data array passed to functions like generateCsv and download. Configuration data is derived from the mkConfig function or directly from options objects.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the creation of Blob objects for file download and programmatic creation of anchor elements (a) for initiating downloads. Blob URLs are generated via URL.createObjectURL, which are used for file download in the browser.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input data arrays through CSV formatting functions, possibly incorporating user-supplied options, into Blob objects and finally triggers downloads via dynamically created anchor elements.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution, no suspicious variable naming. The code handles data sanitization for CSV, but does not handle external inputs beyond function parameters. No hardcoded secrets or credentials detected. The code's structure is straightforward and standard for CSV generation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a CSV generator library designed for browser environments. It defines configuration options and utility functions for formatting data into CSV, handling quoting, delimiters, and text encoding. It includes functions for converting data into strings and blobs, and for triggering downloads. No external data sources, network calls, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code does not perform any malicious actions such as data exfiltration, system modification, or communication with external domains. All functions serve legitimate CSV generation purposes.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate CSV generation library with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It strictly provides CSV formatting, blob creation, and download functionality for client-side use. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware indicators are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}