{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions and classes for generating and downloading CSV/TSV/text files with configurable options, primarily used for data export/report generation.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options (via the 'W' parameter), global variables, and properties from objects passed to functions such as G(W) and the configuration object. It also reads DOM APIs for file download and string manipulation functions.",
  "sinks": "File download via dynamically created anchor elements, creating Blob objects for data, and string concatenation for CSV content. No data is sent over the network or external systems.",
  "flows": "Configuration objects are passed to functions (e.g., G(W)) which generate CSV content strings, which are then converted into Blobs for download. The data flow is internal and primarily string processing; no external data flows detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code uses standard libraries and DOM APIs for file download. No obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution, and no unusual variables or behaviors are present. No indications of malicious privacy violations or data exfiltration mechanisms.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard CSV/TSV generation utility with configurable options for separator, quoting, headers, and file properties. It includes custom error classes for specific errors during CSV generation and download. String escaping and formatting functions follow typical CSV conventions. It uses DOM APIs for initiating file downloads, which is normal in browser environments. No suspicious network activity, data leaks, or malicious behaviors are found. The code structure and logic are consistent with legitimate data export functionality.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, benign CSV generation and download utility with no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It is designed for client-side data export in browser environments and does not perform any suspicious or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}