{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component for a hover animation effect involving icons with customizable styles and directions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from component props (Icon, IconSize, Color, BackgroundColor, Transition, Direction, Circle, Padding). It accesses DOM elements via document.querySelector and refs. Event listeners are added to the component's DOM element.",
  "sinks": "Event listeners modify inline styles of DOM elements, changing transform, box-shadow, color, and background-color properties based on hover events.",
  "flows": "Input props influence style calculations. Event listeners alter styles on mouseover and mouseleave, affecting visual presentation but do not involve untrusted external data or network activity.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamically generated IDs for class names, which are used for DOM selection. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious URLs are present. The event handling and style updates are standard for hover effects. No malicious code or hidden backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The component dynamically calculates box sizes and applies style transformations based on props. It uses React refs and event listeners to manage hover animations. The code does not perform network requests, access system resources, or handle sensitive data. All DOM manipulations are limited to styling for visual effects. No signs of malware, data leakage, or malicious behavior are identified. The structure and functionality are consistent with an interactive UI component. The IDs and class names are for styling and do not pose security concerns. The code appears safe and free from malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a React hover animation component that manipulates styles for visual effects. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious network activity, and no security risks. It is a standard UI component implementation.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}