{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a command-line interface (CLI) module that processes user input, determines the package name, configures options, and initiates a process via the Shoulder class or function, likely for package analysis or inspection.",
  "sources": "Input source is 'yargv', which is likely command-line arguments; 'cwd' parameter for current working directory; 'options' parameter for configuration overrides.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs options objects and invokes 'new ShoulderConstructor(...).run(...)'. The 'run' method may perform network requests or filesystem operations, but details are abstracted; no direct data sinks are visible.",
  "flows": "Input 'yargv' influences 'packageName' and options; these options are passed to 'Shoulder' instance which executes 'run'. The flow is from user input to package name resolution and then to execution of 'run' method.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code handles errors gracefully when retrieving package info. No unusual code constructs or suspicious behavior observed.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a CLI handler: it processes arguments to determine package name, maps output options, and configures a 'Shoulder' object to perform an operation. The only external input is command-line args and 'cwd', both of which are typical. The invocation of 'run' is standard, with no evident malicious behavior or malicious data handling. There are no obfuscated parts, no code injection, no suspicious network activity in this fragment. Overall, the code is straightforward, with no signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard CLI wrapper for a package analysis tool, with no malicious or suspicious behavior detected. It correctly processes inputs, handles errors, and delegates to external modules. No security risks or malware signals identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}