{
  "purpose": "The code implements the quantile function for the Wilcoxon signed rank test statistic, which computes the value at a given probability p for a specified number of observations n.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters p and n, and requires external modules: '@stdlib/math-base-assert-is-positive-integer', '@stdlib/math-base-assert-is-finite', '@stdlib/math-base-assert-is-nan', '@stdlib/math-base-special-exp', '@stdlib/constants-float64-ln-two', and './weights.js'.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the return of the quantile value q. No untrusted data is directly written or transmitted elsewhere.",
  "flows": "Input p and n are validated; if valid, the function computes pui, then iteratively accumulates weighted probabilities via weights(q, n) until the cumulative sum exceeds p, returning q.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns. The code uses standard math functions, validation checks, and a simple iterative process. All variables and operations are consistent with standard statistical computations. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs input validation for p and n, ensuring they are within valid ranges and types. It calculates pui as an exponential decay based on n. The main loop accumulates weighted probabilities using an external 'weights' module, which likely computes binomial or related weights for the distribution. The process follows a typical quantile calculation pattern for a discrete distribution. No malicious behavior or malicious side effects are evident. External modules are standard for mathematical assertions and constants, with no signs of malicious imports or operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation of a statistical quantile function for the Wilcoxon signed rank test. No malicious or suspicious behaviors are detected. The code relies on external modules for assertions and weights, which are typical in statistical computations. Overall, it is safe and aligns with intended functionality.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}