{
  "purpose": "This source code defines validation schemas for enum types using Joi, including functions to extract enum values, generate schemas for enum validation, and handle enums with labels added by TypeScript. It aims to facilitate schema validation for enums in JavaScript.",
  "sources": "Reads enum objects to extract their values and labels; accepts input data for validation via Joi schemas.",
  "sinks": "Uses Joi validation methods on enum values; no data is directly written or transmitted over network; no system commands or external calls.",
  "flows": "Enum objects are processed to generate Joi schemas (sources) which then validate input data (sinks). The code converts enum values to schemas, which are then used for validation.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code such as network requests, file system access, dynamic code execution, or hidden backdoors. The code performs standard enum value processing and schema creation. No hardcoded secrets or credentials found.",
  "analysis": "The code thoroughly processes enum objects to generate Joi validation schemas, filtering enum keys to avoid numeric labels, and handling enums with string and number values. Functions like 'enumValues', 'enumSchema', 'arrayEnumSchema', and related helpers are straightforward and primarily intended for validation schema generation. The code does not contain any obfuscated, minified, or suspicious constructs. No network activity, system modifications, or data exfiltration behaviors are present. The only potential concern is the throw of errors if the enum is improperly structured, which is normal for validation schemas. Overall, the code appears to be a standard utility for enum validation with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for creating Joi validation schemas from enum objects. It includes no suspicious or malicious behavior and functions solely for schema generation and validation. No malware or security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}