{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom web component <mutti-heading> for rendering a date heading with month and year labels, as part of a date or calendar UI.",
  "sources": "The code reads properties like 'lang' (via 'this.lang' in connectedCallback), and uses data from 'MuttiDateFormatter' and 'MuttiDate'. It imports external modules for CSS, decorators, and date handling.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks where untrusted data is written to network, filesystem, or executed as code.",
  "flows": "Input data from properties like 'lang' and date objects flow into formatting functions. The 'visibleMonths' are computed from internal date calculations based on camera properties (offset, width). No external untrusted data is directly used to generate outputs that could be malicious.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of a calendar header. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code behaviors are present. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a custom web component using LitElement. It manages date calculations and rendering of a calendar header with visible months. It does not include any network operations, dynamic code execution, or suspicious behaviors. The import statements, property definitions, and rendering logic are consistent with typical UI component code. No obfuscation or malicious constructs are detected. The date formatter and date object usage are purely for display purposes. There are no signs of data leakage, credential storage, or malicious code injection.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign UI component for displaying calendar headers with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It only handles visual rendering and internal date calculations. There are no security risks or malware indicators present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}