{
  "purpose": "This code implements Hermite interpolation functions, including a smoothstep function, for use in mathematical or graphical applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters for interpolation, such as 'min', 'max', 't', 'from', 'to', 'fromValue', 'toValue', 'fromDerivate', 'toDerivate', and also imports external modules.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any direct data sinks; it performs calculations and returns numerical values. No untrusted data is transmitted externally or written to system resources.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into the interpolation functions, which compute and return interpolated values. The flow is internal and mathematical, with no external data leaks or network activity.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. The code uses standard mathematical functions and class inheritance structures. No obfuscation or suspicious dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a set of mathematical functions for Hermite interpolation, including helper functions for basis functions and their derivatives. It defines a class 'HermiteInterpolation' that extends an imported interface, providing methods for evaluating the interpolation at given points and their derivatives. The code is well-structured, standard, and appears purely mathematical without external side effects. No code performs network communication, file system access, or other malicious activities. All functions operate on input parameters and produce numerical outputs. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of Hermite interpolation functions used for mathematical computations or graphics. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is safe for use as part of a larger project.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}