{
  "purpose": "This code provides various mathematical, statistical, and matrix manipulation functions, classes, and data processing utilities designed for data analysis, statistical modeling, and matrix algebra within a JavaScript environment.",
  "sources": "Data inputs are read from function parameters, such as datasets, matrices, or objects. The code reads external input mainly through function arguments and method calls, but no explicit external data sources, network requests, or environment variables are accessed or used.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include data returned from functions, logs to console, and DOM manipulations (e.g., creating and appending divs). The code does not perform network requests, system calls, or file I/O. Sensitive information like credentials is not hardcoded. Data leakage or privacy violations are unlikely given the code's functionality.",
  "flows": "Data flows are primarily internal, from input datasets or matrices through processing functions to outputs, logs, or DOM elements. No external untrusted data enters the system or is transmitted externally. The functions operate on provided data without network or environment variable interactions.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no suspicious or malicious patterns such as hidden backdoors, unauthorized data exfiltration, or system manipulations. There are extensive mathematical functions, but no code constructs indicating sabotage or covert behavior. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obfuscation or unusual language features are used. The code uses standard JavaScript features and is structured for mathematical computation and data handling.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive library implementing numerical and statistical functions, matrix operations, data grouping, and analysis workflows. It uses straightforward algorithms, no dynamic code execution, no network calls, and no environment variable manipulations. All functions and classes serve legitimate purposes for data analysis. The presence of logging and DOM manipulation functions is limited to display purposes, not malicious activities. No signals of malware, backdoors, or sabotage are evident. The functions operate only on passed-in data without external dependencies that could introduce malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured JavaScript library for data analysis, matrix operations, statistical modeling, and data visualization. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. The usage of internal mathematical algorithms and data handling is standard and safe in the context of data processing tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}