{
  "purpose": "Implementation of a HashMap data structure with functions for creation, insertion, retrieval, iteration, and display, using internal nodes, collisions, and bitmaps for efficient key-value storage.",
  "sources": "Require statements for external modules (hash-map-node, hash-map-collision, hash-map-iterator, pairwise-array-iterator, helpers), method parameters, and object properties such as source, iterable, and arguments.",
  "sinks": "Methods that access or manipulate internal data structures (retrieve, associate, filter, remove, forEach, map, reduce), and string formatting functions that generate string representations of data.",
  "flows": "Sources like input data (iterable, arguments) are processed through functions like accrete to insert data into the HashMap. Retrieval functions traverse internal nodes and collisions to access data. Formatting functions generate string outputs from internal data. No external network or system calls are made.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. The code appears to be a standard, albeit complex, implementation of a HashMap with internal node and collision handling. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or suspicious variable names are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of a persistent HashMap data structure using bitmaps, nodes, and collision objects. It includes methods for creating instances, inserting elements, retrieving values, iterating over entries, comparing equality, and converting to string format. The code requires external modules, but there is no evidence of network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior. The functions are consistent with standard data structure logic, and no hidden or malicious logic is detected. The only potential concern is that some methods perform complex internal manipulations, but these are typical for high-performance hash implementations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a HashMap data structure without any signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs expected operations such as insertion, retrieval, iteration, and formatting. There are no indicators of malware or malicious intent. The security risk level is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}