{
  "purpose": "The code implements a persistent hash map data structure with various methods for data manipulation, retrieval, and formatting, primarily for internal use in JavaScript applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, such as the 'source' parameter in the constructor, and input iterables passed to 'accrete' and related functions. It also reads from object properties like 'size', 'bitmap', and 'table' within Node and Collision instances.",
  "sinks": "The code writes data to internal structures like 'table', 'bitmap', or output formatting functions. No direct data leak sinks or network outputs are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and iterables (sources) into internal structures like nodes and tables, with some flows through functions like 'accrete' that merge data. No external sinks are invoked with untrusted data.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors are present. The code appears to be a standard implementation of a hash map with internal data management and formatting functions. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hidden behavior is detected. The require statements load external modules, but these are assumed to be part of the library. The code uses standard JavaScript features and idioms.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a HashMap class with typical methods for data storage, retrieval, iteration, and formatting. It manages internal data through nodes and collisions, and performs operations like insertion and merging ('accrete') with detailed control of bitmaps and indices. The functions are primarily for data management, not for network activity or system modifications. No code appears to perform any malicious actions, such as exfiltration, remote communication, or sabotage. The presence of require statements indicates reliance on external modules, but these are likely part of the intended library. The code structure and comments do not indicate any obfuscation or malicious intent. It appears to be a legitimate, well-structured data structure implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard implementation of an internal hash map data structure with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It handles data safely within the context of its operations. No suspicious patterns or dangerous functions are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}