{
  "purpose": "This module initializes and exports functions to interact with a native SDK library for face recognition and ID card processing, facilitating both online and offline activation, face feature extraction, comparison, and engine management.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to the exported functions, especially the 'libFile' path for loading the native library and various handle or data structures passed to functions such as activation, feature extraction, and comparison.",
  "sinks": "Function calls to native code via 'ffi.Library' which may process untrusted input data or file paths, potentially leading to injection if inputs are not sanitized; usage of external libraries ('ffi-napi', './typedef') which could be compromised if maliciously modified; any data returned or modified via pointers or references (e.g., 'ref.refType').",
  "flows": "Input 'libFile' → 'ffi.Library' loading native functions → invocation of these functions with parameters → potential processing of untrusted data or inputs within the native library.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code appears to be a straightforward wrapper around a native SDK, with standard function mappings. No obfuscated code, hidden behaviors, or unusual constructs observed. The use of dynamic loading of native libraries can be risky if 'libFile' is not validated but is a common pattern in such modules.",
  "analysis": "The code loads a native library using 'ffi-napi' and exports functions that interface with SDK features for face recognition and ID card processing. It accepts a file path to the native library as input, which is standard but requires validation outside this code. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious logic are evident. The functions interact with native code via well-defined types, and no dynamic code execution, network activity, or data exfiltration is present. The structure is typical for a wrapper module, and the code appears to serve legitimate purposes related to biometric processing. No indications of malicious intent or security risks are detected within this snippet.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a standard interface to a biometric SDK via native bindings. It does not contain malicious behavior, suspicious anomalies, or security risks within this snippet. Its security relies on proper validation of inputs and secure native library implementation, but the code itself appears benign and purpose-driven.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}