{
  "purpose": "This module initializes and exports functions to interact with a native SDK library for facial recognition and ID card processing, providing various activation, configuration, and processing capabilities.",
  "sources": "The code reads the input parameter 'libFile' which specifies the path to the native library file used by ffi.Library to load functions.",
  "sinks": "Function calls to the native library via ffi.Library, which execute functions that may process sensitive data or perform system operations. No direct data leakage or system modification observed in the code itself.",
  "flows": "The input 'libFile' flows from the parameter into ffi.Library to load external functions; subsequent function calls from the library are invoked with various parameters including handles, configurations, and data structures.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward and appears to be a wrapper for native SDK functions. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic are evident. No obfuscated or dynamic code execution observed. The naming of functions aligns with standard SDK operations.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily acts as a thin wrapper to load and export native SDK functions related to facial recognition and ID card processing. It takes a file path for the SDK library and exposes functions for activation, data processing, and retrieval of information. The use of 'ffi-napi' is standard for calling native code from Node.js. No suspicious code, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior detected. All functions seem to serve legitimate SDK purposes. No anomalies in code structure or logic were found. The data flow involves passing parameters to SDK functions, likely involving sensitive biometric data, but the code itself does not handle or leak data directly.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate SDK wrapper for facial recognition and ID card processing functionalities. No signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are present. It is a standard implementation with no suspicious anomalies. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}