{
  "purpose": "This module loads and exports functions from a native library related to facial recognition and ID card processing, facilitating both online and offline activation, device info retrieval, face data processing, and liveness detection.",
  "sources": "Library file path provided as 'libFile' parameter; function calls to the loaded native library functions; input parameters for each function (e.g., strings, handles, pointers).",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data inputs passed to native functions (e.g., activation parameters, face images, device info), which could lead to data leaks if mishandled, but are primarily function parameters. No direct sinks like network calls or file writes are evident in this code.",
  "flows": "Input data (activation info, face images, device info) flows into native library functions, which process them; results are returned via function outputs. No external data flow or network transmission is directly evident in this code.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behaviors observed. The code is straightforward, acting as an interface to native functions with no obfuscated code, no hardcoded credentials, and no hidden behaviors. No signs of malicious behavior or backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a module that loads native functions for facial recognition and ID card processing using 'ffi'. It exposes multiple functions for activation, info retrieval, face data extraction, comparison, and liveness detection. All function calls appear to operate on provided parameters, with no evident malicious or suspicious logic. The structure is typical for native bindings, and no external network, file system, or suspicious behavior is detected. No hardcoded secrets or anomalies are present. The code simply acts as a bridge to native DLL functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard JavaScript binding to a facial recognition/native library, with no signs of malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It does not contain obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious data handling. It is a normal interface module for biometric processing.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}