{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Webpack configuration for building a JavaScript project, setting paths, loaders, plugins, and externals based on provided options.",
  "sources": "Options parameter (mode, target, devtool, plugins), package.json dependencies, environment variables (implied via options), require calls for plugins and loaders.",
  "sinks": "Dynamic require calls for plugins and loaders, external dependency mappings, potential inclusion of malicious plugins or misconfigured externals (though unlikely here).",
  "flows": "Options influence external dependency mapping and build mode; require calls load plugins; configuration options determine loaders and output; external dependencies are mapped based on package.json dependencies.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic require calls within plugin definitions, which is common but can be misused if options are untrusted; no hardcoded secrets or network activity; code is straightforward and unminified.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Webpack configuration script that dynamically sets paths, loaders, externals, and plugins based on input options. No suspicious or malicious patterns are present. The dynamic require calls are typical for plugin loading. External dependencies are mapped from package.json, which is standard. No obfuscation, network activity, or hardcoded secrets are detected. The security risk score of 0.2 is justified, reflecting minimal inherent risk in build scripts but acknowledging potential manipulation if options are untrusted. The malware score is 0, as no malicious code or behavior is evident. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. Overall, the code appears safe and typical for a build configuration.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, safe Webpack configuration with no signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or vulnerabilities. The assigned scores are appropriate and consistent with the analysis. No further action or adjustments are necessary.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}