{
  "purpose": "The code implements a JavaScript-based 3D model viewer with scene management, controls, and a Vue.js component wrapper, allowing users to load and interact with glTF models and add points for annotation.",
  "sources": "Data is read from URL parameters, imported modules, and user interactions such as clicks and touch events. It reads model URLs, control settings, and configuration options.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests for model loading (via THREE.GLTFLoader), DOM manipulation for UI, event dispatching, and WebGL rendering. No evidence of data leaks or malicious network activity is found.",
  "flows": "Input URLs and options flow into model loader and viewer setup; user interactions (clicks, touches) trigger events that can invoke callbacks; configuration options influence scene and control updates.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are detected. The code loads external scripts, textures, and models but does so via standard libraries and controlled import paths. No obfuscated code or unusual code constructs are present outside normal minification patterns. Event handling and resource management appear typical for a 3D viewer component.",
  "analysis": "The code features standard module imports for three.js and loaders, defines classes for scene and control management, and wraps a Vue.js component for embedding. It handles model loading, camera controls, scene setup, and user interaction with no signs of malicious behavior. No network traffic or hidden code indicates malicious intent. Use of external libraries and event handlers align with typical 3D visualization tools. The code does not contain obfuscated patterns or suspicious dynamic code execution. The focus is on rendering and interaction, with all data flows and sinks appropriate for its purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a legitimate 3D model viewer component with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It employs standard practices for resource loading, user interaction, and scene management. No malicious behaviors such as data theft, reverse shells, or hidden network activity are evident. The code is well-structured for its purpose and appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}