{
  "purpose": "This source code appears to define and export various constants and functions related to the 'ZeeBee' clustering and property management system, likely for managing or analyzing cluster nodes and their properties.",
  "sources": "The code reads environmental variables (via process.env), imports external modules (such as awes-cdk-lib and aws-ec2), and references system or package data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include environment variables, external module functions, and data that could be transmitted or logged. However, there is no evidence of data being sent over the network or written to sensitive locations within this fragment.",
  "flows": "Input data from environment variables or imported modules could be used within functions, but no explicit data flow to external systems, files, or network communications is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a base64-encoded source map comment, but no obfuscated or minified code is present. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors. Variable names are meaningful. The only potentially unusual aspect is the presence of source map comment, which is typical in transpiled code, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code imports several modules for system and environment interaction, defines constants for cluster node management, and exports a set of properties and functions. There is no indication of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, system tampering, or network connections. The source map comment at the end is a standard practice and not suspicious. No anomalies or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward module exporting cluster and environment-related constants and functions. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks within this fragment. The source map comment is benign. Overall, the code appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}