{
  "purpose": "This source code provides exports of various utility functions and constants related to a Vue.js component library, including functionality for security groups, environment detection, and configuration. It appears to set up the foundation for a Vue-based component system with some configuration options.",
  "sources": "Imports from 'aws-sdk/lib/aws-ecc', 'aws-sdk/lib/aws-ecc', 'aws-sdk/lib/aws-ec2', 'aws-sdk/lib/aws-ec2', 'aws-sdk/lib/aws-ec2', environment variables like 'process.env', and internal constants.",
  "sinks": "Usage of environment variables, potential network operations if any (not explicitly seen here), and internal functions that could process untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Input sources (environment variables, imported modules) are used internally within functions to configure behavior or export constants. No explicit data flow from untrusted external sources to sinks observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a source map comment, and import statements are standard. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code behaviors. The base64 source map is typical for minified or transpiled code; no obfuscation or malicious intent apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of import statements from AWS SDK modules and exports of constants and functions for security group management, environment detection, and configuration. The presence of a source map URL indicates the code might be transpiled or minified but not obfuscated maliciously. There are no signs of malicious code such as network calls, data exfiltration, backdoors, or hardcoded secrets. The code does not process untrusted data directly and appears to serve as a utility library. The source map URL is standard and does not indicate malicious intent. No suspicious patterns or anomalies are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard utility module for a Vue.js-based AWS SDK component library with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. The presence of a source map comment is typical for transpiled code, and no malicious or suspicious code is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}