{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React functional component that renders an SVG icon with customizable colors via props.",
  "sources": "The code reads props passed to the component, specifically color-related properties such as 'color', 'baseColor', 'baseColor1', 'baseColor2', 'detailsColor', 'detailsColor1', 'detailsColor2', and spread attributes '...rest'.",
  "sinks": "The SVG element's 'fill' attribute uses the 'color' prop, and 'fill' attributes within SVG elements use the color-related props. These could potentially be exploited if untrusted input is passed via props to inject malicious SVG content or styles.",
  "flows": "Input props (color values) are used directly in SVG attributes without validation. The 'fill' attributes and spread props can accept untrusted data that could influence SVG rendering, potentially leading to CSS-based attacks or information leakage if malicious input is provided.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are present. The code disables ESLint rules for unused variables but does not perform any dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or network activity. All code appears straightforward and standard for a React component.",
  "analysis": "The component accepts various color-related props and applies them directly to SVG elements. No user input is explicitly read other than these props. There are no functions executing untrusted code, no network calls, or manipulations of system resources. The use of 'props' is typical for React components, and the code is static with no signs of obfuscation or malicious logic. The only consideration is that if untrusted data is passed into these props, it could influence the rendering of SVGs but does not inherently pose malicious risks without further context.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React SVG icon component with configurable colors. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. The main security concern relates to the use of external or untrusted props influencing SVG rendering, which could potentially be exploited for CSS-based attacks or information leakage, but this is minimal in the current static context.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}