{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client interface for controlling a Wi-Fi connected device, including network scanning, configuration retrieval, movement commands, and camera controls.",
  "sources": "Network requests to CGI endpoints (/get_params.cgi, /wifi_scan.cgi, /get_wifi_scan_result.cgi, /wifi_car_control.cgi, /decoder_control.cgi), reading hardcoded credentials, and input parameters for camera angles and wheel commands.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted input parameters (e.g., 'deg' for camera angles, 'wheel' commands), URL construction with embedded credentials, and request responses processed by runScript, which could potentially be exploited if inputs are malicious.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., 'key', 'deg', 'wheel') flow into request query strings or function calls, which then execute network requests. Responses from these requests are processed by runScript and used internally or returned via callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of hardcoded credentials ('AC13'/'AC13') embedded directly in URLs, which could be exposed if code is shared or logs are captured. No obfuscation or malicious code is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward device control client with network requests to specific CGI endpoints. It uses hardcoded credentials, which is a security concern but does not constitute malicious behavior. No signs of malware such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity are present. The code structure is clear, with no obfuscation. The main security risk stems from credential exposure, which could be exploited if the code is compromised or shared. The request parameters are used directly without validation, but this alone does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code is benign but insecure due to embedded credentials.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not contain malware or obfuscation. The primary security concern is the hardcoded credentials, which pose a moderate risk if exposed. There is no evidence of malicious activity. The scores of malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.4 are appropriate; the risk could be slightly lowered to 0.3 given the absence of active malicious behavior, but 0.4 remains justified due to credential exposure.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}