{
  "purpose": "This source code defines React components for grid layout visualization, specifically row and column grids with customizable properties such as count, spacing, alignment, and colors.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), imports React, and utilizes component properties (props) for configuration. It also generates arrays for rendering grid elements based on input parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code creates DOM elements with inline styles and classNames, and renders React JSX components. No direct data sinks such as network requests, system calls, or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input props (rows, columns, spacing, alignment, color, opacity) flow into component rendering logic, generating arrays of styled divs which are rendered into the DOM. Environment variable checks control development vs production behavior.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes verbose, complex React internal code for JSX runtime, but this is standard React boilerplate and not suspicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors detected. The environment variable check for NODE_ENV only toggles development mode; this is typical for React components.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with React JSX runtime setup, which is standard React internal code. It defines two React components, LayoutRowsGrid and LayoutColumnsGrid, with customizable props for visual grid overlays. These components generate a series of styled divs representing grid lines, used for layout debugging or visualization purposes. The code does not perform any network requests, system modifications, or data leaks. It also does not include any obfuscated code or hidden behaviors. No suspicious code patterns or malicious intent are detected. The only noteworthy aspect is that the code outputs visual overlays based on environment variables, which is common for debugging tools.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a React component library for visualizing grid layouts for layout debugging. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is a standard, benign utility for frontend development with no indication of supply chain attacks or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}