{
  "purpose": "This code provides React components for grid layouts (rows and columns) with visual indicators for layout boundaries, used mainly in UI development or design preview tools.",
  "sources": "Imports React module, process.env.NODE_ENV, and uses these environment variables for conditional rendering. It reads environment variables to determine production mode, and it processes component props for layout configuration.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks identified; the code primarily generates JSX elements with styling and layout properties, no data leaks or external network actions.",
  "flows": "Sources (environment variables, input props) influence conditional rendering and style configurations. Props flow into JSX components, affecting visual layout. No external data flows or untrusted sinks are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code conditionally renders layout overlays only in development mode (when NODE_ENV !== 'production'), which is standard. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic. The import of 'react' is standard, and no dynamic code execution or obfuscated code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines two React components, LayoutRowsGrid and LayoutColumnsGrid, which render layout guides with configurable properties such as number of rows/columns, spacing, alignment, and color. These components are wrapped in environment variable checks to only render in non-production environments, likely for development/debugging purposes. No external network activity, no data leaks, no use of untrusted input beyond standard props, and no suspicious behaviors detected. The code uses standard React patterns, environment variables, and style management. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or malware. The code structure and logic appear legitimate for UI layout overlay tools.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of development layout overlays for React applications, with no indicators of malicious behavior or security risks. It conditionally renders based on environment variables and uses standard React practices. No malware or suspicious activity is present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}