{
  "purpose": "This code constructs and exports an Apollo GraphQL client configured to communicate with a specified GraphQL endpoint, with custom response handling for cookies.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from the 'settings' parameter, specifically 'odooGraphqlUrl', 'fetchOptions', and 'headers'. It also reads response headers during the execution of the ApolloLink afterware.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data from response headers ('set-cookie') is added to response.data.cookie, potentially exposing cookies if the data is transmitted insecurely. No other data sinks or external data exfiltration points are evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (settings) → createHttpLink configuration → response headers ('set-cookie') → response.data.cookie; Also, the Apollo Client communicates with the server via fetch, using provided headers and options.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, hardcoded credentials, or unusual behaviors detected. The code uses standard Apollo Client patterns, with a custom afterware to extract cookies from response headers, which is a common practice. No suspicious dynamic code execution or hidden behaviors identified.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes an ApolloClient with a link composed of an HTTP link and an afterware that appends cookies from response headers to the response data. It securely utilizes provided settings for URLs and headers. The response cookie handling could potentially leak session info if response.data is exposed insecurely, but this is a standard pattern for cookie handling. No malicious or sabotage code such as data exfiltration, cryptomining, reverse shells, or backdoors is present. The code appears to be a standard, well-structured client setup.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical setup for an Apollo GraphQL client with cookie extraction logic. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks beyond normal cookie handling. The overall security risk is low, with some caution needed regarding exposure of cookies if response.data is transmitted insecurely.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}