{
  "purpose": "Constructs an Apollo Client with middleware to extract 'set-cookie' headers and attach them to response data for session management.",
  "sources": "Reads 'odooGraphqlUrl', 'fetchOptions', and 'headers' from 'settings'; uses 'createHttpLink' and 'fetch' to perform HTTP requests; accesses response headers via 'context.response.headers'.",
  "sinks": "Attaches 'set-cookie' header value to 'response.data.cookie', which could be transmitted downstream or logged, potentially exposing sensitive session cookies.",
  "flows": "HTTP response headers are accessed in middleware; 'set-cookie' header is retrieved and assigned to 'response.data.cookie'; response data is then returned to the caller, potentially exposing cookies if response data is transmitted insecurely.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual pattern of attaching 'set-cookie' headers directly to response data, which is not standard practice; no obfuscation or hardcoded secrets detected.",
  "analysis": "The code creates an Apollo Client with custom middleware that extracts 'set-cookie' headers from HTTP responses and attaches them to the response data object. This pattern is standard for session handling but can pose privacy risks if response data is transmitted insecurely or logged. No malicious payloads, obfuscation, or hardcoded secrets are present. The extraction of cookies is straightforward, and the code uses external fetch and standard Apollo setup. The main concern is potential leakage of session cookies through response data exposure, but this is a design consideration rather than an active vulnerability. Malware and obfuscation scores are justified as zero; the security risk score of 0.2 reflects a minor privacy concern due to cookie exposure. Overall, the code is benign, with the primary risk being privacy leakage if response data is mishandled downstream.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Apollo Client setup with a middleware to handle cookies. It does not contain malicious behavior or obfuscation. The main issue is the potential privacy risk of exposing 'set-cookie' headers in response data, which could leak session tokens if response data is transmitted insecurely. The current malware and obfuscation scores are appropriate; the security risk score could be slightly increased to 0.4 or 0.5 if considering the privacy implications, but 0.2 remains reasonable. Overall, the code is low risk and not malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}