{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Vue.js draggable panel component with interactive features such as chart moving, resizing, and scaling, intended for user interface manipulation.",
  "sources": "Reads input from user interactions such as pointer events (pointerdown, pointermove, pointerup), wheel events, keyboard events, and drag-and-drop events. It also reads component props for configuration.",
  "sinks": "Potentially modifies DOM styles and properties based on user input. Emits events such as 'canvas-scale', 'canvas-drop', 'chart-move', and 'chart-scale' which could be intercepted by parent components.",
  "flows": "User interaction events (pointer, wheel, keyboard, drag/drop) are processed to update component state (e.g., scale, position, size), which then affects DOM style updates. These actions are primarily for UI manipulation and do not involve external data or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or unusual behavior detected. The code is primarily UI interaction logic with standard Vue.js features. CSS styles are embedded as a string but are benign. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution found.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Vue.js component for a draggable and resizable chart panel. It handles pointer events for moving and resizing chart items, wheel events for zooming, keyboard events for scale adjustments, and drag/drop events for adding new items. It uses reactive references, computed styles, and event emitters to manage the UI state. The CSS is embedded directly in the code as a string, which is a common pattern for scoped styles. The code appears clean, standard, and focused on UI interactivity. No external network calls, no inclusion of malicious scripts, no backdoors, or data exfiltration logic are present.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a Vue.js component for an interactive chart panel. It operates entirely within the UI context, managing user interactions and visual updates. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code's structure and content do not indicate any attempt to perform sabotage or unauthorized data access.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}