{
  "purpose": "Provides functions to fetch environmental air quality data from the Singapore NEA API, specifically PM25 and general PSI information.",
  "sources": "Reads API key from variable, input parameters (apiKey, dateTime, date), API responses (body), and request configurations.",
  "sinks": "Sends HTTP requests with API key as header, parses JSON responses, and executes callback functions with data.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (apiKey, dateTime, date) -> API request -> API response -> data parsing -> callback with data",
  "anomalies": "Empty API key stored in variable, no validation or obfuscation for the API key; no hardcoded secrets, no suspicious dynamic code execution, no unusual variable naming. The API key is passed via parameters but not initialized within the code; potential for misuse if API key is mishandled externally.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a constructor 'hazometer' with methods to access environment data through HTTP requests to predefined endpoints. The 'checkForKey' function ensures an API key is provided before making requests. The 'getInfo' and 'getPM25' methods perform HTTP GET requests with headers including the API key and parse responses for relevant environmental data. The API key is a variable that is intended to be supplied externally, not hardcoded. The code appears to use standard libraries and follows common patterns for API access. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The only concern is that the API key is empty by default and must be supplied externally, which is expected. No obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious behaviors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward API wrapper for environmental data with no malicious intent. It correctly checks for an API key, makes HTTP requests, and processes responses. No malware or malicious behaviors detected. The low risk is confirmed by the absence of suspicious operations or anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}