{
  "purpose": "This script automates the build, packaging, and uploading process for prebuilt native modules for different runtime environments and platforms.",
  "sources": "Input data from command-line arguments ('runtime', 'version', 'abi', 'upload') and environment variables ('ARCH', 'GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN'), as well as package.json for supported targets.",
  "sinks": "Spawned processes (cmake-js), file system writes (tar.gz archives), network upload via 'prebuild/upload' using GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN.",
  "flows": "Command-line args/environment variables → control build/packaging/upload steps; build process uses spawn to run external build tools; upload function sends files to remote server with access token.",
  "anomalies": "The code directly accesses environment variables, including 'GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN', which may contain sensitive credentials. The script executes external build commands and uploads files without explicit validation of the tokens. No obfuscated code or unusual code constructs are present. The code uses 'process.exit(1)' on build failure, which could terminate the process abruptly. The upload function depends on an external module and environment variable for authentication, which could be exploited if the token is compromised.",
  "analysis": "The script performs typical build and packaging tasks, invoking external processes and uploading artifacts. It reads sensitive data (GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN) directly from environment variables to authenticate uploads, which is standard but risky if environment variables are misconfigured. The use of 'spawn' for build commands is standard. The process of archiving files and uploading appears straightforward and does not contain hidden or malicious behavior. No signs of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious code injection are present. The code does not perform any network activity beyond the upload function, which relies on a token supplied externally. The script does not contain obfuscated code, and no unusual dynamic code execution is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a build and deployment script with standard practices. While it handles sensitive credentials (GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN), it does so in a typical manner for such scripts. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. However, the use of environment variables for tokens warrants caution to prevent credential leakage. Overall, the code appears benign with no malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}