{
  "purpose": "This script automates building, packaging, and optionally uploading prebuilt binaries for a Node.js native module, handling different runtime environments and target architectures.",
  "sources": "User-provided command-line arguments ('runtime', 'version', 'abi', 'upload') and environment variables ('ARCH', 'GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN')",
  "sinks": "Execution of child processes via 'spawn', file system writes for archiving, network upload through 'prebuild/upload', reading of sensitive environment variables",
  "flows": "Input sources (argv, env vars) influence build parameters, which then lead to spawning processes, creating archives, and uploading files",
  "anomalies": "Usage of environment variables for configuration; conditional build and upload logic; no apparent hardcoded credentials or suspicious file operations; reliance on external modules for upload process",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages build and deployment workflows with legitimate functions: spawning build processes ('spawn'), archiving files ('archiver'), and uploading files ('prebuild/upload'). It reads command-line arguments and environment variables to customize behavior. No suspicious code such as data exfiltration, malicious network activity, or backdoors is present. All network interactions are related to legitimate upload functionality. No obfuscated code or malware indicators are detected. The environment variable 'GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN' is used for authentication but is standard practice. The code does not perform any suspicious data leaks, code injection, or unauthorized access. Overall, it appears to be a typical build automation script without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard build and upload automation tool for Node.js native modules. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. The use of environment variables and external modules aligns with normal workflows. No security risks or anomalies are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}