{
  "purpose": "This code initializes and manages animations and scroll interactions for a web application, importing various modules and registering plugins for animations.",
  "sources": "Data is read from environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), HTML attributes (akyos-animation-name and akyos-animation-*), and imported modules/files.",
  "sinks": "The code dynamically imports animation modules and instantiates them; it does not directly send or leak data. It registers plugins with external libraries.",
  "flows": "Environment variable check influences plugin registration; HTML attributes trigger dynamic import and animation instantiation; event listeners and ticker updates handle animation frames.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network connections, or backdoors. Dynamic imports are used for animations, which is standard for modular design. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. The code relies on environment variables and dynamic imports, but these are typical in modern web projects.",
  "analysis": "The script manages animation modules and initializes them based on HTML attributes. It registers GSAP plugins conditionally based on the environment. The dynamic imports are for modular animation loading. The code appears to be part of a UI/UX enhancement toolkit without malicious intent. There are no indications of data exfiltration, unauthorized network activity, or harmful behaviors. The use of environment checks and dynamic imports does not inherently suggest malicious behavior; these are common practices. No anomalies suggest sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard animation and scroll handler module for a web project. It dynamically loads animation components based on HTML attributes and manages plugin registration with GSAP. No malicious or suspicious behavior is detected; the code appears legitimate and intended for UI effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}