{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to create an AngularJS-based web interface for managing and viewing data stored in a MongoDB database, including fetching database lists, tables, and rows.",
  "sources": "Data is fetched from the server via $http GET requests to endpoints based on the serviceUrl variable, which is '/mongo/' concatenated with database and table names.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if responses contain sensitive data; the code itself does not explicitly handle or expose untrusted data beyond displaying server responses.",
  "flows": "User selects a database, which triggers fetching tables; selecting a table fetches rows; data flows from server responses to scope variables for display. No direct data injection points are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are observed. The code uses standard AngularJS patterns. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present. The service URL '/mongo/' is hardcoded but appears intended for database access.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a typical AngularJS app with services and controllers to interact with a backend database, presumably over HTTP. All server interactions are GET requests using $http. No dynamic evaluation, exec, eval, or similar dangerous functions are used. The service URL is fixed, and there are no signs of malicious behavior like data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The only concern could be exposure of sensitive data if the server responses contain such, but that depends on server-side behavior, which is outside this scope. The code’s structure suggests standard data retrieval and display logic, with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard AngularJS data management interface without malicious behavior or supply chain risks. No malware, obfuscation, or malicious code is evident. The security risk is low; the main concern is server-side security of data, not the client code itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}