{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to generate various synthetic datasets for machine learning purposes, such as Friedman functions, moons, ringnorm, spirals, Swiss roll, and others. These are intended for benchmarking or testing algorithms.",
  "sources": "Sources include reading of input parameters (opts, options, seed), random number generation (via seedrandom or Math.random), and data initialization (e.g., array filling, mathematical computations).",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks such as network requests, file writes, or system modifications are present. No use of untrusted external data streams or sensitive data handling is observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (such as seed, nSamples, noise) flow into dataset functions, which generate data arrays and target labels, optionally shuffle them, and return the datasets. Random functions control data variability but do not transmit data externally.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for dataset generation. No suspicious or unusual code constructs, such as obfuscated logic, hidden network activity, or malicious API usage, are present. The use of seedrandom for deterministic randomness is appropriate and controlled.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple functions to generate synthetic datasets with configurable parameters, including options for seed-based randomness, dataset sizes, noise levels, and shuffling. Randomness is managed through seedrandom or Math.random, depending on seed presence. The datasets are generated through mathematical formulas, array manipulations, and data shuffling, all within typical computational bounds. There are no signs of malicious activities such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The functions serve legitimate data simulation purposes and do not manipulate system state or perform network operations.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a set of dataset generators for machine learning benchmarks. It employs standard techniques for random data creation and shuffling. No malicious or maliciously intended behaviors are evident. The code is well-structured and appears safe for use, with no indicators of supply chain attack vectors or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}