{
  "purpose": "This module generates various synthetic datasets for machine learning tasks, including regression and classification problems, by applying mathematical formulas, random sampling, and data transformations.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters from function arguments and environment variables (for seed), uses random number generators, and generates data points through mathematical computations.",
  "sinks": "Returns generated datasets; no data is sent over network or written to system files within the code.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (such as seed, number of samples, features) influence random number generation, which is then used to create datasets. The data flows from input parameters through random functions into dataset arrays, which are returned.",
  "anomalies": "Uses a seedable random number generator 'seedrandom' for reproducibility. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. Data generation methods appear standard for synthetic data. No code injection, data leaks, or environment variable misuse observed. No obfuscated or malicious code features present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple functions for generating synthetic datasets with controlled randomness and features. It employs 'seedrandom' for deterministic data creation if a seed is provided. Functions utilize mathematical formulas for data distributions, including sinusoidal, normal, and spiral patterns. Randomness is used responsibly within mathematical contexts, and no suspicious data flows or external network communications are present. The code structure is straightforward, and the usage of randomness is typical for dataset simulation. No indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware were found. The functions are isolated, with no external system interaction or data exfiltration observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard dataset generation module used for machine learning experiments. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. Its usage of randomness and mathematical functions is appropriate and typical for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}