{
  "purpose": "The code implements a mathematical expression parser and evaluator, capable of handling nested parentheses and operator precedence, returning the computed result as a string.",
  "sources": "The input expression string provided to the 'calculate' function.",
  "sinks": "The code performs arithmetic operations using the 'decimal.js' library; no direct sinks for untrusted data are present. No network or file I/O operations are observed.",
  "flows": "The input expression is validated, processed recursively to handle parentheses, and then evaluated operator-by-operator based on precedence, with intermediate results calculated using 'decimal.js'. No external data or network flow is present.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses regex-based parsing for expression validation and processing, which is typical for such parsers; no suspicious hard-coded secrets, backdoors, or hidden code patterns are detected. The use of 'decimal.js' is standard for high-precision calculations. No obfuscation or unusual language features are observed.",
  "analysis": "The script performs expression validation using regex, recursively evaluates nested parentheses, and computes results with operator precedence, utilizing the 'decimal.js' library for precise arithmetic. The functions handle expression parsing, parentheses matching, and operator-specific calculations. No external data access, network calls, or system modifications are present. The code appears to be a mathematical expression evaluator with a straightforward implementation, focusing solely on safe numeric computations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical expression evaluator with standard parsing and calculation logic. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, network activity, or hidden backdoors. It safely processes input expressions to produce numerical results. Overall, the code does not exhibit malware characteristics or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}