{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive library for accessing and parsing Quranic data, including surahs, ayahs, pages, juzs, and other related metadata. It is designed to facilitate reading and navigating Quranic text programmatically.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from predefined static arrays (e.g., SurahList, JuzList, PageList, SajdaList, etc.) and processes string inputs for parsing surah and ayah identifiers. It also exports various utility functions for data validation, lookup, and parsing.",
  "sinks": "The code does not include sinks for untrusted data to cause security effects. It primarily performs data validation and lookup within static data structures, with no network requests, file operations, or environment variable access.",
  "flows": "Input strings (e.g., ayah references, surah numbers) are parsed and validated; then, ID conversions and lookups are performed within internal data arrays to produce metadata or navigation results. The flow is from input parsing/validation to array-based lookup without external or untrusted data interaction.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors are present. All functions operate on static arrays or string inputs with standard validation. The code avoids dynamic code execution, eval, or use of external sources. Exported functions are straightforward utility methods, with no obfuscated or hidden logic. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are found.",
  "analysis": "The code is a data-driven library containing static arrays representing Quranic structure and metadata. It offers parsing, validation, and lookup functions, all of which operate solely on these arrays and string inputs. No network activity, environment variable access, or dynamic code execution is present. The functions perform standard validation and array searches, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The code appears well-structured for its purpose without any suspicious side effects or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign, data-focused library for Quranic metadata and navigation. It contains no malicious intent, backdoors, data exfiltration, or suspicious activities. It is safe for use, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}