{
  "purpose": "The code provides metadata, utility functions, and lookup tables for Quranic structure, including Surah and Ayah information, pages, Juz, Hizb, and other divisions, primarily for use in applications displaying or processing Quranic data.",
  "sources": "The data is sourced from predefined arrays and constants within the script, such as SurahList, PageList, JuzList, SajdaList, and others. Functions process these data structures for validation and lookup purposes.",
  "sinks": "No sinks involve untrusted external data inputs; all functions operate solely on internal, predefined datasets. There are no network requests, database operations, or dynamic code execution based on external inputs.",
  "flows": "Data flows involve internal functions retrieving, validating, and processing internal datasets (arrays and constants). There are no source-to-sink flows involving external data or untrusted sources. The code strictly reads from internal static data and performs validation checks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, such as hardcoded secrets, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code. The functions use standard regex parsing and array operations. The inclusion of multiple language name arrays (Az, En, Ru, Tr) appears to be for multilingual support, not malicious activity. No signs of backdoors, network communications, or covert data exfiltration present.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive metadata library for Quranic divisions with functions to validate, lookup, and process Quranic data structures. It employs standard JavaScript functions, regex parsing, and array indexing. No dynamic external data, network activity, or code injection mechanisms are detected. All code appears to be static, focused on data management and validation, with no suspicious behaviors or malware indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured data utility library designed for Quranic data representation and lookup. It does not contain any malicious behavior, network activity, or covert data exfiltration mechanisms. The presence of multilingual name arrays and static data structures is consistent with a standard data helper library.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}