{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive JavaScript library for accessing, parsing, and querying Quran metadata such as surah, ayah, page, juz, and other divisions. It primarily offers functions for validation, lookup, and data segmentation related to the Quranic structure.",
  "sources": "Reads data from internal static arrays (e.g., SurahList, PageList, JuzList, SajdaList, etc.) and input parameters for functions such as surah, ayah, page, and ayahId.",
  "sinks": "No dangerous sinks are present; the code does not perform network requests, file system access, or dynamic code execution. It only performs in-memory data processing and validation based on input parameters.",
  "flows": "Data flows involve validation of input parameters, internal lookups, and returning structured metadata. No external data or untrusted input is used to influence system state or perform operations outside the scope of in-memory calculations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The functions perform standard data validation, array lookups, and data processing. The presence of extensive static data arrays and straightforward functions suggests a well-structured dataset. No obfuscated code, unusual language features, or dynamic code execution are present. No signs of malicious privacy violations or unauthorized data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code is a detailed library for Quran metadata, utilizing static arrays for surah, ayah, juz, page, and other divisions. It provides validation functions, lookup functions, and parsing utilities. The data is static and hardcoded, with no network or file system operations. No dynamic evaluation, eval calls, or suspicious runtime behaviors are evident. The functions follow standard validation and data retrieval patterns without side effects or external dependencies. The inclusion of the source map URL indicates standard build practices; no obfuscation or minification artifacts that suggest malicious obfuscation are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, structured dataset and utility library for Quran metadata management. It performs data validation, parsing, and lookup operations on static in-memory data without executing any external or potentially malicious code. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}