{
  "purpose": "The code parses and evaluates mathematical formulas with variable substitution, supporting basic arithmetic operations and parentheses. It is intended for performing precise calculations with decimal support.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from the 'formula' string and 'data' object; reads formula string, variable names, and numeric literals within the code.",
  "sinks": "Uses the 'replace' function on the formula string for variable substitution; employs 'require' to import 'decimal.js' library for high-precision calculations; no other external data sinks observed.",
  "flows": "Formula string -> variable substitution -> tokenization -> AST parsing -> calculation using Decimal library, returning result.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present. The code performs straightforward parsing and evaluation.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a reputable external library 'decimal.js' for high-precision math, with no suspicious code. It replaces variables in the formula string with provided data, then tokenizes the string into numbers, operators, and parentheses. The tokenizer handles negative numbers carefully. The parser constructs an AST considering operator precedence, supporting +, -, *, /, and parentheses. The calculator evaluates the AST recursively, utilizing 'Decimal' objects for precise arithmetic. No dynamic code execution, network access, or secret leaks are present. The logic is standard for expression evaluation, with appropriate error handling for unknown characters, mismatched parentheses, and undefined variables. The code appears secure, with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward mathematical expression parser and evaluator with variable substitution. It uses a standard approach without obfuscation, network activity, or malicious code. There are no indications of malicious behavior or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}