{
  "purpose": "This code processes mathematical formulas with variable substitution and computes the result using parsing and tokenization techniques.",
  "sources": "Reads input formula string, variable data object, and reads characters during tokenization and parsing.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'replace' on formula string for variable substitution; calls 'require' to import 'decimal.js'. The 'require' statement can be a source if malicious modules are present.",
  "flows": "Formula string -> variable substitution -> tokenization -> AST parsing -> calculation. Data object provides variable values during substitution. Tokens are used during parsing and calculation.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code behavior. The code performs standard mathematical expression evaluation with variable substitution. No dynamic code execution, network operations, or system commands are present. Variable substitution is straightforward and safe. The only external dependency is 'decimal.js', which is a common library for precise decimal arithmetic.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a known external library 'decimal.js' for precise decimal calculations, which is safe. It performs variable substitution using regex replace, ensuring only defined variables are replaced, with an error thrown if an undefined variable is used. Tokenization and parsing implement standard algorithms for arithmetic expressions, with proper handling of operator precedence and parentheses. Calculation uses 'decimal.js' methods, avoiding JavaScript's floating-point issues. No malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, network calls, or code injection are present. The code does not obfuscate or include hidden behaviors. The only external input is the formula string and data object, both handled safely within the function.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a secure and standard implementation of a formula parser and evaluator with variable substitution. There are no indications of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It safely handles variables, performs arithmetic operations, and relies on a well-known external library for decimal calculations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}