{
  "purpose": "The code interacts with a library system API to fetch user account details, display borrowed and reserved books, and perform renewal operations on selected documents.",
  "sources": "Process environment variables (USERS), API responses from bibtouApi.getAccountDetails, and input data such as book lists and user data.",
  "sinks": "Console logs for displaying information, API call to renewDocuments, and environment variable usage.",
  "flows": "Environment variables -> User data parsing -> API calls (getAccountDetails) -> Display functions -> renewalDocuments API call.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible; environment variables are used for user info; no suspicious API endpoints or network connections are evident. The code appears standard with legitimate functions. The use of process.env and the external API is typical for such applications. The list of documents to renew is filtered by inclusion in an array which is empty; this may indicate incomplete logic but not malicious intent. No obfuscated code or malicious code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The script reads user data from environment variables, fetches account details through API calls, and displays borrowed and reserved books with color-coded formatting. It then attempts to renew documents based on a list which is currently empty, possibly indicating incomplete or placeholder logic. The functions utilize common libraries like lodash, date-fns, and axios, with no evidence of malicious payloads. No code injection, data leakage, or external malicious connections are detected. All external calls and data handling appear aligned with normal operation of a library management system.",
  "conclusion": "The code is legitimate and intended for managing library user accounts and document renewals. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are apparent. It appears to be a standard, well-structured application code without suspicious elements.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}