{
  "purpose": "This code is a complex, environment-aware loader for a WebAssembly (WASM) module, specifically interfacing with the Highs optimization solver. It handles environment detection across browsers, Node.js, and Web Workers, manages file reading from filesystem or network, and exposes APIs for model creation, solving, and result retrieval.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from environment variables, document.currentScript.src, __filename, filesystem (fs), XMLHttpRequest, fetch API, and user prompts. It also accesses process.argv and environment variables in Node.js.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with WebAssembly modules, loads binary data, and calls exported functions for model processing and solving. It outputs logs via print functions but does not perform network exfiltration or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Data flows from environment inputs, filesystem or network fetches into WebAssembly memory, then into solver functions. Results are stored in internal buffers and output via print functions. No suspicious data exfiltration or external connections are observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code exhibits high complexity, environment detection, and dynamic module loading, typical for generated or low-level interface code. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation are present. The convoluted structure is consistent with auto-generated code for cross-platform wasm modules.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, environment-aware WebAssembly loader for the Highs optimization solver, supporting multiple platforms with environment detection and filesystem emulation. It loads the wasm binary from filesystem or network, initializes memory views, and exposes APIs for model management and solving. No malicious patterns, data leaks, or suspicious network activity are evident. The complexity and minified variable names are typical for generated code, not malicious obfuscation. The code does not perform any unauthorized data exfiltration, system modification, or backdoor activities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, environment-adaptive loader for a WebAssembly-based optimization solver. It contains no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or backdoors. Its complexity is typical for generated wasm interface code, and it operates within expected parameters for such modules.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}