{
  "purpose": "The code defines multiple JavaScript components for UI indicators and animations, likely used in a web application for visual feedback such as spinners, arrows, and refresh indicators. It manages state, styling, DOM manipulation, and animations.",
  "sources": "Data is read from internal state objects (_state), and DOM elements are created via document.createElement. Styles are injected into document.head. Event handlers are registered via on() method. No external untrusted input sources are directly evident.",
  "sinks": "DOM nodes (appendChild, insertBefore), style properties (cssText), event callbacks, and component lifecycle functions. No direct data leaks or untrusted data sinks are apparent.",
  "flows": "State data flows into style computations and DOM updates. Event handlers can trigger callbacks, but they are typical event bindings. No unusual source-to-sink data flow is detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard Svelte-like component structure, with dynamically created styles and DOM elements. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors like network requests, data exfiltration, or reverse shells are present. The code’s structure and features are consistent with typical UI component code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of component definitions, style injections, DOM manipulation functions, and state management functions. It includes functions for creating, updating, and destroying components, and for observing state changes. No signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or hidden behaviors are found. All operations are typical for UI components. There are no network calls, data leaks, or system modifications. The code primarily manages UI states and animations, with standard event handling and DOM updates. The style injection and DOM manipulations are standard for such components. No external or untrusted input handling, or suspicious logic, is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be standard, legitimate UI component code used for animated indicators, spinners, and arrows. No malicious intent, malicious behaviors, or security risks are evident. It is safe for use, with a very low malware score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}