{
  "purpose": "This source code defines and exports a styled modal component using React and styled-components, including styles, animations, and interaction handlers for showing and hiding a modal overlay with swipe and touch gestures.",
  "sources": "Data inputs originate from React component props, including style parameters, callbacks, and event handlers. The code reads environment variables for configuration and uses React hooks to manage state and refs.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM style modifications, event listener attachments, and environment variable reads. Styles are injected into the DOM; callbacks are invoked on modal show/hide; environment variables influence configuration.",
  "flows": "Source of props and environment variables flow into style and configuration logic; event handlers trigger style changes and callbacks; style injection and DOM modifications are the main sinks; React hooks manage UI state transitions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code signatures detected. The code primarily deals with UI styling and gesture handling. No suspicious network activity, data leaks, or reverse shells are present. The style and interaction code is standard and does not include obfuscated or misleading language.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component implementing a modal with styled-components. It manages state with hooks, modifies DOM styles for animations, and attaches touch event listeners for swipe gestures. Environment variables are used for configuration. No code indicates data exfiltration, remote access, or malicious payloads. The style injection logic and gesture handling are typical for UI components. The import statements are for React and styling libraries, with no external network dependencies or dynamic code execution that could be malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a React modal component with styled-components styling and touch gesture interactions. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain security risks. All code appears legitimate, focusing on UI presentation and user interaction. There are no signs of malware, data leaks, or sabotage within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}