{
  "purpose": "This code defines React components and styled-components for a modal with backdrop and swipe functionalities, including styling, animation, and interaction handling.",
  "sources": "Imports React functions (useRef, useState, useEffect, etc.), CSS/Style rules, environment variables, and external libraries (styled-components). It reads environment variables for configuration and reads DOM elements and style rules for styling.",
  "sinks": "Potential DOM manipulations via style and className updates, event listeners for touch and resize events, and environment variables for configuration. No direct data leaks or network requests are evident.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from environment variables and component props to styles and interaction logic; user interactions (touch, resize) trigger style updates and component state changes; environment variables influence configuration and behavior.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No dynamic code execution or suspicious function calls. Code appears to be a typical React + styled-components setup for a modal component. Environment variable usage is standard for configuration. No hidden or obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of React component definitions, styled-components CSS rules, and environment variable configurations for a modal component with backdrop and swipe functionality. It handles user interactions, environment configs, and styling updates securely. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious network activity. The code is structured to provide UI behavior with styling and interaction management, typical of React applications. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The logic relies on standard React and styled-components features, with environment variables used for configuration only.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a legitimate React component implementation for a modal with styled-components styling and interaction handling. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks were identified based on the provided code. It is a typical UI component with no evidence of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}