{
  "purpose": "This source code defines a React component for a modal with various customizable styles and behaviors, including swipe and height-based closing triggers, styling through styled-components, and rendering logic for showing/hiding the modal.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (e.g., process.env.REACT_APP_SC_ATTR), React hooks, DOM elements via refs, and callback functions such as onShow and onClose. It also imports and uses styled-components context and styling functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include style injection via styled-components, manipulation of DOM styles (opacity, transform), and event handlers for touch events. There is no evidence of network communication, file system access, or data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "Data flows from environment variables and props into styling and rendering logic. User interactions (touch events) trigger functions that modify styles and state, controlling modal visibility. Callbacks like onShow and onClose are invoked based on modal state changes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are observed. The code uses standard React patterns and styled-components methods. There are no obfuscated code segments or unusual language features. Environment variables are used for styling attributes, which is typical.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages UI modal behavior with styling and event handling. Environment variables influence styling attributes but are used safely for styling purposes. No network requests, data leaks, or malicious commands are present. The code avoids dangerous direct DOM manipulation beyond style updates, which are part of standard React component behavior. Callback functions are user-defined and do not contain embedded malicious code. The import statements, including React internals and styled-components, are standard and do not introduce malicious behavior. Overall, the code implements a complex UI component without suspicious activities or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a React component for a stylized modal dialog with swipe and animation features. It employs standard libraries, environment variables for styling, and user interaction handlers. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or sabotage within this module. It appears to be a legitimate, well-structured UI component.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}