{
  "purpose": "The code primarily defines a React component for a modal with styling, gestures, and animation features, including styling helpers and context setup. It appears to be a styled modal component with interactive and visual effects.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from component props (e.g., animationDuration, backdropOpacity, modalColor, etc.), context values from React context (dr), and internal state and references (useRef, useState). It also reads environment variables (e.g., process.env.NODE_ENV). It accesses DOM elements via refs.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM styles directly (style.opacity, style.transform, style.display), sets event listeners for touch events, and updates internal state. Uses requestAnimationFrame and setTimeout for animations. No network requests or file system access are present.",
  "flows": "Sources of input (props, context, environment variables) influence DOM style changes and event listener behavior. For example, on show/hide toggles, styles are updated directly. Touch events modify style.transform for gestures. State updates trigger re-rendering but do not involve external data transfer.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity detected. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. The code handles styling, DOM manipulation, and user interaction in a typical React component manner. Environment variables are used for configuration but do not appear malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a React modal component with styling, gesture handling, and animation features. It reads configuration via props and environment variables, manipulates DOM styles directly for animations and gesture responses, and sets event listeners for touch interactions. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections to suspicious domains, or sabotage. Usage of environment variables and direct DOM style updates are consistent with typical UI component behavior. No hidden or obfuscated malicious code detected. The presence of styled-components and React internals is normal for a React app and not suspicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React modal component with styling and gesture handling features. No signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks are evident. It does not perform network requests, access sensitive data, or include backdoors. Overall, the code is safe based on the provided fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}