{
  "purpose": "This code is a JavaScript module for tokenizing, parsing, and generating code from WXML-like content, including source map support.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'content', 'wxml', and 'fileName', primarily in tokenization functions and the main 'parse' and 'tokenize' functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include source map generation, which outputs code and source map objects, and string manipulation within tokenization and codegen functions. No direct network, file, or environment interaction is present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through tokenization functions (e.g., 'tokenize', 'tokenizeAttrs') into parsed AST nodes via 'parse', then into code generation through 'codegen'. Source maps are produced during code generation. There is no evidence of data leaks or external data transmission.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. The code appears to be standard for a parser and code generator, with proper separation of concerns. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is detected. Source map handling appears normal.",
  "analysis": "The code thoroughly tokenizes WXML-like content, parsing tags, attributes, comments, and text. It builds an AST, which is then traversed and converted back into code with source maps. No suspicious data handling, external network calls, or malicious logic is present. The functions for tokenizing comments, raw text, and attributes are standard. Source map support is implemented via 'source-map' library without unusual manipulation. There are no signs of malware or malicious data leakage.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard implementation of a WXML parser and code generator with source map support. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. No security risks or malware are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}