{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to generate GLSL (OpenGL Shading Language) functions for Bezier curves, supporting different orders and data types, to facilitate shader programming.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to the functions (order, type, name, mix, pre, suf), particularly the 'order' parameter and function arguments",
  "sinks": "Generated GLSL code strings, specifically the returned function code, concatenated code snippets, and the export statements in 'suf' functions",
  "flows": "Input parameters (order, type, name, mix) flow into 'makeBezier' and 'makeBeziers' functions, which generate GLSL code snippets that flow into output strings; the 'suf' function's concatenation can include export statements",
  "anomalies": "No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or suspicious string manipulation; no hardcoded credentials or network activity; code is focused on GLSL code generation. No apparent backdoors or hidden behaviors. The 'suf' function includes GLSL-specific export pragma but no suspicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code defines default configuration for generating GLSL Bezier curve functions. It includes functions 'makeBezier' and 'makeBeziers' that generate GLSL code strings based on input parameters for order, type, name, and mix function. The code performs validation and constructs control point interpolation code dynamically. No network activity, no file system access, no evaluation of untrusted data, and no suspicious code patterns are present. The focus is on GLSL code string construction. The 'suf' function adds a pragma for GLSLify export, which is standard for GLSL module management. There are no indications of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a GLSL code generator for Bezier curves with no malicious intent. It is a straightforward utility to generate shader functions and does not perform any harmful actions or suspicious operations. No security risks are identified based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}