{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions and classes for creating SVG graphics, particularly paths and radar charts, with mathematical and drawing utilities.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from function parameters such as 'dataset', 'axes', and shape data objects. It also reads properties like 'key', 'label', 'angle', 'size', and 'pathMaker' from options.",
  "sinks": "SVG element creation and attribute setting functions, especially 'createSVGElement', which inserts data into SVG DOM elements. Path data and shape attributes are dynamically generated based on input data.",
  "flows": "Input data (dataset, axes, shape data) -> data processing functions (shape, axis, label) -> path/path string generation -> SVG element creation and attribute assignment -> rendering in DOM.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic SVG creation with data-driven parameters, but there are no suspicious or hidden behaviors. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or external network calls are present. No obfuscated or misleading code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs SVG elements for visualization (radar charts), utilizing mathematical functions for coordinates and path generation. Functions like 'shape' generate path data based on normalized values, and 'createSVGElement' builds SVG DOM nodes with attributes and children. No code executes external commands, network requests, or manipulates environment variables. The use of dynamic data to generate SVG paths appears standard for visualization purposes. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or sabotage. The code appears clean, well-structured, and consistent with typical SVG rendering logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a visualization utility for creating SVG radar charts with customizable paths and labels. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware signatures. It performs expected SVG DOM manipulations based on input data. No security risks or malicious intent are detected based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}