{
  "purpose": "This code defines a builder class for offline testing of serverless functions, allowing configuration of functions, HTTP events, API keys, and creating server instances for testing.",
  "sources": "Function configurations, handler paths, handler functions, options, and custom properties from method parameters and internal functionHelper calls.",
  "sinks": "Instantiation of Offline class, stubbed functions, and server object creation, which could potentially be used to execute or intercept code, but in this context are for testing purposes.",
  "flows": "Function configurations and options flow into creating handlers and server objects, with potential for stubbed methods to intercept calls for testing.",
  "anomalies": "Use of sinon.stub to replace createHandler and printBlankLine, which are typical in testing but could be misused if context changes. No hardcoded secrets, malicious code, or unusual obfuscation detected. The code seems focused on testing infrastructure.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a serverless function testing environment, replacing parts of the functionHelper with stubs for controlled testing. It creates handlers based on provided configurations and sets up an Offline server instance. The use of sinon to stub functions is standard in testing but can be exploited if misused. No malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity are present. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code's behavior is consistent with test setup and not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a test utility for serverless functions, employing standard testing practices like stubbing and configuration. It does not contain malicious code or behavior. The usage of sinon.stub is appropriate for testing purposes and does not indicate malware. Overall, this is safe, with no security risks detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}