{
  "purpose": "This code provides a React hook-based interface for making HTTP requests using axios, with configurable options and support for mocking.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters such as URL, params, data, headers, and configuration objects; also accesses module options and props for request parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data is sent to axios or mocker functions, which perform network requests; the Authorization header is set with potentially sensitive tokens.",
  "flows": "Inputs like URL, headers, and params flow into mergeConf to create a request configuration, which is then passed to axios or mocker for network calls.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not handle or sanitize external input, but it uses dynamic configuration. No hardcoded credentials are detected. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic eval. The Authorization header is set with a parameter that could be sensitive.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions and hooks to perform HTTP requests in React components, with configurable global base URL and mocker injection. It uses React state hooks to track request status, response, and errors. The mergeConf function consolidates request options, including setting Authorization headers. The useRequest hook initiates requests, optionally executing on mount. The request function exposed via plugin allows external modules to trigger network requests with the configured axios or mocker. There is no evidence of malicious code such as data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or suspicious external connections. The code primarily manages network requests and state, with no suspicious behavior or malware patterns detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React hook wrapper around axios for making HTTP requests with configurable options. No malicious behavior, malware, or supply chain attacks are evident. It handles data securely without evident hardcoded secrets or malicious payloads. The only minor concern is the setting of Authorization headers with external parameters, which should be managed securely by the user.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}