{
  "purpose": "A visualizer for adding tags to filter search results, allowing users to select and remove filter tags dynamically within a form.",
  "sources": "Reads input values from form elements (checkboxes, radio buttons, text inputs) with 'data-ft' attributes; queries DOM elements for tag zone, form, and input elements.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM elements by adding/removing classes, updating innerHTML, appending style elements, and manipulating attributes. Potentially executes event handlers that modify form state.",
  "flows": "Input events (change, click, keyup) on form elements update the 'selected' object and trigger renderer to update visual tags. Tag removal modifies 'selected' and updates DOM. The form submit and keyup events trigger formHandler, which modifies form input states.",
  "anomalies": "Uses deprecated attachEvent/detachEvent methods, which are obsolete. Contains inconsistent variable usage (e.g., 'ignoreClass' vs 'opts.ignoreClass') and a possible undefined variable 'ignoreClass' (should be 'opts.ignoreClass'). The style injection uses innerHTML addition, which is safe here but could be risky if input were uncontrolled (not in this case). No hardcoded credentials, network calls, or data exfiltration observed. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The script is a DOM manipulation utility for filtering search results through tags. It reads data from form inputs with 'data-ft' attributes, creates visual tags, and manages their state. The code includes style injection, event handlers for input changes, tag removal, and form interactions. There are no network operations, no data leaks, nor code that would suggest malicious intent. The use of deprecated methods is a concern but not malicious. No hidden backdoors, system modifications, or external data exfiltration are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign, though somewhat outdated, UI utility for managing filter tags within a form. No signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident based on the provided code. It is generally safe but should be updated to modern standards and reviewed for correctness.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}