{
  "purpose": "This code defines an Engine class used for managing and rendering layers on a target HTML element (canvas). It handles initialization, layer management, resizing, and animation control.",
  "sources": "Input data includes constructor options (target, layers, onStep, autoStart, autoResize), and method calls such as addLayer and target setter, which access external elements and data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the drawing functions that render images onto a canvas, and event listeners for window resize. There are no obvious data leaks or external network calls.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor options and method parameters into internal state and canvas rendering functions. Target and layers are set and used in drawing routines. Event handlers may trigger resize actions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code are present. The code appears to be a standard implementation of a rendering engine, with proper validation and error handling. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes an animation engine with configurable options, managing layers and rendering on a canvas element. It includes event handling for resize, with safe validation of inputs. The drawing process is straightforward, iterating over layers and rendering active ones. No external network calls, data leaks, or suspicious behaviors are detected. The methods for adding/removing layers and resizing are implemented with standard patterns. The only notable aspect is the use of Promise.all for layer source readiness, which is normal for asynchronous image loading. No malicious intent or suspicious side effects are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured rendering engine for HTML canvas layers. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It functions as expected for a graphics rendering module without any indications of malicious intent or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}