{
  "purpose": "The code is a utility module for managing, processing, and transforming configuration data related to file paths and build tasks, primarily for Grunt-based build systems.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters, grunt configuration, and file system (grunt.file.expand).",
  "sinks": "Uses grunt.template.process and grunt.template for template processing; potential for code injection if untrusted templates are processed. Also clones and extends objects, which is typical but not suspicious here.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (parameters, file system) into expansion, transformation, and mapping functions, with template processing potentially executing dynamic code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The template processing is cautious with try-catch, and no external network activity or system commands are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles configuration and path manipulations using lodash, path, and grunt modules. The functions expand templates with provided properties, generate file lists, and remap configuration keys. Template processing is done within a try-catch block, reducing risk of code injection, assuming templates are trusted or sanitized. No external network calls, file manipulations beyond path joins, or suspicious operations are present. The structure and operations are consistent with build utility scripts. No obfuscation, malicious data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. The code’s behavior appears intended and safe within its scope.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build utility module that handles configuration transformations and file path manipulations. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are evident. It operates within expected parameters for a build system utility, with safe template processing and data handling. There is low confidence in malicious intent or malicious code presence.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}