{
  "purpose": "This code is a Webpack UMD bundle for a Vue.js component wrapper around the AMap (Gaode Map) SDK, intended to integrate map features into Vue applications.",
  "sources": "The code imports external dependencies such as Vue and an AMap SDK library, as well as internal Vue component definitions and configuration objects. The main source involves loading and initializing the map SDK, registering Vue components, and emitting events.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily interacts with the DOM (creating elements, attaching scripts) and Vue components. No direct sinks involve untrusted data handling, network requests, or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Sources include component props (map configuration, map elements) and SDK script loads. Data flows from prop inputs to SDK and Vue component methods, with event emissions. No suspicious data flow is evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are observed. The code involves standard SDK loading, component setup, and event handling. No obfuscated or suspicious code segments are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Vue component that wraps around the AMap SDK, initializing the SDK dynamically via script injection, and setting up various map elements like markers, polygons, and event handlers. It manages overlays and their fit view adjustments, and emits map events. The structure follows typical map SDK integration patterns without any signs of malicious logic. No hardcoded secrets or network connections to suspicious domains are identified. The code is largely minified, but the structure and imports are consistent with standard map wrapper implementations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Vue wrapper for the AMap SDK, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It primarily handles SDK loading, component registration, and event forwarding. No malware signals or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}