{
  "purpose": "Sets up a socket.io server for real-time backend synchronization, serving client scripts, and dynamically loading middleware modules.",
  "sources": "Filesystem directory containing middleware modules; socket.io connection events; incoming socket events ('listen', 'sync'); backend event emitters.",
  "sinks": "Emits 'synced' events to clients; joins clients to channels; calls backend handlers; loads middleware modules via require; serves static files via non-standard method.",
  "flows": "Client connects via socket.io -> server loads middleware modules -> client requests 'listen' or 'sync' -> server processes requests, interacts with backend, emits events -> middleware modules may be invoked during require -> static files served via io.static.add.",
  "anomalies": "Use of deprecated socket.io methods (socket.set, socket.get); dynamic require of middleware modules; static file serving via io.static.add (non-standard socket.io API); potential risk if middleware directory is compromised.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical socket.io server setup with dynamic middleware loading. No malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration are evident. The use of deprecated socket.io methods indicates outdated API usage but not malicious intent. The dynamic require pattern poses a security risk if the middleware directory is untrusted or compromised. The static file serving via io.static.add is unconventional and potentially exploitable if misconfigured or maliciously extended. Overall, the code's behavior is transparent, with no signs of obfuscated or malicious code. The main security concern is ensuring the middleware directory is secured and verifying the static file serving implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard real-time synchronization server with dynamic plugin loading. No malware or malicious intent is detected. The primary security considerations are securing the middleware directory and reviewing the static file serving method. The use of deprecated socket.io methods is a maintenance issue but not a security threat. Overall, the supply chain security risk is moderate due to middleware trust and outdated API usage.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}