{
  "purpose": "The code implements an HTTP/HTTPS server with WebSocket support for media streaming and API routes, serving static files and managing streaming sessions.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data from the 'config' object, filesystem reads for SSL key and cert, incoming HTTP and WebSocket requests, static file requests, API route handlers, and request headers.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable to misuse of request headers or paths; however, no direct sinks for untrusted data manipulation are apparent. The server responds to incoming requests, manages sessions, and handles connections.",
  "flows": "Input from request headers and URLs flows through middleware; session creation occurs in 'onConnect'; request headers are used to determine connection type and authorization; filesystem reads SSL files and static assets.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected; code performs standard server setup. The 'basicAuth' middleware is conditionally applied but relies on external configuration for credentials. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns identified. No evidence of malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or malicious network activity. No unusual or suspicious code constructs observed.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up an HTTP/HTTPS server with WebSocket support, static file serving, and API routes. It manages configurations and SSL credentials securely via filesystem reads. Authentication middleware is conditional, based on external config. The connection handling delegates to 'NodeFlvSession' objects, which are not shown but seem to handle streaming sessions. No signs of malicious behavior, data leaks, or backdoors are evident. The code appears to follow standard practices for a media streaming server, with no suspicious activity or anomalies. The use of 'require' modules and the structure do not suggest obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a media streaming server with WebSocket support. No malicious behaviors, sabotage, or malware indicators are detected. The configuration allows for secure operation with SSL. Overall, the code appears safe, with proper handling of server setup and client connections.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}