{
  "purpose": "The code provides a wrapper function for computing the arcsine (in degrees) of a floating-point number, utilizing a native addon for actual computation.",
  "sources": "The function reads the input parameter 'x' passed to 'asindf'. It also requires the native addon module './../src/addon.node'.",
  "sinks": "The addon module is invoked with the input 'x'. If 'addon' executes untrusted or malicious code, it could pose a security risk. The code itself does not perform any unsafe operations or data leaks.",
  "flows": "Input 'x' is passed directly to 'addon', which acts as a source-to-sink flow. The safety of this flow depends on the implementation of the native addon.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors are evident in this wrapper. The code is straightforward, with proper licensing comments and standard require statements. There is no indication of obfuscation, hidden code, or malicious patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minimal wrapper around a native addon module for computing arcsine in degrees. It reads a numeric input 'x' and passes it directly to the 'addon' module, then returns the result. The require path './../src/addon.node' suggests a local native binary is used. No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or malicious logic is present. The only potential security concern relates to the 'addon' module itself, which is external and not shown; if the addon contains malicious code, it could compromise the system. However, based solely on this wrapper, there are no indications of malicious intent. The licensing and code structure appear standard and non-malicious.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a straightforward wrapper around a native addon for mathematical computation. There are no signs of malicious behavior within the provided code. The security risk primarily depends on the implementation of the 'addon' module, which is not available here. Overall, the code itself is safe and does not exhibit malicious or suspicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}