{
  "purpose": "This code is a data generator module for creating mock data based on SQL-like table creation statements, supporting various data types and output formats (CSV or SQL insert statements). It is intended for testing, data simulation, or populating databases with synthetic data.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'src' parameter in parseAndGenerate (the source SQL string), and data types/definitions from the parsed statements. It also reads options for data generation from the 'option' parameter. Environment detection for TextEncoder/TextDecoder is another source.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data could flow into generated data values, which are then formatted into CSV or SQL insert statements. The code does not perform external network actions or file I/O within this fragment. The output, if misused, could be sent over the network or written to disk externally.",
  "flows": "Input SQL string is parsed into statements (sources). These statements are used to generate data rows (sinks). Data values are created based on options and types (source), then formatted into CSV or SQL commands (sink). No external sinks or side-effects are directly present within this code fragment.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, malicious backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are evident. The code uses dynamic environment detection for TextEncoder/TextDecoder, but this is standard practice. No hard-coded credentials, network connections, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code operates purely as a data generator based on provided SQL definitions and options.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines data structures, utility functions, and an asynchronous generator to produce synthetic data rows from SQL table creation statements. It includes environment detection for TextEncoder/TextDecoder, various data type options, validation, and output formatting (CSV/SQL). The core logic involves iterating over the number of rows, generating data per column based on types and options, validating constraints, and formatting output. No external or hidden malicious behavior, network activity, or sabotage appears evident. The code's functionality aligns with legitimate data generation purposes.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, well-structured data generator module designed for testing or mock data creation. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The code operates within expected parameters, with no suspicious or malicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}