{
  "purpose": "Component that manages event handlers, exposes a game module, and handles lifecycle events.",
  "sources": "Props starting with 'on', imported Game module, environment variables (via my.fEvent), Math.random() and Date.now() for ID generation.",
  "sinks": "Global object my.fEvent where event handlers are registered; potential for external manipulation or injection.",
  "flows": "Props with 'on' trigger registration into my.fEvent; onMount creates handlers; onUnmount clears them; onGetGame returns Game module.",
  "anomalies": "Registration of event handlers into a global object; use of Math.random() and Date.now() for ID generation; exposing imported module.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a Game module and sets up a component with lifecycle methods. During didMount, it generates a unique ID and registers event handlers from props into a global object my.fEvent, which could be manipulated externally. The ID generation uses Math.random() and Date.now(), which are predictable but not malicious. The component exposes a method to retrieve the Game module. No network activity, data leaks, or system modifications are present. The main security concern is the global registration of handlers, which could be exploited if external code modifies my.fEvent, but this does not constitute malicious behavior. The code is straightforward, readable, and free of obfuscation. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, securityRisk=0.2) are appropriate given the minor concern about global state manipulation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign with no malicious intent or behavior. The only minor security concern is the registration of event handlers into a global object, which could be exploited if manipulated externally. The ID generation method is predictable but not malicious. Overall, the code is safe and well-structured, with a low security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}