{
  "purpose": "The code initializes a JavaScript utility library called 'szutils' with various modules for array, object, string, number, and function utilities, and then exports all these functionalities for external use.",
  "sources": "The code reads module dependencies from the webpack bundle and sets up a module loading system; it also imports all utility modules and re-exports their contents. No external input sources or untrusted data inputs are directly read or processed.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform data leaks, network requests, or any other sensitive sink operations. It mainly defines and re-exports utility functions without executing code that interacts with external systems.",
  "flows": "There are no identifiable data flows from untrusted sources to dangerous sinks. The module setup and utility functions operate locally without processing user input or external data streams.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard module bundling pattern with dynamic module loading via webpack's context functions. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are visible. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution that could be malicious is present.",
  "analysis": "The code employs a typical webpack bundle pattern, loading multiple utility modules for array, object, string, number, and function operations, and then re-exports them. All imported modules are straightforward utility functions such as type checks, deep cloning, and data transformations. There is no evidence of malicious payloads, such as network requests, data exfiltration, or code injection. The structure aligns with common open-source utility libraries. No hidden or suspicious code segments are detected, and the bundle only contains module definitions and re-exports.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard utility library setup, providing various helper functions for data manipulation and type checking. There are no signs of malware, sabotage, or malicious behavior within this module. The code is safe and aligns with open-source utility patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}