{
  "purpose": "The code is a modular JavaScript library (likely SDK or utility package) designed to provide various utility functions for array, object, string, number, function, and utility operations. It appears to be structured as a comprehensive utility toolkit with no immediately obvious malicious intent.",
  "sources": "The code sources data from internal utility functions, external dependencies (standard JavaScript methods and core modules), and configuration for module loading via webpack. No external or untrusted sources are directly read at runtime beyond standard dependencies.",
  "sinks": "There are no clear sinks that lead to data leakage, network transmission, file system access, or execution of untrusted code. The functions are primarily pure data manipulation utilities, such as deep clone, comparison, and string/array/object operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows within functions are limited to internal processing. No external network requests, command executions, or dynamic code evaluations are evident that process untrusted input to produce side effects outside the data manipulation scope.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains some eval calls for source mapping and module loading, which are typical for webpack bundles, but do not constitute malicious behavior. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscated patterns are present. All code appears to be standard utility functions with predictable logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is a large, bundled set of utility functions organized across multiple modules, including array, object, string, number, and function utilities. The structure uses dynamic module loading patterns common in webpack, with no indications of malicious payloads. The functions are straightforward, with safety checks such as type validations, and they do not perform network operations, file access, or execute code dynamically based on untrusted input. The presence of eval statements is solely for source mapping and is typical in minified or bundled code, not malicious obfuscation. Overall, the code appears to be a comprehensive utility library with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a standard, modular utility library bundled with webpack. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious network or system operations. The eval statements are used for source maps, not for malicious code execution. Therefore, it is safe to assume the code is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}