{
  "purpose": "This code defines a modular JavaScript library (szutils) that aggregates various utility functions for arrays, objects, strings, numbers, functions, and other utilities. It serves as a utility toolkit for broader application development.",
  "sources": "The code is primarily composed of multiple require/import statements, which load various utility modules and functions, along with the initial IIFE that exports the main object. There are no evident external input sources, such as network requests or user input parsing within this snippet.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any explicit sinks such as network transmissions, file system operations, or eval/exec with dynamic data. It primarily exports utility functions without side effects, and no data leakage, network activity, or dangerous system actions are visible.",
  "flows": "The code flows involve importing modules and assigning them to a namespace, then exporting this aggregated object. There are no source-to-sink data flows involving untrusted input; the flow is purely static module aggregation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or tokens are present. The code does not include eval or dynamic code execution based on input data. The import patterns and module aggregation are standard for a utility library. No backdoors, hidden code, or suspicious patterns are visible. No unusual obfuscation or misleading variable names are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured modular utility library, utilizing require/import statements to aggregate numerous utility modules for array, object, string, number, and function utilities. The initial IIFE exports a namespace 'szutils' that encompasses all these utilities. No external input handling, network communication, or system modifications are apparent. The module loading appears standard, and there are no signs of obfuscated or malicious code segments. The entire code is composed of static module imports and exports, with no dynamic code evaluation, no suspicious string concatenations, nor network requests or file system access. The structure is typical for a utility library designed for code reuse.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript source code is a standard modular utility library with no malicious behavior detected. It strictly provides utility functions for application development, with no evidence of malware, data exfiltration, sabotage, or supply chain attacks. The code is clean, well-organized, and performs static imports and exports without side effects.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}