{
  "purpose": "The code sets up a modular JavaScript utility library, exposing a wide range of utility functions for array, object, string, number, function, and general utilities. It mainly serves as an SDK or toolkit for developers to perform common tasks.",
  "sources": "The code sources utility functions from numerous internal modules, including array, object, string, number, and function utils. It reads input data from function parameters, external modules, and object properties. No direct external data input sources are apparent in this snippet.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks that send untrusted data over networks, modify system files, or perform sensitive operations like credential access. The code performs data transformations, property access, and utility calculations but does not perform any network requests, DOM manipulations, or eval with external input.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through utility functions to output values, with no indication of malicious flow paths. No dynamic code execution or data exfiltration paths are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a typical modular utility library. It contains extensive boilerplate for module loading and export. No suspicious hard-coded secrets, network connections, reverse shells, or sabotage code are present. No obfuscation or unusual language features are used. The code structure is consistent with standard utility module bundles.",
  "analysis": "The provided code is a bundle of utility functions, loaded via Webpack-style module definitions, with internal dependency mappings. It offers standard functions for deep cloning, type checking, array and object manipulations, string processing, and number formatting. No code segments suggest malicious behavior such as data theft, remote control, or sabotage. The functions are straightforward, well-organized, and follow typical patterns. There are no indications of hidden code, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The use of eval is confined to source mapping comments, not executing untrusted code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive utility library designed to assist in various data operations. It contains no evidence of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. It is a well-structured, standard open-source utility bundle with no suspicious behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}