{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a modular JavaScript library bundle, exposing a wide range of utility functions related to arrays, objects, strings, numbers, functions, and other utilities. It is designed to provide reusable utility methods for general development purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters passed to functions, such as strings, objects, arrays, and numbers. It also imports external modules and dependencies through dynamic require statements. No external data sources or environment variables are accessed.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that perform data transformations or comparisons (e.g., getValue, isEqual, isMatch), but none of these appear to perform data leaks, network communication, or system modifications. No sinks such as network requests, eval executions, or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows are typical utility function flows: input parameters (sources) are processed within functions and returned. No malicious flow patterns such as data exfiltration, code injection, or command execution are observed.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies indicating hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors. The code is mostly standard utility functions, and the structure suggests a library bundle created with Webpack. All functions perform their declared utility roles without suspicious side-effects.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Webpack bundle of utility functions, which dynamically imports modules and exposes a comprehensive API for data manipulation. The functions perform common operations such as deep cloning, object property access, array operations, string analysis, number formatting, and function decorators. There is no code that interacts with external systems, performs network requests, or executes dynamic code like eval beyond source-mapped code snippets. The initial pattern is a standard UMD module setup, ensuring compatibility across environments. The internal functions are straightforward, with no signs of obfuscated, malicious, or sabotage code. The overall structure and content strongly indicate a utility library with benign intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical utility library bundle, designed for general use. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks within the provided code. It performs standard data utility operations safely and does not contain any hidden or suspicious code segments.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}