{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define and export a set of configuration properties for a system, primarily related to monitoring, environment variables, and cluster settings. It seems intended for use as a utility or configuration module within a larger application.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables, configuration settings, and potentially external inputs related to system and environment status.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data such as environment variables or system info could be exposed or used in system commands, but no explicit sinks like network connections or file writes are directly visible in this fragment.",
  "flows": "Sources (environment variables, config values) flow into exported configuration objects. No evident flows from untrusted inputs to security-critical sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified or compiled, with base64 source map included, indicating it's either minified or a bundled artifact. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are visible. No obfuscated or malicious code structures are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code imports various modules, including 'sys', 'IPC', 'FileSystem', 'GlobalProps', 'IpV4', and others, which are typical for system-related functionality. It constructs configuration objects, such as 'ZeebeStandaloneProps', with properties related to system monitoring, cluster settings, environment, and execution parameters. The comments indicate that the module is intended to manage or configure monitoring, cluster information, environment variables, and process settings. There are no signs of dynamic code execution, network connections, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The presence of source maps suggests the code is compiled/minified, not obfuscated maliciously. Overall, the code appears benign and focused on configuration management without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a configuration module with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It mainly exports system and environment-related settings, with no evident malicious data handling, network activity, or backdoors. The structure and content do not raise security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}