{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define TypeScript type declarations and module exports for a library related to Zeebe, a workflow engine, and related components. It primarily provides interface and type definitions for various configuration options and utility modules.",
  "sources": "Reads data from module imports, type annotations, and exported constants. No external input sources such as user input, environment variables, or network calls are present.",
  "sinks": "No data sinks or outputs are present in this snippet. It is purely type definitions and module exports, which do not involve untrusted data handling or dangerous operations.",
  "flows": "No data flows from untrusted sources to sinks are evident. The code does not process runtime data, user input, or network data within this fragment.",
  "anomalies": "The code is mostly composed of type declarations, interface definitions, and static exports. It contains a sourceMappingURL comment with embedded base64-encoded source map, which is standard for transpiled code. No suspicious or unusual code, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a static TypeScript declaration file compiled to JavaScript with source map information. It defines interfaces and constants related to Zeebe, such as environment variables, process management, and configurations. It does not include executable logic, data handling, or external network calls. There are no signs of obfuscated or malicious code, nor any suspicious behaviors. The presence of source map comments is typical for development or build artifacts.\n\nGiven the provided code's nature and content, there are no indications of malicious behavior, security risks, or anomalous activity.",
  "conclusion": "This is a benign TypeScript declaration module containing type definitions for Zeebe-related configurations and utilities. No malicious or suspicious behavior is detected. It appears to be part of a larger, well-structured project with no evident security concerns within this fragment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}