{
  "purpose": "The code defines React hooks and context providers for managing connection records within an agent framework, specifically using '@aries-framework/core'. It provides functionality to fetch, filter, and subscribe to connection record updates.",
  "sources": "Reads data from the agent object (agent.connections.getAll()), and React context/state (connections, state). It also imports external modules (@aries-framework/core and react).",
  "sinks": "No data sinks or untrusted outputs are explicitly present. The code primarily manages internal state and React context.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the agent (via getAll()) into React state, then through hooks like useConnections and useConnectionById, which filter and provide connection data to components.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or unusual code patterns. The code is standard React + TypeScript style for context management. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes connection records from the agent and maintains real-time updates via subscriptions. It filters records based on options and exposes hooks for accessing data. The dynamic subscriptions and context usage appear typical for React applications managing real-time data. No obfuscated, malicious, or suspicious logic is evident. The imports are from legitimate packages, and the code does not perform any network requests, file operations, or system modifications. The code lacks any hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or external data exfiltration. The only potential concern could be if the agent object is maliciously controlled, but within this module, no such behavior is implemented.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React context and hook implementation for managing connection records in an agent framework. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks within this code. It functions solely to fetch, filter, and provide connection data securely and efficiently.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}