{
  "purpose": "The code provides an image compression utility that processes image files or blobs, applies transformations such as orientation correction, resizing, and quality adjustment, and outputs a compressed image. It also offers configuration hooks and default options for customization.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from File or Blob objects (e.g., image files), and user-provided options or configuration functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of canvas.toBlob and canvas.toDataURL for image output, and the creation of Blob objects. No direct data leaks are observed. No network transmission, file system access, or external connections are detected.",
  "flows": "Input File/Blob -> load method (via FileReader or URL.createObjectURL) -> draw method (processes image, applies transformations, outputs blob/data URL) -> final result assigned to this.result. No external network flows or data exfiltration paths are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs standard image processing and does not contain obfuscated, hidden, or suspicious code segments. It includes typical hooks for success/error handling. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The only external dependency is a self-contained canvasToBlob utility, which is a common pattern.",
  "analysis": "The script is a well-structured image processing library designed for client-side use. It validates input types, handles orientation correction using EXIF data, and manages image resizing and quality adjustments via canvas. No suspicious code such as network requests, data exfiltration, or system manipulation is present. It uses standard APIs like Blob, URL, FileReader, and Canvas. No obfuscation, malicious hooks, or hidden behaviors are detected. The overall functionality aligns with typical image compression tasks, with configurable hooks for customization.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign, open-source image compression utility. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. Its purpose is limited to client-side image processing, with no indications of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}