{
  "purpose": "The script interacts with a blockchain token system, performing genesis creation, issuance, transfers, and balance inquiries for a custom token called COFFEE COIN, using the SensibleFT library.",
  "sources": "Reads static WIF private keys, configuration variables, and user input parameters for addresses and transaction details.",
  "sinks": "Network calls via the SensibleFT library functions such as genesis, issue, getBalance, and transfer, which send data and transactions to the blockchain network.",
  "flows": "Data flows from hardcoded WIFs and addresses (sources) through the library functions to network transactions (sinks). The data is used directly in sensitive operations like signing transactions and querying balances.",
  "anomalies": "Hardcoded private keys (WIFs) and addresses, which pose security risks if the code is used in real environments. No malicious or suspicious code like data exfiltration, external connections, or system modification is evident. The code appears to be straightforward blockchain interaction without malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a blockchain library and performs a sequence of blockchain operations such as creating a genesis token, issuing tokens, transferring tokens, and querying balances. Private keys are hardcoded, which is insecure but not malicious per se. The operations are typical for a blockchain token management script. There are no obfuscated code segments, malicious network activity, or suspicious data flows. The use of sleep functions introduces delays, likely to wait for blockchain confirmations. No malware-like behavior (e.g., system modification, unauthorized data access, covert communication) is detected. The code appears to be a controlled script for token operations, not an attack or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard blockchain token management script with hardcoded credentials, which are security concerns but do not indicate malicious intent. It does not contain malware or suspicious behaviors. Its main risk lies in insecure key management rather than malicious actions.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 3
}