{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Vue.js calendar component, including its template, styling, and supporting libraries. Its primary purpose is to render a mobile calendar interface with navigation, date selection, and swipe gestures.",
  "sources": "The code reads external dependencies such as images, stylesheets, and core-js modules for polyfills. It also accesses DOM elements for calculating dimensions and handles user interactions via touch events.",
  "sinks": "The code updates internal state and emits events for date changes and gestures. It does not write to the filesystem, perform network requests, or execute system commands.",
  "flows": "User touch events (touchstart, touchmove, touchend) update component state and trigger calendar navigation or mode toggling. Internal functions compute date calculations, handle validation, and modify the visual presentation accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The images are embedded base64 data URLs. The polyfill libraries are standard. No unusual or obfuscated code is detected; the code is well-structured and uses common Vue.js patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive Vue.js calendar component that manages date rendering, user interactions, and visual transitions. It uses standard polyfills for compatibility. No signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, privilege escalation, or hidden code are evident. The event handling and date validation follow expected patterns. All external dependencies are benign, and embedded images are typical base64 assets. The code includes no suspicious functions, dynamic code execution, or data leaks.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate Vue.js calendar component designed for mobile use. It contains no malware indicators or security risks. The code is structured, non-obfuscated, and relies on common libraries and patterns. Overall, it is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}