{
  "purpose": "Provides functions to evaluate mathematical expressions and CSS unit calculations safely from string formulas, supporting complex operations and unit consistency.",
  "sources": "Reads input formulas passed to the 'math' function; reads 'additionalSymbols' parameter for custom operator definitions.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'calculate' to process expression tokens; applies mathematical operations; returns a string with the computed value and unit.",
  "flows": "Input string is reversed and tokenized; tokens are parsed through pattern matching; operations are executed using operator stacks; final value is combined with the unit.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears well-structured, uses regex for tokenization, and implements safe mathematical parsing. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The only potentially noteworthy point is the reversal of the formula string, but it appears to be a deliberate parsing strategy for unit consistency checks, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a math evaluation engine that parses formulas for CSS units, supporting various operations. It uses regex to tokenize input, then processes tokens with operator precedence and parentheses. The reversal of the input string is a parsing technique to ensure all units are consistent. The code does not perform network requests, file operations, or system modifications. It relies on internal error handling and standard JavaScript functions. No obfuscated code, external suspicious calls, or malicious patterns are detected. It seems intentionally designed for safe evaluation of CSS-related formulas.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs safe parsing and evaluation of mathematical expressions with units. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activities are found. It appears to be a legitimate utility for CSS calculations. Overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}