{
  "purpose": "The code provides a mathematical expression parser and evaluator that supports CSS units, allowing calculation of complex formulas involving units like px, rem, etc.",
  "sources": "The code reads input through the 'formula' parameter passed to the math() function, and reads additional symbols via the 'additionalSymbols' parameter. It also reads data from the regular expression matches and string operations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the calculation function which evaluates mathematical expressions. It also processes input strings that could potentially be manipulated for injection if the input is malicious. However, it does not execute arbitrary code or run external commands.",
  "flows": "Input string 'formula' is reversed, matched against regex for units, checked for uniform units, cleaned, and then passed into the 'calculate' function for evaluation. The regex matching and string manipulation constitute the main data flow from input to calculation.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses string reversal and regex matching on user-provided formula strings, but it does not evaluate code dynamically like eval(). It relies on a custom parser. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. No obfuscated or suspicious dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a mathematical expression parser with support for CSS units. It performs regex matching to extract units, checks for consistency, then parses and evaluates the expression safely via custom functions. No use of eval() or external commands, minimizing risk. The structure is straightforward, with no anomalies like hardcoded secrets or backdoors. The input is sanitized by regex and string processing before evaluation, reducing risk of injection. Overall, the implementation appears focused on safe math evaluation, with no malicious behavior identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe mathematical expression parser intended for CSS unit calculations. No malicious behavior or malware signs are present. It handles inputs carefully, performing unit consistency checks and avoiding dynamic code execution. Security risks are minimal; the code is well-contained and does not appear to be malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}