{
  "purpose": "This code provides a mathematical expression evaluator for CSS units, supporting various mathematical operations and parsing string formulas for use in styling or calculations.",
  "sources": "Input is received via the 'formula' parameter, a string representing a CSS unit-based mathematical expression. Additional symbols can be provided through the 'additionalSymbols' parameter.",
  "sinks": "The code processes the formula internally and returns a computed string with the result appended with the unit. It does not directly involve external sinks such as network, file, or environment variable access.",
  "flows": "The input formula is reversed, matched against regex to identify units, then cleaned and parsed into tokens. The tokens are used to perform calculations, and the result is combined with the unit.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward with no hardcoded secrets or credentials. The regex pattern includes numerous CSS-related units, but this is standard. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution appears present. Error handling is via imported error class, with no indication of malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code imports modules for default symbols and errors, then defines functions for merging symbol maps, executing operations, parsing and calculating expressions, and reversing strings. The 'math' function validates that all units in the formula are consistent, then processes the expression to compute a numerical result with the associated unit. No network access, data exfiltration, or system modification code is present. The approach uses regex for tokenization and a standard parsing algorithm. No suspicious patterns, hardcoded credentials, or malicious code structures are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematically sound parser and evaluator designed for CSS units, with no evidence of malicious intent. It performs safe string parsing and calculation without external side effects. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}