{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to retrieve file paths from a git repository and filter them according to glob patterns, supporting both asynchronous and synchronous operations.",
  "sources": "Input sources include function parameters such as 'globStr', 'opts', and data read from git commands via 'exec' and 'execSync', particularly the stdout from 'git ls-files' and 'git ls-files --deleted'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are where untrusted data could lead to security issues, notably in the use of 'exec' and 'execSync' with 'gitCommand', executing shell commands constructed from parameters, and 'child_process' functions executing system commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-controlled inputs ('globStr', 'opts'), through functions that normalize and process glob patterns and paths, then into shell command execution ('git ls-files', 'git ls-files --deleted'), with the command outputs parsed and filtered for use as file paths.",
  "anomalies": "The code constructs shell commands using string concatenation without sanitization, potentially allowing command injection if 'gitFlags' or other parameters are influenced by untrusted input. No explicit input validation or sanitization is performed before executing shell commands. The code relies on external parameters to influence command execution, which could be risky if misused.",
  "analysis": "The code's primary security concern is the use of 'exec' and 'execSync' with commands constructed from function parameters, notably 'gitFlags' and 'gitignore'. These parameters are incorporated into shell commands without validation, creating potential for command injection if external input influences these parameters. The functions process data from git commands, which are safe under normal operation, but if malicious input is fed into 'gitFlags' or similar parameters, an attacker could execute arbitrary shell commands. The code does not perform input sanitization or validation, increasing risk. There is no evidence of malicious code such as backdoors, data exfiltration, or hidden malicious actions. The code appears to be standard utility functions for source code management.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as intended to retrieve and filter git-tracked files using glob patterns, with no explicit malicious behavior observed. The main concern is the potential for command injection via unvalidated parameters used in shell commands. If inputs are controlled or influenced by an attacker, there could be security risks. Overall, the code seems legitimate with a moderate risk if used improperly.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 5
}