{
  "purpose": "The code appears to initialize a WebGL rendering context, set up shaders, and render graphical effects related to map samples, brightness, colors, and markers. It likely serves to visualize map data with visual enhancements.",
  "sources": "Data sources include image data embedded as base64, input from HTML canvas (via getContext), and uniform variables passed to shaders. It also reads properties from the E object such as map dimensions, marker data, and configuration parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve WebGL texture creation and shader uniform updates. No evidence of untrusted data directly influencing sensitive system operations or network communication. No file or system modifications are observed.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data from inputs such as the E object properties and embedded images flow into WebGL texture setup, shader uniforms, and rendering functions. The data flow primarily influences visual rendering; no network or system interaction is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes extensive use of obfuscated or minimized shader code, complex mathematical functions, and dynamic shader uniform updates. However, this is consistent with WebGL shader programming. There are no hardcoded credentials or suspicious domain connections. Embedded base64 image is standard for texture initialization. No hidden backdoors or malicious logic are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script imports a dependency, then defines various parameters and functions for mapping and rendering map data. It sets up a WebGL context, creates textures from embedded base64 images, and defines vertex and fragment shaders for visual effects. Data flows from input objects into shader uniforms, which influence rendering. The code appears to be a standard WebGL visualization setup with no suspicious network activity, file manipulation, or obfuscated malicious code. Although shader code is complex and obfuscated, it aligns with typical graphical rendering logic, not malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a WebGL-based visualization component for map data, with no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or harmful behaviors. It processes input data to produce graphical output without performing any suspicious or malicious actions. The obfuscation appears to be for shader code complexity, not malicious hiding.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}