{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to generate SVG images and color schemes for visual patterns, likely used for backgrounds or puzzle pieces in a graphical application.",
  "sources": "Inputs include optional parameters for colors, seeds, distortions, rotations, dimensions, and schemes. No external data sources or user inputs are directly read in the code itself.",
  "sinks": "Generated SVG strings are outputted, which could be rendered as images in a browser. No direct data leakage, network communication, or file system access is present.",
  "flows": "Parameters influence the generation of SVG strings with color schemes, grid patterns, and filters. There are no external data flows or untrusted data sources affecting the outputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive obfuscation functions (_toConsumableArray, _arrayLikeToArray, etc.) that are typically used in minified or transpiled code but do not indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. No dynamic code execution or network activity is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for generating randomized color schemes, grid patterns, and SVG images with filters. Random number generation uses Math.random() within specified ranges, which is standard for visual variation. The SVG output is constructed via string concatenation without executing any untrusted code or network operations. The presence of obfuscation helpers appears to be a standard transpilation artifact, not malicious. No sensitive data handling, credential use, or network communication is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign utility for generating SVG graphics with randomized visual effects. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The obfuscation functions are typical for transpiled JavaScript code and do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}