{
  "purpose": "The code initializes or retrieves an AngularJS module 'wfm.step.signature' and caches a template containing a header and an image with 'ng-src=\"{{model.imageURI}}\"'. The code is static, with no external inputs or dynamic code execution, and serves to cache a simple template for later use.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external input; it references 'model.imageURI' which is expected to be set elsewhere in the application.",
  "sinks": "The 'ng-src' attribute where 'model.imageURI' is bound; if 'model.imageURI' is untrusted, it could lead to loading malicious images or privacy issues.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'model.imageURI' (set elsewhere) into the 'ng-src' attribute of the image element.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or unusual code patterns; the code is straightforward AngularJS template caching.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard AngularJS module and template cache setup, with a template that includes an image bound to 'model.imageURI'. There is no obfuscation, malicious code, or external input processing within this snippet. The only potential concern is if 'model.imageURI' is sourced from untrusted data, which could lead to security issues such as malicious image loading. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious activity. The obfuscated score is 0, given the code's clarity. The security risk score is low (around 0.1-0.2), reflecting the potential risk if 'model.imageURI' is untrusted, but this is outside the scope of this code snippet and depends on how 'model.imageURI' is set elsewhere. The confidence score is high (around 0.9-1), as the code is straightforward and well-understood. Overall, the code is benign, with only a minor security consideration regarding input trustworthiness.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard AngularJS template caching snippet with no malicious activity or obfuscation. The only potential security concern relates to the trustworthiness of 'model.imageURI', which should be validated or sanitized in the broader application context. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is low (~0.1-0.2).",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}