{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to generate CSS shadow styles based on parameters such as size, light source, and various aesthetic factors. It calculates shadow offsets, blur, opacity, and spread to produce shadow strings for styling.",
  "sources": "Input parameters: size, oomph, crispy, layerIndex, lightSource, numOfLayers, resolution, shadowColorCP, tintShadows, backgroundHsl; external modules: utilities for normalization, bezier curve calculation, rounding, clamping, range, and formatting.",
  "sinks": "Returns shadow style strings with CSS hsl color and opacity; uses environment variables or external data only for input parameters, no data leakage or external system interaction observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters influence calculations for offsets, blur, opacity, spread, and color modifications; these are combined into CSS shadow strings, with no external system or data leak flow detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors. The code performs mathematical calculations and string formatting, which are standard. No suspicious dynamic code execution, network activity, or file system interaction is present.",
  "analysis": "The code predominantly consists of mathematical functions to compute shadow styling attributes based on input parameters. It relies on external utilities for core calculations. No evidence of malicious code, such as network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors, is found. The code does not manipulate system files or environment variables beyond standard input parameters. It is purely computational and formatting logic. The presence of a well-structured and parameterized approach suggests legitimate styling functionality without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility for generating CSS shadows based on design parameters. There are no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It safely performs calculations and string formatting for styling purposes, with no external system impact.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}