{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a JavaScript module for rendering Neo4j graph data visualizations, transforming Neo4j query results into a specific format for chart rendering.",
  "sources": "Reads data from input parameter 'data' in the NeoDatatoChartData function, and reads modules required from './neo4jd3.js'. It also reads the 'parentElement' parameter in createNeoChart.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write or send data externally, nor does it execute untrusted inputs directly. It generates data for visualization and may throw errors or log warnings.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the input parameter 'data' through parsing functions, which transform it into a specific data structure for visualization. No external or network flows are present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are observed. The code contains only standard data transformation and visualization setup logic. It uses dynamic imports but no suspicious code execution or obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code defines helper functions for module import compatibility, constructs a data structure for graph visualization, and processes Neo4j query results into a format suitable for rendering. It checks for 'p' or 'n' properties in input data to determine the structure and processes nodes and relationships accordingly. The code includes error handling for missing parent elements and logs warnings for unhandled cases. There are no indications of malicious code, data exfiltration, or external network communication. The module is focused on data transformation and visualization setup, with no apparent malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard data transformation module for Neo4j visualization, with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It processes input data and prepares it for visualization without external side effects or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}