{
  "purpose": "Provides functions to execute SQL commands via an external engine, including running SQL queries, converting results to JSON, and reading/writing from/to files.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters such as database paths, input SQL strings, input/output file paths, and environment variables related to Windows paths.",
  "sinks": "Executes external commands via spawn functions (`launchCommand`, `printCommand`) which invoke the `mdb-sql` engine with constructed arguments, and writes output to files.",
  "flows": "Input data (SQL strings, file paths, database paths) flows into command construction, then into external command execution, and results are processed and returned.",
  "anomalies": "Use of command-line tools with dynamic path resolution, minimal input validation; input parameters are incorporated directly into command arguments. No suspicious hardcoded secrets or backdoors observed. No obfuscated code or unusual language features detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily wraps external command-line interactions with the 'mdb-sql' engine, handling database file paths and SQL queries or scripts. The parameters are used to build command arguments, with paths resolved to absolute locations. No code injection, data leakage, or suspicious network activity is evident. Functions are designed for data retrieval and file operations, with straightforward control flow. No hardcoded credentials, malicious payloads, or backdoors are present. Use of external commands appears to be intended for legitimate database operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a safe interface for executing SQL commands through an external tool. No malicious behavior or malware signs detected. The design is typical for utility wrappers around command-line database tools. No security risks identified beyond standard potential risks of executing external commands with user-supplied paths.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}