{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to execute SQL queries via a command-line tool 'mdb-sql', handle file input/output, and parse CSV results into JSON format. It acts as an interface between JavaScript and the database through command-line commands.",
  "sources": "Input data from function parameters: database path, Windows path, SQL statements, input/output file paths, and command arguments. It also reads the content of specified input files when constructing command arguments.",
  "sinks": "Execution of shell commands via 'launchCommand' and 'printCommand' functions with constructed command strings and arguments. Use of 'path.resolve' to determine file paths for database, input, and output files.",
  "flows": "Sources (user-provided parameters and file paths) are used to build command-line instructions and arguments, which are then executed via subprocess calls. Output from these commands is processed into strings or JSON objects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are evident. The code dynamically constructs command-line arguments with user-provided data. Use of template literals in argument construction appears safe, but reliance on external command 'mdb-sql' and proper escaping is crucial. No suspicious code behaviors like network calls, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. No obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code correctly resolves file paths and constructs command-line arguments for executing SQL commands through an external utility. It retrieves query results as strings, converts CSV data to JSON, and manages file input/output operations. No unsafe handling of untrusted data is observed beyond standard command-line invocation, which is expected for such a tool. The code does not embed or execute any suspicious or malicious logic. Usage of external commands and file operations is typical for such utility wrappers. No indicators of malicious intent or sabotage are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a wrapper around an external SQL utility, providing safe abstractions for executing queries and managing files. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration. Proper path resolution is used, but security depends on the safety of the external 'mdb-sql' tool and environment configuration. Overall, the code appears secure and intended for legitimate data processing tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}