{
  "purpose": "The code implements transaction signing and execution tools for a Safe (multi-signature wallet) system, enabling signing, transaction execution, and related operations within a secure transaction flow.",
  "sources": "Input data from function parameters (safeAddress, txHash, nonce, signerIdentifier, executorIdentifier, gasLimit, gasPrice, gasBoost), environment variables via configuration and RPC URL, user-provided identifiers, and transaction data loaded from storage.",
  "sinks": "Signing services, transaction execution services, transaction storage, and network RPC calls (ethers provider, executeTransaction).",
  "flows": "Input parameters and configuration data flow into transaction signing and execution functions; transaction data is loaded from storage; signer initialization and owner resolution occur; signatures are generated and stored; transactions are executed on the network; results and status are returned.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for blockchain transaction workflows. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic are evident. No hidden network communication or obfuscated code. The code performs expected operations without unusual control flow or misleading variables.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard transaction signing and execution with validation steps, owner resolution, and signature management. It relies on external services and SDKs, with proper parameter validation using zod. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are observed. The use of async/await, structured error handling, and external integrations align with typical blockchain tooling. No hardcoded secrets or malicious data leakage mechanisms are present. The code does not perform any unexpected network connections, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoor functionalities.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate and intended for transaction signing and execution within a multi-signature wallet context. It employs standard security practices, parameter validation, and external service calls. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware indicators are detected. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}