{
  "purpose": "The code initializes and creates a visual representation of a phone with an embedded iframe and image, allowing customization of view, size, and scale.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from 'el' (DOM element), options object (url, view, image, scale, width, height), and some internal variables.",
  "sinks": "Sets iframe src attribute with 'url', sets image src attribute with 'image', manipulates DOM styles, and inserts CSS styles into the document.",
  "flows": "Input options (url, image) flow into iframe.src and img.src; size options affect CSS styling and scaling; CSS and DOM elements are created based on input options.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically inserts CSS and creates DOM elements, but no suspicious or malicious code patterns (e.g., data exfiltration, network communication beyond iframe src, backdoors, or obfuscated code) are evident. No hardcoded credentials, unusual network calls, or suspicious behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily manipulates DOM elements, styles, and iframe sources for UI purposes. It uses input options to set URLs for iframe and images, which could be used maliciously if untrusted URLs are supplied. However, there is no evidence of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, system access, or hidden backdoors. The CSS injection appears standard for styling scrollbars and positioning elements. No obfuscated or suspicious code features are present. The code does not perform any network communication other than iframe src assignment, which is typical for embedding external content. Overall, it seems designed for visual display customization with potential risks if supplied with malicious URLs, but no malicious behavior is intrinsic to this code itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily UI setup and styling for displaying a phone mockup with embedded iframe and images. No malicious behavior or malware indications are detected. The main security concern is reliance on external URLs provided via options, which could lead to malicious content if those URLs are untrusted. Overall, it appears benign but should be used with trusted input sources.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}