{
  "purpose": "This module provides a function wrapper for error handling with customizable catchers and context management, enabling enhanced error tracking and handling in JavaScript functions.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function arguments, errors caught via try-catch blocks, and context data stored in the 'contexts' Map. The module also reads error objects from caught exceptions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include invoking user-provided catcher functions, which could execute arbitrary code, and storing error objects and context data in a Map, which may be exploited if manipulated maliciously. However, no direct system or network interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Errors thrown or rejected promises flow from try-catch blocks to catcher functions. Catcher results or errors propagate back to the wrapped function, with context updates during error handling. Context data flows between error objects and the Map.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains informal comments and some inconsistent variable declarations (e.g., missing 'let' or 'const' for 'fn' inside the main function). The use of the contexts Map for error tracking is notable but not inherently malicious. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution observed. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code wraps functions to add error handling with customizable catchers, supporting both synchronous and asynchronous (Promise-based) functions. It manages a contexts Map for associating error objects with contextual information. Error handling involves invoking user-defined catcher functions, with error replacement and propagation. The design includes methods for chaining catchers ('and') and toggling context tracking ('withContext'/'withoutContext'). No external system calls, network activities, or code injections are detected. The code’s structure appears to be for enhanced error management rather than malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a structured error handling utility that adds flexibility for catching and processing errors. It does not contain malicious intent, malicious behavior, or supply chain security risks. The only concerns are minor coding inconsistencies and the potential risk inherent in executing user-provided functions, which is typical for such utility modules. Overall, it appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}