{
  "purpose": "This module provides a utility to wrap functions with error handling and custom catchers, allowing for context-aware error management in asynchronous and synchronous functions.",
  "sources": "Function arguments, error objects caught in try-catch blocks, and Promise resolutions or rejections.",
  "sinks": "Error handling via catchers, modification of context map, and rethrowing errors.",
  "flows": "Errors are caught in wrapped functions, stored in a contexts Map, passed to catchers, which may return values or throw new errors, with flow managing asynchronous results via resolveResult and resolveError functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code maintains a global contexts Map for error-context pairing, which may be used for tracking errors. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network operations are present. The comments contain informal language, but do not influence code behavior. The code uses dynamic function wrapping with 'call' and Promise handling, but no obfuscation or malicious code patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a function that wraps provided functions to add structured error handling with multiple catchers. It uses a Map to associate errors with context objects, aiding debugging or state tracking. Error flow management includes asynchronous handling with await in resolveResult and resolveError. There are no signs of malicious payloads such as data exfiltration, network communications, or backdoors. The global contexts map might be exploited for tracking errors across modules, but that is a design choice rather than malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a utility for enhanced error management without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a structured error handling wrapper for functions, supporting asynchronous errors and multiple catchers. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident. The use of a global contexts map for error tracking is a potential privacy concern but not malicious. Overall, this code appears benign and intended for debugging or error management purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}