{
  "purpose": "This code provides a utility to wrap functions with error handling and context management, allowing chaining of catchers and context preservation across asynchronous calls.",
  "sources": "Function calls (originalFn, wrappedFn, catchers), error catching and handling blocks, Promise results, context setting and deletion.",
  "sinks": "Error objects being stored and retrieved from a Map, invocation of user-provided catchers, Promise resolution and rejection handling.",
  "flows": "Function execution -> try/catch block -> errors stored in context -> catchers invoked -> Promise handling functions -> context deletion on success or failure.",
  "anomalies": "Extensive use of dynamic function wrapping and chaining, manipulation of context objects, the use of contexts.set() and contexts.delete() to track errors, which could potentially be misused for tracking or malicious purposes if misused outside intended scope.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a higher-order function to wrap existing functions for error handling. It maintains an error context map, allowing the retrieval of error-specific context data. The wrapping supports chaining of catchers and can handle both synchronous and asynchronous functions. The design involves storing error contexts in a global Map, which could be exploited for tracking or data leakage if misused. The code does not include network access, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The functions handle errors internally, with no indication of malicious side effects. No obfuscated code or malicious payloads are present; the code appears to serve as a debugging or error handling utility. The usage of context storage and manipulation appears controlled within the utility, and no suspicious behaviors like network calls, file system access, or code injection are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a function wrapping utility for enhanced error handling and context management. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. The main concern is the use of global context storage, which could be misused in broader application scopes, but within this isolated module, there is no evidence of malicious intent. The code appears legitimate, safe for use as an error handling utility.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}