{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a minified JavaScript library related to map editing, drawing, and geojson processing, likely used in a mapping or GIS application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from map interactions, user input events, and configuration objects. It also imports dependencies for geojson processing, lodash utilities, and other helper modules.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous sinks include network calls (not explicitly observed), DOM manipulations (adding/removing map layers, event handling), and access to environment or map data. No evidence of direct data leaks or malicious data exfiltration is observed.",
  "flows": "The code reads user interactions and map state as sources; these data can influence map rendering, feature editing, and mode switching. No clear data flow leading to external network requests or sensitive data leaks is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code is highly minified, which is typical for production libraries but can hide malicious code. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are explicitly found. The code includes many standard geojson validation and manipulation functions, but some functions such as 'getCoord', 'getCoords' perform data parsing, with no indication of malicious intent. No suspicious network calls or obfuscated code that executes dynamic evals or reverse shells are detected. The structure aligns with map drawing tools; no supply chain sabotage patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is predominantly a minified library for geojson feature creation, editing, and rendering in a map context. It imports various modules and defines functions for feature manipulation, mode management, event handling, and data validation. The minification masks internal logic, but typical functions include feature creation, coordinate validation, and event response. No suspicious code such as data exfiltration, system command execution, dynamic code evaluation, or network requests is visible. The code's purpose aligns with map drawing and editing functionalities, consistent with legitimate GIS library code. The lack of obfuscation techniques like eval, dynamic string construction, or hidden code paths suggests low likelihood of malicious sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate, minified map drawing and geojson manipulation library. No evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware is detected. Its structure and functions are consistent with standard GIS and mapping tools, and no suspicious data flows or code anomalies are found.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}