{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a bundled JavaScript library for map editing and drawing functionalities, primarily related to GeoJSON data handling, map interactions, and UI controls for map features.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from map event handlers, feature inputs, configuration options, and DOM events such as 'load', 'click', 'mousemove', 'touchstart', etc.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests (not explicitly present), DOM manipulations, feature property updates, and event firing which could affect map rendering or data exposure. No explicit data leakage or insecure operations are directly observable.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions (clicks, drags, keypresses) through event handlers to feature modifications, UI updates, and map state changes. No evidence of malicious data flow towards external systems is present.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains minified, complex structure typical of bundled libraries. No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network connections are evident. There are multiple internal checks and standard event handling mechanisms. The code includes feature property modifications, but these are expected in a map editing library. No obfuscated malicious code, reverse shells, or data exfiltration routines are visible.",
  "analysis": "The provided code is a minified bundle of map feature manipulation modules, including feature creation, editing, selection, and UI controls. It relies on map events and feature properties to manage map features, consistent with standard map editing tools. No network requests, credential handling, or system modification routines are detected. The code's complexity and minified nature make detailed flow tracing difficult, but the absence of suspicious patterns or external network calls indicates typical map library behavior. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or hidden malware routines are identified. It is a typical, albeit complex, map feature handling codebase.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex, minified map editing library for GeoJSON features with no evident malicious intent or security risks. It functions as expected for a feature-rich map editor, handling user interactions, feature modifications, and UI updates without any signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}