{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a minified JavaScript library related to map and geojson feature management, including drawing, editing, and interaction handling within a mapping application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from DOM events (mouse/touch events), map layers, and map sources. It also reads configuration options and feature data passed into functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests (though none are directly found here), DOM manipulations, and feature data modifications. The code modifies features' coordinates, properties, and map state, but no evident malicious data leakage or network activity.",
  "flows": "Data flows from DOM event inputs and feature data into feature manipulation functions. These functions update feature coordinates, properties, and map layers based on user interactions. No external or untrusted network data flows are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors detected. The code contains extensive minification and obfuscated variable names, but these are typical for a minified library. No obfuscated code patterns that suggest malicious intent are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a heavily minified, open-source library related to geojson feature management within a map application. It includes modules for feature creation, editing, selection, and interaction, all typical of mapping libraries. No signs of data exfiltration, reverse shells, or malicious network activity are present. It reads user interactions and feature data, then updates map features accordingly, which is standard for such tools. No hardcoded secrets or hidden malicious code are detected. The minification and obfuscation are typical for library code, not malicious obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a minified open-source map feature management library. It performs standard functions for feature creation, editing, and user interaction handling. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are evident in this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}