{
  "purpose": "This code parses Prometheus metrics text format into a structured JavaScript object, converting metric lines into objects with labels and values for monitoring purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'metrics' string parameter and individual lines within it. It also reads labels and line content during parsing, and processes string input for help and metric lines.",
  "sinks": "Parsed metric objects with labels and values are stored in memory and returned. There are no direct data sinks that send data over the network, write files, or execute system commands.",
  "flows": "The input 'metrics' string is split into lines; lines are processed to identify metadata or sample data; sample lines are parsed into objects; objects are accumulated and then converted into a final structured object. No external data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. All code appears to be standard parsing logic with no obfuscated or hidden behaviors. No dynamic code execution or network activity is present.",
  "analysis": "The script is a metric parser for Prometheus format, involving line-by-line string parsing, state machine handling for label and value extraction, and transformation into structured data. The parsing logic is straightforward and explicitly handles string processing. No obfuscated, malicious, or suspicious patterns are detected. The code uses only safe string operations, object manipulations, and control flow. No external system calls, network operations, or credential handling is observed. The presence of detailed error handling with custom errors improves robustness but does not introduce malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured Prometheus metrics parser with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs expected parsing tasks safely and transparently, with no suspicious behaviors or external communications. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}