{
  "purpose": "The code extracts 'swarmURL' from the URL parameters, validates it, and if it starts with 'http', injects an external script from 'http://swarm.jquery.org/js/inject.js' via document.write.",
  "sources": "window.location.search for 'swarmURL' parameter",
  "sinks": "document.write injecting external script",
  "flows": "URL parameter 'swarmURL' -> validation check -> external script injection via document.write",
  "anomalies": "Use of document.write for script injection; external script loaded over insecure HTTP; 'swarmURL' parameter only validated but not used to determine script source",
  "analysis": "The code is straightforward, extracting 'swarmURL' and checking its scheme. If valid, it injects a fixed external script using document.write. No obfuscation or malicious code is present within this snippet. The external script's content is unknown, so potential malicious activity depends on that external resource. The pattern of loading external scripts dynamically and using document.write is risky but common in load testing scenarios. The code does not contain hardcoded credentials or malicious payloads. The validation of 'swarmURL' is minimal, only checking for 'http' prefix, which could be exploited if the URL is manipulated. The external script is loaded over HTTP, which is insecure and susceptible to man-in-the-middle attacks. Overall, the code itself is benign but employs patterns that could be exploited if the external resource is malicious or compromised.",
  "conclusion": "The code is not inherently malicious or obfuscated. Its main security concern is the pattern of dynamically injecting external scripts over insecure HTTP, which could be exploited if the external script is malicious or compromised. The 'swarmURL' parameter validation is minimal and does not influence the script source, reducing some risk. Overall, the code presents a moderate security risk due to external dependencies and use of document.write, but no direct malicious activity is evident within this snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}