{
  "purpose": "Configuration for a Rollup build process including TypeScript compilation and Sass processing.",
  "sources": "Import statements for '@rollup/plugin-typescript' and 'rollup-plugin-sass'. The 'require' call for '@babel/preset-typescript'. The 'input' field specifying the entry file 'src/index.ts'.",
  "sinks": "None present; no untrusted data or output operations detected.",
  "flows": "No source-to-sink data flow detected, as the code only defines build configuration without runtime data processing.",
  "anomalies": "The 'name' property at the root level is not standard for Rollup configuration; typically, 'name' is used within output configuration, not at the top level. The 'babelPresets' array is not a standard property for Rollup configuration; Babel presets are usually configured via Babel config files or plugin options. The use of 'require' in this context is unconventional within ES module syntax but not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward Rollup configuration file that specifies plugins for Sass and TypeScript processing. The 'import' statements are standard for including necessary plugins. The 'input' specifies the entry point. The 'plugins' array properly includes 'sass' and 'typescript' plugins with standard options. The 'babelPresets' array is non-standard and might indicate a misconfiguration or an attempt to manually specify Babel presets, which could be suspicious if misused, but in this context, it appears to be a misplacement or incomplete configuration. No data flow, no input/output operations, and no suspicious code are present. The code does not perform any runtime actions or network operations, and the configuration appears typical for a build process.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical build configuration for a TypeScript and Sass project using Rollup, with minor misconfigurations regarding 'name' and 'babelPresets'. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks in this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}