{
  "purpose": "This code implements a t-SNE (t-Distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding) algorithm for dimensionality reduction and visualization of high-dimensional data.",
  "sources": "Reads include high-dimensional data inputs (X or D), random number generators, and data passed to initDataRaw, initDataDist, or during gradient checking.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include the 2D or n-dimensional embedded data Y, computed cost, and gradient information. No external data transmission or sensitive data leaks are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input data to distance computations (xtod, d2p), then to probability matrices, followed by iterative gradient optimization updates to Y. No external network or file operations are performed.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears standard for t-SNE implementation with typical utility functions. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code segments are identified. The use of randn functions for randomness is standard. No suspicious side effects or obfuscated patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with utility functions for random number generation, distance calculations, and matrix creation. It constructs probability matrices based on perplexity using binary search to match target entropy. The core class tSNE initializes data, performs iterative optimization via gradient descent, and provides gradient checking. All functions appear aligned with standard t-SNE algorithms. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or code injection. The code structure is clear, and no obfuscated or suspicious language features are present. Randomness used is typical, and no external system modifications are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of the t-SNE algorithm with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It solely performs data processing and visualization tasks within the scope of dimensionality reduction. No malware, backdoors, or security threats are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}