{
  "purpose": "The code implements a particle emitter library for rendering particles with various behaviors, spawn shapes, and textures, primarily used for visual effects in web-based graphics applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from configuration objects for behaviors, spawn shapes, textures, and emitter settings; it also reads texture identifiers (strings) and configuration parameters like position, rotation, speed, etc.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include assigning textures to particles, applying transformations, and invoking user-defined functions (e.g., path functions, ease functions). No direct data leaks or harmful effects are evident; textures and parameters are used locally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from configuration inputs (textures, shape data, behavior configs) into particle properties and behaviors; user-provided functions (e.g., parsePath) are used to generate path behaviors. Particle states are updated and rendered, with no network or system effects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. The code relies on standard math, PIXI.js classes, and user-defined functions for path and easing, with whitelisted math functions. No evidence of code injection, system commands, or malicious network activity. The use of new Function() in parsePath is sanitized by whitelisting tokens. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive particle emitter implementation with configurable behaviors, spawn shapes, and textures. It uses standard libraries and whitelisted math functions for parsing path expressions. No network activity, system modifications, or data exfiltration logic are present. Textures are loaded via external functions, and user-supplied functions (like parsePath) are constructed securely with token whitelisting. No dynamic code execution outside controlled contexts. The code appears to be designed for visual effects without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard, well-structured particle emitter library with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It safely manages particle properties, textures, and behaviors, with no network or system impact. No malicious signals or backdoors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}