{
  "purpose": "Evaluate the supply chain security of the open source JavaScript particle emitter library, focusing on potential malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks, especially regarding dynamic code execution in parsePath().",
  "sources": "The parsePath() function reads path expression strings and constructs functions via new Function(). Other data sources include configuration objects, texture strings, and parameters for behaviors.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the dynamic function created by new Function() in parsePath(), which executes path expressions. No other significant sinks such as network or file system access are present.",
  "flows": "Untrusted path strings flow into parsePath(), which whitelists characters and functions, then executes via new Function(). The rest of the code processes configuration data, textures, and behavior parameters without external data flows.",
  "anomalies": "The main anomaly is the use of new Function() for evaluating path expressions, which can be a security concern if inputs are untrusted. The code mitigates this with character whitelisting but does not fully eliminate the risk.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard PIXI.js particle emitter library with well-defined behaviors, spawn shapes, and utilities. The critical point is the parsePath() function, which constructs functions from strings. The implementation employs a character whitelist and restricts accessible functions, significantly reducing the risk of code injection. No signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or external communication are detected. The code is clear, well-structured, and not obfuscated. The main security concern remains the potential for injection if path strings are sourced from untrusted inputs, but with the current safeguards, this risk is minimal. The malware score is appropriate at 0, obfuscated score at 0, and security risk score around 0.2, reflecting controlled dynamic code execution. Overall, the code is safe for use with trusted inputs, but caution is advised if path expressions originate from untrusted sources.",
  "conclusion": "The particle emitter library is legitimate and well-structured, with the primary security consideration being the use of new Function() in parsePath(). The whitelisting approach mitigates most risks, and no malicious activity or backdoors are present. For environments with untrusted path inputs, further sanitization or alternative expression parsing is recommended. The overall security posture is low risk, with scores of malware 0, obfuscated 0, and risk approximately 0.2.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}