{
  "purpose": "The code implements a JavaScript library called Split.js, designed to enable resizable split views (horizontal or vertical) within a webpage layout by dragging gutters between elements.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from element IDs or DOM elements, user interactions (mouse/touch events during dragging), and configuration options provided during initialization.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM element styles (size adjustments), adds event listeners for drag actions, creates and inserts gutter elements, and updates CSS properties based on user interaction.",
  "flows": "Input elements or selectors are used to initialize split pairs. Event listeners handle dragging; during drag, offsets are calculated from user events, and sizes of involved elements are updated via style adjustments. Event listeners are added and removed dynamically during drag start/stop.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for a layout utility; no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activity is present. No obfuscated code, no suspicious external calls, or hidden data exfiltration detected. All event handling is local, intended for user-driven layout adjustment.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured implementation of a split layout utility. It detects browser capabilities, manages drag events carefully, and manipulates DOM styles for responsive resizing. There are no hidden or malicious operations, such as network connections, system modifications, or covert data collection. It does use event listeners to handle drag interactions, which is typical for such UI features. The code is not minified or obfuscated beyond standard practices, and no suspicious patterns are observed. The logic is consistent with standard UI behavior, and all interactions are local to the webpage DOM, with no indication of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate layout utility library (Split.js) with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles user interactions to resize layout elements, with no network activity or backdoors detected. Its design is typical for a UI component and appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}