{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this source code is to provide a JavaScript library for creating resizable split views (panels) in web pages, allowing users to drag gutters to resize adjacent elements horizontally or vertically.",
  "sources": "The code reads input/data from DOM element selectors provided in the constructor (ids), and from event objects during dragging (mouse/touch events). It also accesses style properties and element sizes.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM style modifications (setting width/height, cursor styles), event listener attachments/removals, and possible user interactions via mouse/touch events.",
  "flows": "The code reads element sizes and styles (sources), processes drag events and calculates new sizes (flows), then applies size changes to elements via style modifications (sinks).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Uses standard event handling, style modifications, and DOM manipulations consistent with a UI library. No suspicious network activity, data leaks, or hidden actions are present. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of a split view UI component.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured library designed for creating split views with draggable gutters. It includes feature detection, event handling, dynamic style adjustments, and support for legacy browsers like IE8. No obfuscated code, malicious network calls, or suspicious data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The event listeners and style modifications are typical for this kind of UI component. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are observed. The logic focuses solely on UI behavior and style management, with proper cleanup functions. All operations appear to be standard, non-malicious interactions with DOM elements and user events.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate open-source UI library for split views without any signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It functions as intended, with no indicators of malware or security risks. The malware score is very low, and the security risk score is minimal, primarily due to its benign functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}