{
  "purpose": "The code repeatedly generates and logs bcrypt salts using an infinite recursive call, leading to resource exhaustion.",
  "sources": "The call to bcrypt.genSalt within the printSalt() function, which is invoked immediately and calls itself recursively after each salt generation.",
  "sinks": "The console.log statement outputs the generated salt; no untrusted input or external data flows are present.",
  "flows": "The function printSalt() calls bcrypt.genSalt(), then logs the salt, then calls itself again, creating a source-to-sink flow that recurses infinitely.",
  "anomalies": "Unbounded recursive call without termination condition; no input validation or exit logic; straightforward code with no obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code imports bcrypt, defines and immediately invokes printSalt(), which generates a salt asynchronously, logs it, and then calls itself recursively. This results in infinite recursion, causing resource exhaustion and potential denial of service. No malicious activities such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The code is clear and non-obfuscated. The primary concern is the unbounded recursion flaw, not malicious intent. The malware score is 0, as no malicious behavior is detected. The security risk score is moderate (around 0.3 to 0.4), reflecting the resource exhaustion potential but not a security breach. The confidence score is high (around 0.9), given the straightforward nature of the code and analysis. The anomaly is the unbounded recursive call, which should be fixed to prevent system crashes.",
  "conclusion": "The code contains a logical flaw due to infinite recursion, leading to resource exhaustion and potential denial of service. There is no malicious intent or activity. The scores are appropriate; the malware score remains 0, obfuscated score 0, and the risk score should be increased slightly to 0.5 to better reflect the severity of resource exhaustion. The main recommendation is to fix the recursion flaw to prevent system instability.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}