{
  "purpose": "This code defines a function to retrieve intraday stock chart data from an external API service and processes the data into a structured format.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters such as 'symbol', 'date', and various flags from function arguments. It constructs an API endpoint URL dynamically based on these inputs. It also calls 'iexApiRequest' from an external module to fetch data.",
  "sinks": "The data returned from 'iexApiRequest' is processed and returned; no data is written to external systems or files directly within this code. The code does not send data over the network beyond the API request.",
  "flows": "Input parameters influence the API endpoint URL, which then is used by 'iexApiRequest' to fetch data. The received data is mapped into instances of 'IntradayIEXOnly' and returned.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code is present. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. The code appears to be a standard API request wrapper with parameter-based URL construction.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically constructs an API URL with parameters provided at runtime, then calls an external API request function. The response data is mapped into a defined class structure. There are no indications of data leaks, malicious code, or backdoors. The URL construction appears straightforward and based solely on input parameters, with no hardcoded secrets. The only external dependency is 'iexApiRequest', whose security depends on its implementation, but that is outside this code fragment. No obfuscated or malicious code features are present. The code is primarily focused on data fetching and transformation.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate API wrapper function for fetching stock chart data. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The code structure and content are consistent with standard data retrieval functions. No security risks or anomalies are detected within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}