{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a utility for processing CSS feature support, prefixing, and supports queries. It manipulates CSS rules and declarations for compatibility purposes.",
  "sources": "Require statements for 'caniuse-lite/data/features/css-featurequeries.js', 'caniuse-lite', 'postcss', and local modules ('browsers', 'brackets', 'value', 'utils') suggest reliance on external data and utilities. Data parsing occurs in the 'feature' function and 'parse' method. Data is read from 'data.stats' for browser support info.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs and manipulates CSS rules and declarations, which could potentially include untrusted strings if misused. However, no direct sinks like network calls, eval, or system modifications are present. It primarily processes CSS AST nodes.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'caniuse-lite' feeds into support analysis. CSS strings are parsed and processed into AST nodes via 'postcss'. These nodes are modified, filtered, and re-serialized with 'brackets.stringify'. Data flows from support detection to CSS AST manipulation and output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or suspicious strings are present. The code performs straightforward support analysis and CSS AST processing. No unusual code patterns or obfuscation detected. It does contain dynamic string processing, but this is typical for CSS processing tools.",
  "analysis": "The code loads support data for CSS features and determines supported browsers. It defines a 'Supports' class that manages prefixing CSS rules based on support status, parses CSS strings, and processes AST nodes for prefixing and removal of unnecessary prefixes. It includes methods to handle complex CSS conditions and options. There are no signs of malicious code, such as network requests, system modifications, or data exfiltration. The logic is consistent with CSS prefixing utilities, and no obfuscation or malware indicators are found.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a CSS support and prefixing utility with no evident malicious intent. It operates solely on CSS ASTs and support data. No malware or security risks are apparent based on the provided code. The code appears safe for use, assuming the data sources are trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}