{
  "purpose": "This code is a JavaScript module that processes CSS feature support data, performs prefixing, and manipulates CSS rules and declarations for browser compatibility.",
  "sources": "Requires external modules ('caniuse-lite', 'postcss', local modules './browsers', './brackets', './value', './utils') and reads feature support data from 'caniuse-lite'. It processes input strings, data objects, and CSS rule ASTs.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'parse' from 'postcss' to parse CSS strings into AST nodes, and modifies or generates CSS rule nodes and declarations.",
  "flows": "Data is read from feature support data and input CSS strings; parsed into AST; filtered for supported browsers; CSS declarations are parsed, processed, prefixed, and modified; final CSS rules are reconstructed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activity. No obfuscated code features. Code relies on well-known modules and processes data in a typical manner for a CSS prefixer tool.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically loads feature support data, filters supported browsers, and performs prefixing and CSS rule modifications through a class. The class methods include parsing strings, creating virtual CSS rules, adding/removing prefixes, and cleaning up rule structures. No external network activity, suspicious code constructs, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code does not perform any system modifications, data exfiltration, or covert operations. It functions as a CSS prefixing utility, which is a common and legitimate use case. The structure and dependencies are consistent with typical CSS processing libraries.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard CSS prefixing and support handling module with no signs of malicious intent. It processes CSS data securely and in a typical manner for a prefixing library. There are no indications of malware or malicious behavior. It is safe to use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}