{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be focused on constructing graph data structures, adding vertices and edges, and computing shortest or scenic paths using the 'mm' library. Its primary function seems to be graph analysis or routing calculations.",
  "sources": "Data arrays (dataEx, dataEx2, dataEx3) used to define vertices and neighbors; require('../dist/index') importing the graph library; method calls on graph objects (add_edge, shortest_path, print_scenic_path, print_shortest_path).",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data; no network operations, file writes, or environment variable usage observed.",
  "flows": "Data arrays are used to create graph structures; methods like add_edge, shortest_path, and print_path operate on graph data, but no external data flows or injections are evident.",
  "anomalies": "All code is standard graph construction and traversal logic; commented-out sections and variable naming are normal for such use cases. No suspicious code patterns or hidden behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a graph library and builds graphs from provided datasets. It adds edges based on neighbor lists, then performs path computations like shortest path and scenic path. The datasets are simple JSON-like structures with vertex names and distances, with no signs of data manipulation or malicious injections. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or environment variables is present. No network activity, data leaks, or credential handling occurs. All operations are local and straightforward graph algorithms. The presence of commented code and multiple datasets suggests testing or demonstration purposes but no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script functions as a graph analysis tool, constructing graphs and calculating paths without any suspicious or malicious behavior. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The code appears benign and consistent with intended graph processing tasks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}