{
  "purpose": "This code serves as a factory class for creating interfaces and connecting to a specific Ethereum smart contract (GasPriceOracle) using ethers.js. It provides utility functions to interact with the contract's functions and events.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the ABI array, which defines contract functions and events. It also reads the contract address and signer/provider when connecting to the contract.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that process untrusted data or perform external network calls beyond the standard contract connection. The code does not handle user input or external data directly.",
  "flows": "The code flows from the creation of an interface via 'createInterface()' to connecting to a deployed contract at a specified address via 'connect()'. No data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks within this code.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, dynamic code execution, or suspicious patterns are present. The code is auto-generated and straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, auto-generated ethers.js factory class for a smart contract, containing only ABI definitions and utility functions for interface creation and contract connection. It does not include any malicious code, obfuscation, or suspicious behaviors. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0 or very low) are consistent with the benign nature of the code. No external network calls or data leaks are present, and the code's structure aligns with typical patterns for contract interaction. The high confidence scores reflect the clear and standard implementation. Overall, the code is safe and free from security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a benign, auto-generated factory class for Ethereum smart contract interaction. It contains no malicious or obfuscated elements, and the security risk is negligible. The scores assigned are appropriate and consistent with the code's nature.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}