{
  "purpose": "The code implements a market making bot for trading on the COSS exchange, managing order books, creating orders, canceling orders, and maintaining wallet balances. It handles websocket connections, API calls, and order management for automated trading strategies.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from WebSocket streams, HTTP API responses, process signals (e.g., SIGINT, uncaught exceptions, unhandled rejections), and command line input via stdin. It accesses environment variables via hardcoded API keys ($private, $public).",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can influence order creation, cancellation, and wallet updates through API calls (order add/cancel, get balances). The code makes HTTP requests with cryptographic signatures for private endpoints, and writes data to WebSocket connections. It also potentially modifies internal state based on external data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from WebSocket data frames into parsing and order book updates; API responses influence wallet balances and order statuses; process signals (SIGINT, exceptions) trigger order cancellations; stdin input can trigger order creation or cancellation; order creation/cancellation functions send HTTP requests with signatures, updating wallet and order states accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are directly embedded, except the placeholders $private and $public, which are meant to be provided externally. The code extensively logs activities, which could leak sensitive information if logs are improperly handled. The use of global variables ($private, $public) suggests potential risk if they are not securely managed externally. The code includes functions that involve cryptographic signing, order management, and websocket handling, all standard for trading bots, but no malicious code patterns like reverse shells, data exfiltration, or network connections to suspicious domains are present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a comprehensive implementation of a market making bot with features for order creation, management, cancellation, websocket communication, and wallet handling. It uses cryptographic signing for API requests, manages API rate limits, and handles process signals to safely exit and cancel orders. No obfuscated code, hidden network connections, or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. The code's purpose aligns with trading automation, and all external communications are directed toward known exchange domains (coss.io, trade.coss.io, binance.com). There are no signs of malware such as unauthorized data transmission, reverse shells, or damage actions. External API keys are expected to be supplied, which is standard. The logging, while extensive, does not appear malicious. Overall, the code functions as intended for a trading bot without evident malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, albeit complex, trading bot for market making on the COSS platform. It handles order management, websocket streams, and wallet balances without indications of malicious intent or sabotage. There are no signs of malware or supply chain attacks. Its security risks are typical for such applications, such as exposure of API keys if not managed properly externally. The code's design and behavior are consistent with normal trading automation scripts.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}