{
  "purpose": "The code implements an audio stream filter with functionalities for volume adjustment, speed control, distortion, and stream merging, primarily processing Buffer data streams.",
  "sources": "Buffer inputs received in the _transform method, and internal functions reading data via _readPacket from these buffers.",
  "sinks": "Processed Buffer chunks are pushed downstream via callback in _transform; also, streams can be added or merged, affecting output data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from source buffers through _readPacket, modified by volume, speed, distortion functions, then written back via _writePacket, and finally emitted downstream.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of console.log statements for debugging purposes; no external network activity, credentials, or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard audio processing stream class with buffer manipulations, configurable parameters, and stream merging. No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The console.log statements are benign but could be removed for production. The code's structure and functions are clear, with no signs of obfuscation or malware. The data flow is straightforward, and no external dependencies or network activity are involved. Given the absence of malicious indicators, the malware score is 0. The low security risk score (0.2) reflects minor concerns about debug logs but no significant threats. The code's clarity and purpose support a confidence level of 0.9.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate, well-structured audio stream filter with no malicious or obfuscated elements. It performs expected audio processing functions without any malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities. The current scores of malware=0, obfuscated=0, and securityRisk=0.2 are appropriate. Minor improvements could include removing debug logs for production, but overall, the code is safe and trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}