{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Grunt build configuration for automating tasks such as cleaning directories, linting JavaScript, copying files, compiling Sass, minifying JavaScript, and adding banners. Its primary purpose is to prepare assets for deployment.",
  "sources": "Reads package.json for version, author, and homepage info; reads files from src/js/, src/scss/; reads and writes files in dist/ and cache/ directories.",
  "sinks": "Executes file operations like copying, minifying, and banner insertion; no direct sinks for untrusted data or system commands present.",
  "flows": "Source files (JavaScript, Sass, package.json) are processed through tasks such as copying, minification, and banner addition; data flows from source files to build output in dist/.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, obfuscated code, or hidden code snippets detected. The configuration uses standard plugin functions with no embedded network calls, system commands, or credential handling.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard Grunt configuration for asset build automation. It loads various Grunt plugins for tasks such as cleaning directories, linting code, copying files, compiling Sass, minifying JavaScript, and adding banners. The tasks are configured with standard options, referencing local files and package metadata. No suspicious or malicious code patterns, network calls, or backdoors are present. The code does not include dynamic code execution, external data fetching, or credentials. All operations are file-based and local, indicating no immediate security risks. The configuration is typical for a front-end build process.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical build script for managing and preparing front-end assets. It does not contain any malicious behavior, suspicious anomalies, or security risks based on the provided content. The script's purpose is straightforward and benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}