{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of Angular directives, modules, pipes, and services mainly for UI enhancements, input masking, viewport observation, routing, and data formatting. It appears to facilitate common frontend functionalities with utility features.",
  "sources": "Data sources include Angular core modules, rxjs observables, platform-specific checks, and DOM element references. External data inputs are from Angular inputs and event emitters, with some data transformation and sanitization via built-in Angular services.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulations (adding/removing classes, setting input values), network requests are not present, and no direct system or file access. Event emitters send data to parent components. The code sanitizes HTML output to prevent injection issues but does not execute code injection or system commands.",
  "flows": "Source inputs (e.g., user events, route changes, observable emissions) flow through Angular lifecycle hooks and rxjs pipelines, affecting DOM and component state. Data transformations occur via pipes and directives, with sanitization steps. No evidence of malicious flow paths like code execution or external network communication.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. No backdoors or obfuscated code are present. The only unconventional part is the 'untilDestroy' operator which modifies component lifecycle but is a known pattern in Angular. The code's structure is typical for Angular utility libraries. There are no hidden or misleading code segments, and no dynamic code execution, eval, or system commands are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly consists of Angular directives, pipes, and services used for UI behaviors, form validation, event handling, viewport observation, and data sanitization. It uses standard Angular and rxjs patterns. The 'untilDestroy' operator dynamically attaches to component lifecycle for cleanup but is a recognized pattern. No suspicious data flows, malicious behaviors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The sanitization via Angular's DomSanitizer indicates security consideration for HTML injection. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate utility library without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of frontend utility components for Angular with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It follows standard Angular practices, includes no network communication or system commands, and implements security measures where appropriate. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}