{
  "purpose": "The code provides various Angular directives, components, services, and pipes for UI interaction, input masking, route matching, viewport detection, click outside detection, and utility functions.",
  "sources": "Reads include Angular core modules, DOM elements, router events, input values, clipboard data, and environment variables. Data is fetched via Angular inputs, DOM interactions, and RxJS streams.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur through EventEmitters emitting raw input or HTML content. DOM manipulations and class toggling based on route or viewport state could be exploited for malicious UI behavior. No direct network or system modification is present.",
  "flows": "Sources such as user input, clipboard, route changes, and intersection observer entries flow into validation, masking, or UI updates; sinks include DOM updates, event emissions, and class toggling. No evidence of external data exfiltration or system commands.",
  "anomalies": "Use of symbols like 'destroy$' as unique identifiers is unusual but benign. The code includes extensive utility functions for input masking and Angular directives, which are standard. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden code observed. No obfuscated or minified malicious code. The RxJS 'repeatWhen' and 'delayWhen' usage is typical for dynamic updates. No suspicious network connections, reverse shells, or data exfiltration mechanisms identified.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive set of Angular UI utilities, including directives for conditional rendering, viewport detection, click outside detection, input masking, and route matching. Security considerations such as validation, sanitization, and environment checks are properly implemented. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, data leakage, or sabotage. The code does not perform any network requests outside of Angular's typical behavior or system modifications. It relies on standard libraries and Angular features, with no suspicious dynamic code execution or hidden functionality.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a set of standard Angular UI utility components, directives, and pipes without any malicious intent or sabotage mechanisms. It emphasizes input validation, user interaction, and view management, aligning with typical safe frontend practices. No malware or security risks are evident based on the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}