{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for color space conversions and manipulations, such as CMYK, RGB, HEX, HSL, HSV, and perceived luminance calculations.",
  "sources": "Inputs are received through function parameters, notably color values in various formats (e.g., hex strings, numeric color components). The main sources are the function arguments like 'colorHex', 'red', 'green', 'blue', 'cyan', 'magenta', 'yellow', 'black', 'hue', 'saturation', 'lightness', 'value'.",
  "sinks": "Functions process and return color representations; no external data sinks or network operations are present. No writing to files, network requests, or system commands are detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through calculations within each function to produce color conversions; no source-to-sink malicious data flow is observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no obfuscated code, malicious logic, or hidden backdoors. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The functions perform standard mathematical color conversions without side effects.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of standard color conversion utilities implemented with typical formulas for converting between color spaces. Functions like 'hexToRgb' include input validation and error handling, which are appropriate. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote connections, or system modifications. All operations are confined to computations and data formatting, with no external calls or side effects. The structure is clear and well-documented, and no suspicious code patterns or malicious logic are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of color utility functions performing common and benign color space conversions. There are no indications of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. The functions operate solely on input parameters to produce color data without side effects or external interactions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}