{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for converting between various color formats such as CMYK, RGB, HEX, HSL, HSV, and calculating perceived luminance.",
  "sources": "The functions receive color component values as parameters and parse color strings in hex format. The main input sources are parameters like 'cyan', 'magenta', 'yellow', 'black', 'red', 'green', 'blue', and 'colorHex'.",
  "sinks": "Color conversion functions generate color representations but do not interact with external data sinks. No network or file I/O operations are present.",
  "flows": "Color inputs (e.g., cyan, magenta, yellow, black, red, green, blue, hex strings) flow through functions like cmykToRgb, hexToRgb, rgbToCmyk, rgbToHsl, etc., to produce different color formats. No external data flow or untrusted data handling is evident beyond parameter passing.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward and standard for color conversions. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The only notable potential anomaly is in 'hslToRgb' where an invalid bounds check throws an error; this is standard validation. No obfuscated or misleading code detected. The 'hexToRgb' function sanitizes input hex strings securely.",
  "analysis": "The code implements multiple color space conversion utilities with proper input validation and standard algorithms. No code injection, malicious network activity, or data leaks are present. All functions operate solely on input parameters and produce color representations. The presence of an export statement suggests it's a module, but no malicious or sabotage code is included. The code is well-structured, with no obfuscated or suspicious features. Overall, the code performs legitimate color manipulation functions without security issues.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of color conversion utilities with no malicious behavior or security risks. It appears to be a standard, benign library for color manipulation. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}