{
  "purpose": "This code defines a class for making HTTP requests, handling responses, and errors, likely as part of an API client.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include innerRequest parameters, such as headers, query, body, method, path, and apiToken; baseUrl string used for constructing request URL.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent to fetch (network request), response text is read, and errors are thrown or returned based on response status; potential data leaks if errors include sensitive info.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (headers, query, body, apiToken) flow into fetch request; response status and body flow into error handling or JSON parsing; errors may include sensitive info.",
  "anomalies": "Code contains complex private field access and dynamic URL construction but no obvious anomalies like hardcoded secrets, suspicious domain usage, or backdoors. Use of 'X-Api-Key' header with potentially unverified apiToken could be risky if apiToken is sensitive, but no hardcoded secrets are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class 'Inner' for making HTTP requests. It constructs URLs with query parameters from input, adds headers including an API key, and handles responses based on status codes. The request function sends requests and returns parsed JSON, while stream returns the raw response. Error handling maps status codes to custom error types. No signs of malicious code, backdoors, or unusual network activity are detected. The use of fetch and JSON serialization is standard. There are no hardcoded credentials or suspicious behavior. Overall, the code appears to be a typical API client implementation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of an HTTP request handler class for API communication, with appropriate error handling. No malicious activity, suspicious code, or backdoors are detected. It is a typical, benign network utility component.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}