{
  "purpose": "This code processes browser usage data, distributing and normalizing usage statistics from an external data source, likely for analytics or compatibility purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data from require('./caniuse-agent-data'), data passed to setData(), and the entries parameter in handleDataFeed(). These are sources where external or user-related data is read.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates and stores data in variables and objects, with no direct data leaks or unsafe data handling functions. No system or network sinks are present that could lead to data exfiltration or malicious activity.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external data sources into internal variables, then through distribution and normalization functions, ending with the structured usage data output. No untrusted data is executed or transmitted maliciously.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs data distribution and version matching; it uses some dynamic matching and caching mechanisms. No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are observed. No obfuscated code, malware-like network activity, or system manipulation is present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured data processing module for browser usage analytics. It reads external data, normalizes versions, distributes unknown or unrecognized data points, and removes insignificant entries. All operations are typical for analytics. There are no signs of malicious behavior, hidden network communication, or suspicious code anomalies. The functions perform version parsing, data normalization, and data distribution without executing or transmitting data in an unsafe manner. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign analytics data processor with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It processes data for usage metrics without engaging in harmful actions. It is safe for inclusion in projects that analyze browser usage data.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}