{
  "purpose": "The code processes browser usage data, normalizes, distributes, and categorizes browser versions based on input data, primarily for analytics or feature support calculations.",
  "sources": "Reads data from require('./caniuse-agent-data'), input parameter 'entries' in handleDataFeed, and environment data within helper functions and global variables.",
  "sinks": "Modifies global variables (browsers, versionCache), updates data in agentData, and returns processed usage data; also involves regular expression matching and data distribution logic.",
  "flows": "Data is read from input and external modules, processed through normalization functions, version matching functions, and distribution helpers, culminating in returning usage statistics.",
  "anomalies": "Uses no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network activity. The code contains standard data processing routines, with no obfuscated or unusual language features. Version handling appears standard. No privacy violations or unauthorized data leaks detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs data normalization, distribution, and categorization for browser usage statistics. It utilizes helper functions for version parsing and matching, and distributes data across different browser categories based on heuristic logic. No signs of malicious code, external network calls, or data exfiltration are present. The code structure is clear, with no obfuscation or suspicious constructs. The data handling appears intended for analytics, with no malicious intent. The only minor concern could be the potential for misclassification if input data is manipulated, but no malicious actions are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The script appears to be a standard data processing module for browser usage analytics, with no malicious behavior detected. It performs data normalization and distribution in a logical manner. No signs of malware, sabotage, or malicious code are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}