{
  "purpose": "The code is a CSS transformation and serialization library designed for use with Salesforce's Lightning Web Components (LWC). It processes CSS files to scope styles, handle host and dir selectors, and import stylesheets, facilitating CSS encapsulation and compatibility with native and synthetic shadow DOM modes.",
  "sources": "Input CSS source code provided to the transform function; stylesheet files imported via import messages during CSS processing.",
  "sinks": "Generated JavaScript code that exports processed CSS; dynamic import statements for stylesheets; manipulation of CSS selectors and attributes; no direct data leaks or untrusted data handling identified.",
  "flows": "CSS source is processed by postcss with specific plugins; import messages are created from @import statements; serialized CSS with scoped or host-specific attributes is generated and exported as JavaScript code; no flow leads untrusted data outside the controlled transformation process.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code strictly performs CSS parsing, validation, transformation, and serialization. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution observed. Licensing comments are standard. The code includes license identifiers and version comments, consistent with open-source projects.",
  "analysis": "The code relies on established libraries like postcss and postcss-selector-parser for CSS parsing and transformation, which are standard and widely used. It validates CSS selectors for deprecated or unsupported usage, scopes selectors with attributes, transforms host and dir pseudo-classes, and handles vendor prefixes for animations. Import handling is via messages that include only string URLs, which are used for import statements in generated code. The overall flow is contained within CSS processing and code generation functions. No indications of malicious behavior such as network connections, data exfiltration, reverse shells, or hidden backdoors are present. The inclusion of licensing comments and structured transformation logic further supports benign intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate CSS transformer tailored for Salesforce's LWC framework. It performs CSS scoping, validation, and serialization without any signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It strictly manages CSS syntax and attribute transformations, with no suspicious network activity or data leaks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}