{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WebGL-based 3D IFC model viewer, handling binary model loading, rendering, user interaction, and scene management.",
  "sources": "Data is read from external sources via XMLHttpRequest, Blob, or File objects during model loading; user input is captured through mouse events; shader sources are embedded as string literals; data buffers and textures are generated on the GPU.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if loaded model data is maliciously crafted to exploit buffer handling; user interaction inputs (mouse events) could influence rendering or clipping but do not directly cause security issues; shader source code is static strings and does not execute arbitrary code; WebGL API calls are standard for rendering.",
  "flows": "Binary model data flows from external sources into buffers and textures on the GPU; user mouse events influence camera and clipping plane settings; shader sources are compiled and linked into WebGL programs; rendering commands draw the scene based on model data and user interactions.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive embedded shader source strings and a large amount of static utility functions; no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or network communications beyond model loading are present. No dynamic code execution, eval, or similar functions are used. Shader code is static and non-malicious. No hidden backdoors or suspicious network activity is evident. The code appears to be standard 3D visualization logic with no malicious anomalies.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive WebGL-based 3D viewer for IFC models. It reads model data via standard web APIs, processes binary data into buffers, and renders using shaders. The input sources (Blob, File, URL) are typical for such applications. The shaders are embedded static strings, which is normal for WebGL programs, and do not contain obfuscated or malicious code. No network activity is present beyond model loading, and user input handling is confined to interaction controls. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or sabotage is detected. The large volume of utility and helper functions for matrix and vector math are standard and safe. Overall, the code is consistent with legitimate 3D visualization functions without signs of malware or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured WebGL IFC model viewer implementation. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. The code functions as intended for rendering and user interaction without engaging in data leaks, network attacks, or hidden malicious actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}