{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WebGL-based IFC model viewer, capable of loading, parsing, rendering, and interacting with 3D models in wexBIM format. It manages model data, shaders, user input, and visualization features such as styling and clipping.",
  "sources": "Model files loaded via URL, Blob, or File; embedded shader source strings; user input events (mouse, scroll, double-click); binary data parsing routines.",
  "sinks": "GPU buffers and textures for rendering; shader programs; event callbacks for user interactions; no external data leaks or network flows beyond model loading.",
  "flows": "Model data flows from external sources into binary parsers, then into GPU buffers/textures; user interactions influence camera, clipping planes, and model states; rendering outputs to WebGL canvas.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns; embedded shader code is standard GLSL; no obfuscation or dynamic code execution; no covert network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive, standard WebGL IFC viewer with extensive features for model loading, rendering, interaction, and styling. It uses typical binary parsing routines, shader sources, and GPU resource management. No signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities are present. Shader code is static GLSL, and data flows are confined to model files and user input. The embedded shaders and routines follow best practices for visualization. No external network activity or covert channels are detected. The high confidence scores and consistent assessments across reports support the conclusion that this is a legitimate, safe visualization tool.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured WebGL IFC viewer with no malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks detected. It handles data securely within the context of a visualization library, with no evidence of malware, obfuscation, or vulnerabilities. The embedded shaders and data handling follow standard practices, and the data flows are from trusted sources. The high confidence levels and consistent evaluations confirm its safety.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}