{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for masking sensitive data, generating session IDs, and sampling sessions in a web analytics context.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from DOM elements (e.g., classList, matches, input types), configuration objects, session IDs, device IDs, and the global window location.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include data masking functions that modify text outputs, session ID generation, and URL retrieval. No data is sent over the network or written to files within this code.",
  "flows": "Input from DOM elements and configuration influences whether data is masked. Session IDs and device IDs are used to generate session identifiers, and URL is retrieved from global scope. Masking functions can obscure input or text based on configurations and element properties.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. No obfuscation or code that executes dynamic code or system commands. Masking logic appears standard and controlled by configuration. No network activity or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for masking input and text data based on mask levels and selectors, with configurable masking behavior. It includes a hash function for generating hash codes from strings, used to determine session sampling. Session IDs are constructed from device and session identifiers, and the current URL is retrieved via the global scope. All functions appear to serve legitimate purposes related to user privacy and session management. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data theft, system access, or network exfiltration. The code relies on external libraries for type and snapshot handling but does not invoke any suspicious or malicious APIs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is focused on data masking, session sampling, and ID generation within a web analytics context. It does not contain malicious code or malware indicators. The logic is straightforward, configurable, and does not perform any harmful actions. Overall, it appears to be safe with low risk, serving privacy-preserving purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}