{
  "purpose": "The code automates the production build process for a web application, involving cleaning previous build artifacts and compiling assets using webpack.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), configuration files (config, webpackConfig), and dependencies (ora, rimraf, path, chalk, webpack).",
  "sinks": "Terminal output (console.log, process.stdout.write), process termination (process.exit), and potentially modifying environment variables.",
  "flows": "Input data from environment variables and configuration files flow through the build process, affecting webpack compilation and terminal logs. No untrusted external data input is processed or outputted to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behaviors, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious dynamic code execution are present. The code uses standard build tools and practices without obfuscation or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The script begins by enforcing strict mode and requiring a version check. It sets NODE_ENV to 'production' for build optimization. Dependencies include 'ora' for spinners, 'rimraf' for cleaning directories, and 'webpack' for bundling. It starts a spinner to indicate progress. It then deletes the build assets directory, which is a common step to ensure a clean build environment. After cleanup, it runs webpack with the provided production configuration, displaying build stats. It handles errors during cleanup and compilation, terminating the process if necessary, and provides user feedback via terminal logs. The script's flow is straightforward, involving file deletion and webpack invocation, with no data inputs from untrusted sources or external commands. There is no code injection, data leakage, or suspicious behavior observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs a standard build process with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It adheres to common practices for preparing production builds in JavaScript projects. No malware, obfuscated code, or security vulnerabilities are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}