{
  "purpose": "This script is used to build a production version of a web application, cleaning previous build assets and then running webpack to compile assets.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), local files (check-versions, webpack configs, and paths), and input/output data from the webpack build process.",
  "sinks": "Output to console (errors, build completion messages), and the file system (deletion of build directory). The build process itself generates files but does not include malicious code execution.",
  "flows": "Environment variable setting and local file reads initiate the process. The directory deletion (rimraf) and webpack build process produce output files. Console messages relay build status.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or dynamic code execution. The process environment is set explicitly, and the build process uses standard modules. No suspicious network activity or hidden backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code starts by setting strict mode and requiring dependencies, including a version check. It sets the environment variable to production, which is typical for build scripts. The use of 'ora' provides a command-line spinner, and 'rimraf' cleans up build directories, which is standard. The webpack configuration is run to produce optimized assets. Error handling is straightforward, with errors leading to process termination. The script outputs build status messages, and the code flow is linear with no input validation or untrusted data processing. No code injection, network activity, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code aligns with common build scripts and does not contain malicious intent or obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build script for a JavaScript web application, with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It performs expected file operations and build steps without any suspicious or dangerous activity.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}