{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for precise number calculations in JavaScript, such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, rounding, and handling of floating-point precision issues.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from function parameters (e.g., numbers passed to methods such as add, sub, mul, div, surp, and round).",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive operations occur in arithmetic calculations, especially within methods that perform multiplication, division, and modulus, where untrusted input could influence calculations. No network or file I/O or sensitive data handling is evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through various arithmetic functions, with conversions and calculations performed internally. No external data or environment variables are accessed or transmitted.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hard-coded credentials, or backdoors are detected. The code employs standard mathematical operations and internal utility functions. The only notable aspect is the boundary check warning, which is benign and intended for debugging boundary issues. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive utility class for handling floating-point precision issues in JavaScript. It includes methods for precise addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, modulus, rounding, and conversion of floating-point numbers to fixed integers. The methods handle scientific notation and include boundary checks with warnings for numbers exceeding safe integer limits. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The functions are designed for numerical accuracy and do not process or leak sensitive information. The code structure is clear, well-documented, and free from obfuscation or malicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility library for precise number calculations in JavaScript. It contains no malicious behavior or security risks. It is safe to use from a supply chain security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}