{
  "purpose": "The code defines a class Hclsvg for creating and manipulating SVG elements, including shapes, images, and text, with interactive features like dragging, clicking, and transforming elements.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from element attributes (e.g., getAttribute), event targets (e.g., e.target), and parameters passed to methods (e.g., params).",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM elements and attributes, creates new SVG elements, serializes SVG to string, and converts images to PNG data URLs for export. Uses URL.createObjectURL for image blob handling.",
  "flows": "Event handlers (mousemove, mousedown, mouseup, click) read event targets and element attributes; methods like image() read src and generate data URLs; exportPng() serializes SVG, creates blob, and loads images; setCommon() and shape methods set attributes based on parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration code present. The image() method's use of createObjectURL and image serialization is standard for image processing, not malicious. The code comments and structure are consistent with a utility class for SVG handling.",
  "analysis": "The code provides SVG shape creation and manipulation functions with event handling for drag-and-drop and clicks. It serializes SVG to string for export and converts images to PNG via offscreen canvas. No obfuscated code, suspicious network requests, or hidden behaviors detected. The image() method's usage of Blob and createObjectURL is common in image processing. Event handlers do not leak data or connect externally. All attribute and DOM manipulations appear benign and consistent with expected SVG operations.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a utility class for SVG creation and interaction, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs standard DOM and SVG manipulations, image conversions, and event handling suitable for graphical applications. No malicious behavior or supply chain security threats are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}