{
  "purpose": "The code is a client-side JavaScript library for syntax highlighting and pretty printing of code snippets embedded in HTML, supporting multiple programming languages.",
  "sources": "Reads HTML content from <pre>, <code>, and <xmp> tags; accesses class attributes for language detection; extracts inner HTML and text nodes; and processes user-provided code snippets for syntax highlighting.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM elements to insert styled spans and list items for line numbering; updates text node values; appends <ol> and <li> elements for line numbers; and replaces content within source code containers.",
  "flows": "Source code is extracted from DOM nodes, processed through language-specific lexers, decorated with styling classes, and then reinserted into the DOM structure with styling spans and line number elements.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity detected. The code is heavily focused on syntax highlighting. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns. It uses standard DOM manipulation and regex-based lexers. No dynamic code execution or network requests are present.",
  "analysis": "The script is a syntax highlighting library that processes code snippets embedded in HTML by extracting source text, applying language-specific lexers, and styling code via DOM modifications. It supports multiple languages via registered handlers, employs regex-based tokenization, and modifies DOM elements to add styling and line numbers. The code includes detailed comment blocks and modular functions for extracting source code, decorating syntax, and reintegrating styled output. Throughout, there is no indication of data leakage, network activity, or malicious behavior. The script is designed for client-side presentation, and all operations are confined to DOM manipulation and regex processing. It does not read or write environment variables, access system files, or perform any unsafe operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-known open-source syntax highlighting library with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs typical syntax highlighting functions without network activity, credential handling, or code injection. Its purpose is to enhance code readability in web pages. The overall security risk is negligible, and no malware behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}