{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JavaScript library for syntax highlighting and code prettifying in web browsers. It processes HTML elements containing source code, applies language-specific lexers, and decorates code with styled spans for syntax highlighting.",
  "sources": "Reads input HTML content from <pre>, <code>, and <xmp> tags, and processes their innerHTML or text nodes. It accesses DOM elements, class names, and source code strings.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM nodes by replacing or wrapping text and element nodes with styled span elements for syntax highlighting. It does not directly handle untrusted data beyond source HTML but processes and rewrites DOM content.",
  "flows": "Extracts source code from DOM, applies language lexers and decorators, and reinserts decorated code into the DOM by replacing text nodes with styled spans. Uses setTimeout loops for asynchronous processing.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. The code primarily performs syntax highlighting. It uses dynamic DOM manipulation and regex-based lexers. No network connections, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors identified.",
  "analysis": "The script is a syntax highlighting library that processes code snippets in HTML elements. It includes functions for extracting source code from DOM nodes, lexing code with regex patterns, and decorating tokens with CSS classes for styling. It registers language handlers for various programming languages and manages asynchronous processing to avoid UI blocking. No evidence of malicious code, network activity, or sabotage features is present. The code is well-structured, with standard DOM manipulations and regex-based lexers. It does not obfuscate code intentionally, nor does it contain hidden code segments or network calls.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a syntax highlighting library intended for client-side code prettification. It operates solely within the browser environment, performing DOM manipulation, regex lexing, and styling. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this code. It is safe for use and appears to be a legitimate open-source project for code prettifying.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}