{
  "purpose": "The code implements a customizable watermark overlay system for web pages, allowing users to add, monitor, and remove watermarks dynamically. It is designed for use as a module compatible with AMD, CommonJS, or global browser environments.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration settings from function arguments, DOM element IDs and properties, and global variables. It also reads document and window properties such as scroll dimensions and offsets.",
  "sinks": "Creates and appends DOM elements (divs for watermarks), attaches shadow DOM, and monitors DOM mutations to maintain watermarks.",
  "flows": "Configuration data flows from input arguments into internal settings; DOM manipulation flows from settings to creation, appending, and monitoring of watermark elements. MutationObserver monitors DOM changes to re-add watermarks if removed.",
  "anomalies": "Uses random insertion point for watermark container; shadow DOM creation with no security context check; watermark monitoring set to prevent deletion but no security measures (e.g., no validation of environment). The code itself is standard for watermark overlays with no suspicious network activity or file operations. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code found. Usage of MutationObserver to persist watermarks is typical for anti-tampering.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a module that overlays watermarks on a webpage, with configurable properties. It supports multiple environments and dynamically creates watermark elements with rotation and styling. It uses MutationObserver to monitor and restore watermarks if removed, which is common in watermark implementations. There are no indications of data exfiltration, malicious network requests, or destructive actions. The shadow DOM usage is within expected scope. The code's overall structure is typical and does not contain obfuscation, malicious network activity, or backdoors. The only notable behavior is persistence of watermark elements, which aligns with watermark protection but can be used maliciously to prevent removal.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard watermark overlay module with persistence features. No malicious behavior or malware signatures detected. It performs expected DOM manipulations and monitoring for watermark integrity without suspicious or harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}