{
  "purpose": "This code provides a utility function for rotating graph coordinates in a graphology graph, either returning new positions or updating node attributes in place.",
  "sources": "The code reads graph data via the 'graph' object and node attributes through graph.forEachNode. It also reads options provided by the user, such as 'degrees' and 'dimensions'.",
  "sinks": "The code updates node attributes directly via 'graph.updateEachNodeAttributes' or returns a positions object. No external network or sensitive system functions are invoked.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the graph's node attributes into the rotation calculation, then back into either a returned positions object or in-place attribute updates.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward and adheres to standard mathematical rotation logic. There are no unusual or suspicious code constructs, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated segments. No hardcoded credentials or hidden backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with importing utility functions for default options resolution and graph validation. It defines constants and default options for rotation parameters. The main function 'genericRotation' verifies the graph validity, applies default options, and converts angles if in degrees. It calculates graph bounds unless centered on zero, then performs coordinate rotation based on trigonometric functions. It supports both returning new positions and updating node attributes directly, based on the 'assign' parameter. The function handles empty graphs gracefully. The module exports a rotated version with 'assign' set to false, and provides an 'assign' method for in-place updates. No suspicious or malicious logic is present; the code performs a mathematical transformation of node coordinates with no external communication or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a graph coordinate rotation utility. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious network or file operations, and no obfuscated or malicious code segments. It performs mathematical calculations securely and transparently. Therefore, it poses no security threats or malware risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}