{
  "purpose": "The code extends and overrides certain modes of the Mapbox Draw library to customize feature dragging and display behaviors, particularly for circle features.",
  "sources": "Libraries such as '@mapbox/mapbox-gl-draw', '@turf/distance', '@turf/helpers', '@turf/circle', and a local utility '../utils/create_supplementary_points_circle'. These sources provide functionalities for map feature manipulation, geospatial calculations, and supplementary point creation.",
  "sinks": "Methods like moveFeatures, feature.getCoordinate, feature.updateCoordinate, and push are used to manipulate feature data and send features for rendering or further processing.",
  "flows": "Input from user interactions (dragging features and vertices) is processed through moveFeatures and coordinate updates, with calculations for circle radius and position, then features are passed to push for display updates.",
  "anomalies": "There are no obvious anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments. The code relies on well-known libraries and utility functions. No network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification is present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports multiple libraries for map feature manipulation, geospatial calculations, and custom utility functions. It overrides dragFeature and dragVertex methods to enable custom dragging behavior for features, especially circles, calculating radius and updating centers accordingly. The toDisplayFeatures method controls feature display state, activating or deactivating features and generating supplementary points for visualization. All operations are focused on feature manipulation and display logic, with no suspicious data flows or external communication. No obfuscation or malicious behavior is detected. The code appears standard for map feature editing enhancements.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward extension of Mapbox Draw modes, implementing custom drag and display logic for map features, especially circles. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident. It is a typical customization script with no signs of supply chain threats or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}