{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for approximate fractional calculations, decimal adjustments, and various odds conversions and formatting for betting or financial applications.",
  "sources": "Inputs are obtained from function parameters such as 'd', 'precision', 'n', 'd', 'format', 'value', 'ip', 'moneyline', 'hongKong', 'malay', 'indonesian', and object properties. Data is read from user inputs, function arguments, and parsed strings.",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations and returns formatted odds or fractional representations. It does not write data to external systems, network, or system files. No dangerous data leaks or untrusted data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow through mathematical functions and parsing routines to produce formatted output or approximate fractions. No external data or untrusted sources are connected or transmitted.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains standard implementation of mathematical and formatting functions without any obfuscated or malicious patterns. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are present. No dynamic code execution, network connections, or system modifications detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily deals with mathematical conversions, formatting, and adjustments. The functions handle parsing of strings, mathematical operations, and object property extensions safely. The implementation of 'Object.assign' is a polyfill for compatibility and is benign. No code indicates data exfiltration, remote control, or malicious actions. The code's purpose appears to be accurate conversion and formatting of odds and fractions for applications involving betting or probability calculations. No anomalous or suspicious behavior, such as network requests, backdoors, or obfuscated logic, is observed.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard utility library focused on odds, probability, and fraction calculations. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. The code is well-structured, with no suspicious patterns, backdoors, or external data exfiltration mechanisms.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}