{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define utility functions for random data generation, mock data creation, and dynamic source file handling, likely used for testing or simulation within a larger project.",
  "sources": "Inputs are the source files added via addFile method; the code reads properties and comments within source files, and possibly external mock data expressions.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous if malicious mock expressions or untrusted source files are provided, leading to arbitrary data generation or code execution within the mock method.",
  "flows": "Input source files → getInterface/getClass → read properties and mock expressions → generate mock data based on expressions → return data object.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic mock expressions, reliance on external 'ts-morph' library, and the potential for malformed or malicious mock expressions in comments (@mock). No hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. The code is somewhat complex and involves dynamic code analysis.",
  "analysis": "The code uses 'ts-morph' to analyze TypeScript source files, extracting interface or class properties. It employs mock expression parsing and random data generation functions, likely for testing purposes. There are no indicators of malicious payloads or backdoors. However, the reliance on external mock expressions embedded in comments could be exploited if malicious expressions are injected, although this is more a functionality risk than malware. No suspicious network activity, file manipulations, or system calls are present. The code structure is typical for testing utilities. No obfuscated or minified code, and no signs of malicious behavior are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a testing utility that analyzes source files to generate mock data based on embedded expressions. There are no malicious behaviors or malware indications. Risks may arise if external mock expressions are maliciously crafted, but this is a functionality concern rather than malware. Overall, the code appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}