{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a module for generating mock data, including random selections, number, string, boolean, and time values, likely used for testing or development purposes.",
  "sources": "Code reads input from function parameters, source file paths, and potential interface definitions within source files. It also reads the 'ts-morph' module and 'path' module.",
  "sinks": "Uses interface and class properties from source files, but no explicit sinks for untrusted data are evident. No network, file system, or environment variable interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from interface or class property definitions to mock data generation functions. No untrusted external data sources are evident, and there are no data flows toward network or system sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily focused on mock data generation with functions for random selection and expression parsing. The variable names and structure are typical for code involved in testing. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious behavior are detected. No obfuscation or minified code typical of malware is present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility functions for generating mock data, including random characters, numbers, and strings. It interacts with source files and class/interface properties to generate mock values based on specified expressions. No malicious or sabotage code such as network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors is evident. The code relies on established modules like 'ts-morph' and 'path' for source file manipulation. It appears to be standard testing or mock data setup code with no indications of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a utility for mock data generation, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not perform any network communication, data leakage, or system sabotage. It is typical for development purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}