{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Builder class for managing multi-platform application build processes, including packaging, resource updates, and archive creation. It orchestrates fetching dependencies, copying files, and generating installers or archives.",
  "sources": "Input sources include package.json, configuration options, and external dependencies such as 'fs-extra', 'globby', and 'Downloader'. Data is read from JSON files, file paths, and remote URLs via dependencies.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve writing files (e.g., build artifacts, scripts, plist files), renaming executables, copying resources, and executing external commands (e.g., rcedit, nsisBuild).",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (package.json, configuration, dependency downloads) through processing functions, culminating in writing output files, modifying resources, and executing external build tools.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns or hardcoded secrets are evident. The code extensively uses external modules for filesystem, process, and network interactions as part of legitimate build procedures. No suspicious network activity or stealthy code insertion is visible.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive build orchestration script, utilizing common Node.js modules for file operations, process spawning, and resource editing. It manages platform-specific resources, updates application manifests, and builds installers or archives. All operations appear related to legitimate build automation, with no evidence of data leakage, credential theft, or malicious system manipulation. The use of external libraries is typical for such tasks, and no obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present. The structure and function are consistent with a normal build system, without hidden behaviors or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build automation tool for cross-platform applications. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage signals. All operations align with typical build processes, and no indicators suggest malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}