{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Quest adaptive psychometric threshold estimation algorithm, used for modeling and updating the probability distribution of a threshold based on experimental responses.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters such as tGuess, tGuessSd, pThreshold, beta, delta, gamma, range, intensity, and response arrays; also from external modules like './utils', 'lodash', 'mathjs', and 'everpolate'.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data could flow into mathematical evaluations and normalization functions. Untrusted data (e.g., intensity and response inputs) influence PDF updates and threshold calculations, which may affect internal state.",
  "flows": "Input data (intensity, response) flows into update and recompute methods, modifying the internal probability distribution (pdf). The pdf influences threshold estimates via functions like mode, mean, and quantile. External modules are used for normalization, interpolation, and array operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors such as network connections, data exfiltration, or system modification are present. The code uses standard math and array manipulations, with appropriate input validation. No obfuscated or misleading language features are detected. Usage of 'console.log' is for debugging purposes and does not imply malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class for adaptive psychometric estimation, with methods for updating the probability distribution based on responses, recomputing the distribution, simulating responses, and deriving statistics like mean and mode. It uses external libraries for numerical operations and interpolation. Validation checks are in place for finite and real inputs. The functions perform typical statistical updates and interpolations without any network activity, file access, or data exfiltration mechanisms. No anomalies like hardcoded secrets or unusual behaviors are found. The presence of debug logging is benign and common in development.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of an adaptive psychometric threshold estimation algorithm. It performs input validation, statistical computations, and state updates without malicious behavior or security risks. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or data leaks. Overall, the code appears safe and aligned with its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}