{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and data schemas for managing NFT collection and token data, including encoding, decoding, and validation. It handles collection schemas, token properties, and royalties, primarily for a blockchain-based NFT system.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as collection properties, token properties, schema JSON strings, and environment variables. It processes these inputs within functions like decodeOldSchemaCollection, decodeTokenFromProperties, and encodeCollection.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include JSON parsing (JSON.parse), network fetch calls (fetch), and use of environment variables or secrets (not explicitly shown here). JSON parsing could lead to injection if untrusted data is processed without validation, but the code mostly parses internal data or structured input. No direct system command or shell execution is present.",
  "flows": "Sources like JSON strings and input properties flow into parsing functions (e.g., JSON.parse). Data from these flows is decoded and transformed into internal objects. These objects are then used to produce encoded properties or final NFT schemas, which could be transmitted over a network or stored.",
  "anomalies": "The code employs extensive JSON parsing with minimal error handling in certain functions, but it does so on internal or well-structured inputs. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. The code uses standard cryptographic and encoding utilities. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious network communication, or backdoors. However, the presence of fetch to retrieve token data in decodeTokenUniqueV2 could be a potential data exfiltration point if misused, but as coded, it appears to be part of decoding logic, not malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily focused on handling NFT collection and token data schemas, encoding/decoding data, and validating inputs via Zod schemas. It includes functions to parse JSON, decode hex strings, and process collection/token properties. No functions show suspicious network activity, code injection, or data exfiltration. The fetch call in decodeTokenUniqueV2 is used to retrieve token data if not embedded, which is a standard pattern and does not indicate malicious intent. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets or credentials. Its structure and dependencies are consistent with legitimate NFT utility operations. The only slight concern is reliance on fetch for external data, which could be misused, but in context, it is a normal decoding step.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured utility library for handling NFT schemas and token data. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage indicators are present. The functions operate on structured inputs and produce encoded/decoded outputs without suspicious side effects. The use of fetch is contextually appropriate and does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code poses low security risk, with no signs of malware or malicious sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}