{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of functions for precise floating-point arithmetic operations such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, rounding, and related utilities to handle common floating-point issues in JavaScript.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external input or data sources. It imports standard JavaScript functions and defines internal utility functions.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write data to external systems, networks, or files. It performs calculations internally and outputs results through functions. No untrusted data flows or external data sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "The code processes numerical inputs through internal functions to produce precise calculation outputs. No source-to-sink data flows involving external systems or untrusted data are detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard library for floating-point arithmetic with no suspicious code patterns, obfuscated code, or backdoors. No hardcoded credentials, external network calls, or unusual behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The script is a utility library that implements precise arithmetic functions to mitigate floating-point precision errors. It uses internal functions like strip, digitLength, float2Fixed, and boundary checks. The code contains a copyright notice and licensing terms from Microsoft, indicating it may be derived from or similar to existing open-source utility libraries. No malicious or suspicious code, such as network communication, data exfiltration, backdoors, or code injection, is present. The code is well-structured, with no signs of obfuscation or malware. It does not interact with external data sources or sinks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-defined utility library for precise floating-point arithmetic in JavaScript. It shows no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is safe for use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}