{
  "purpose": "A React calculator component that evaluates mathematical expressions input by the user, with support for button clicks and keyboard input.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from user interactions via input field and calculator buttons.",
  "sinks": "Evaluation of the expression using mathjs's evaluate function; setting of input value and component state.",
  "flows": "User inputs (via button or keyboard) update the expression state; on calculation, expression is evaluated and result updates the display.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, no suspicious network requests, no unusual code patterns. Use of evaluate from mathjs could potentially evaluate untrusted input, but it is confined to the expression string from user input. No dynamic code execution, no obfuscated code, and no suspicious backdoors or data leaks are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a calculator interface with input handling, button processing, and expression evaluation. It uses mathjs's evaluate to compute expressions, which is standard for calculator apps. Input validation is handled by comparing entered symbols against predefined buttons, reducing risk of malicious input. No external network connections, no dynamic code generation, and no suspicious logic are present. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected. The only potential risk is if evaluate is misused with malicious input, but here it evaluates only the current expression string, which is constrained by input validation. Overall, the code does not exhibit malicious behavior or supply chain risks.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard React calculator component with proper input handling and expression evaluation. No malicious or suspicious activity is detected, and the security risk is minimal. The use of mathjs's evaluate is controlled and does not introduce obvious vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}