{
  "purpose": "The provided code appears to be a webpack-bundled Vue.js component library, specifically for a TableFilter component, with supporting dependencies and styles. Its main purpose is to render a filter UI with search and selection capabilities, not for malicious activity.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from component props, local storage, and internal data structures. It uses standard Vue.js patterns for data binding, event handling, and remote data fetching through specified functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include remote method calls for options fetching, event emissions, and DOM manipulations via Vue.js bindings. No insecure eval, dynamic code execution, or direct system access appears to occur.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and local storage into component state, triggers remote methods for options, and updates query state. User interactions invoke methods that update internal data and emit events. No suspicious source-to-sink data flows are identified.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are observed. The code is primarily standard Vue.js component code, with dependency imports for polyfills, core-js modules, and webpack runtime code. No unusual or obfuscated code segments are present. The bundle contains typical build artifacts and source maps.",
  "analysis": "The code is a webpack bundle of Vue.js components for table filtering functionality, including search inputs, select options, date pickers, and filter management. It relies on standard dependencies, including core-js polyfills for compatibility, and contains no evidence of code injection, malicious remote access, or sabotage mechanisms. The structure and content are typical for a UI component library intended for web applications. No signals of malware, hidden backdoors, or malicious activity are detected. The code appears to be safe, well-structured, and intended for legitimate UI purposes.",
  "conclusion": "Based on a comprehensive review of the code, there are no indicators of malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain attacks. The bundle is a standard Vue.js component library with typical dependencies and no obfuscated or suspicious code segments. The risk level is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}