{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a Vue.js component library implementing a table filter UI with search capabilities and various input types. It is intended to provide filtering UI for data tables.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from component props (e.g., listQuery, filterSchema), internal data properties, and user interactions. It uses standard DOM and Vue event handlers to process user input.",
  "sinks": "User input data updates internal state and emits change events. No direct data leaks or unsafe system calls are evident. No network communication or system modification code is present.",
  "flows": "Input sources (props, user input) flow into internal state and trigger UI updates. Changes in filters invoke methods that update query objects and emit change events, following typical Vue data flow.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code appears to be a standard implementation of Vue components for filtering UI, with no obfuscated or malicious code. External dependencies are standard polyfills and Vue libraries, no unusual behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Vue.js-based filtering component with multiple subcomponents for search input, select, date pickers, etc. It manages filter state, handles user interactions, and updates query parameters accordingly. All functions behave as expected for a UI component, with no signs of malicious activity. The code is well-structured, and the only external modules are core-js polyfills for standard JavaScript features. No network calls, file modifications, or sensitive data handling are present. The code is consistent with typical open-source UI components.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard Vue.js component library for table filtering. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It is a legitimate UI module designed for filtering data tables. No security risks or suspicious signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}