{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Vue.js component library for table filtering, including subcomponents for search items and filter schemas. It manages query states and UI modes for filtering data in a table.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from props (`listQuery`, `filterSchema`), internal component data (`query`, `filterQuery`), and user interactions (button clicks, input changes). It uses remote methods for fetching options in search items.",
  "sinks": "The code emits 'change' events and updates internal query state; it calls remote functions provided via props; it manipulates DOM elements via Vue templates and style classes; no direct sinks such as network, file, or system access are present.",
  "flows": "User interactions (changing search fields, clicking buttons) update component state (`query`, `filterQuery`), which triggers filtering and possibly remote data fetches. The component emits 'change' events to parent components. No dangerous data flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are evident. The code relies on standard Vue.js and JavaScript features, with no obfuscated code or uncommon language features.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Vue.js component for table filtering, with well-defined props, data, methods, and event handling. It includes standard external polyfills for array methods and symbol support, typical for modern JavaScript. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as system access, network exfiltration, or backdoors. The code performs UI management and remote data fetching through provided methods, which is normal. The code appears to be part of a UI library designed for filtering table data.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign Vue.js component library for filtering tables, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs standard UI operations and data handling for filtering purposes. No security risks or malware indicators are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}