{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for processing and sanitizing Arabic text, including removing diacritics, normalizing characters, and analyzing the presence of Arabic script.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through function parameters such as 'str' (strings provided to functions like howArabic, removeTashkel, sanitize, etc.).",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if input data is maliciously crafted, but no direct output or external data transfer is performed. There are no network operations, file access, or external system interactions.",
  "flows": "Input strings are processed through regex replacements and matching functions, which normalize or analyze the text; no external sinks are invoked.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily focused on text processing of Arabic characters; no suspicious patterns like hardcoded credentials, network communication, or backdoors are present. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is straightforward, providing utilities for Arabic script detection and normalization. It uses regex to identify and remove diacritics and other marks, normalize characters, and analyze the proportion of Arabic characters in a string. The functions are self-contained, with no external dependencies or side effects. There are no signs of malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, network calls, or backdoors. The initial part of the code defines helper functions for property definitions and module exports, common in transpiled or bundled code. The main functions operate solely on input strings. No suspicious patterns, malicious behaviors, or anomalies are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign utility library for handling Arabic text. It contains no malware indicators or security risks. The functions are typical for text normalization and analysis, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}