{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this code is to provide utility functions for processing and sanitizing Arabic text, including removing diacritics, normalizing characters, and analyzing the presence of Arabic script within strings.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through function parameters, primarily string inputs for text processing functions like howArabic, isArabic, removeTashkel, removeArabic, sanitize, etc.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include string modification functions that could alter input data; however, they do not perform any system commands, network operations, or file handling. No direct data leaks or system effects are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through functions that analyze or modify strings, such as howArabic or removeTashkel, without involving external sources or sinks that could lead to security issues. The flows are limited to in-memory string processing.",
  "anomalies": "The code is obfuscated in the beginning with helper functions for module exports, but this is standard for bundled or transpiled code. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or unusual code constructs are present. The functions are straightforward, with no dynamic code execution, network calls, or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles Unicode characters for Arabic text processing. It defines regex patterns for specific characters and diacritics, with functions to check Arabic script presence, remove diacritics, normalize characters, and analyze the proportion of Arabic characters in a string. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, data exfiltration, or unsafe operations. The obfuscation is minimal and appears to be part of standard module export patterns. No external dependencies or network activity are involved.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility library focused on Arabic text normalization and analysis. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. The functions are safe, with no security risks evident within the provided scope.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}