{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a dynamic module loader and React component implementation for various media players, including YouTube, Vimeo, Facebook, and others, facilitating embedding and control of media content within a React application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the global window object, URL strings, and component props for configuration and media URLs. It also accesses the DOM via refs and event listeners.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted media URLs used in iframes or media elements, and dynamic script loading via getSDK function calls that load external SDKs like YouTube API, Vimeo API, Facebook SDK, etc.",
  "flows": "Untrusted URL input (media URLs) flows into media player components, which load these URLs into iframes or media elements. SDK scripts are loaded dynamically from external sources based on media type or configuration. Event listeners respond to media state changes, but do not perform data leaks or command execution.",
  "anomalies": "Code heavily utilizes dynamic script injection and URL matching to load various SDKs and media players. No evidence of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or covert data transmission. The code manages media playback and SDK integrations normally associated with media embedding libraries. No obfuscated or misleading variable names; code structure is complex but standard for media SDK integration.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically loads multiple third-party SDKs (YouTube, Vimeo, Facebook, etc.) based on media URL patterns, which is typical for media embedding solutions. It manages player state, event subscriptions, and media controls. No signs of data exfiltration, such as sending system data over network or connecting to suspicious domains. The only external network interactions are SDK script loads and media URL fetches. The code does not contain hardcoded credentials or backdoors. No malicious behavior, such as mining, reverse shells, or system damage, is evident. The code’s complexity and external script loads are typical for media SDK integrations, not malicious. The presence of getSDK functions loading SDKs from legitimate sources appears to serve media embedding purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive media player integration library, handling multiple media sources with dynamic SDK loading. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are detected. The external script loads and URL handling are standard for this context. No signs of malware or supply chain attack indicators are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}