{
  "purpose": "This code is a React-based media SDK loader supporting multiple platforms such as YouTube, Vimeo, Facebook, Twitch, and others. It dynamically loads SDK scripts from known providers and manages media playback components.",
  "sources": "External SDK script URLs (e.g., YouTube, Vimeo, Facebook, Twitch), media URLs provided via props, and internal dynamic URL constructions.",
  "sinks": "DOM elements for media players, SDK method calls, and script injections for SDK loading.",
  "flows": "Sources (media URLs, SDK URLs) flow into SDK script loads and media embedding functions; SDK methods are invoked for playback control and media info retrieval.",
  "anomalies": "The code extensively uses dynamic SDK script loading based on media URLs and placeholders, which could be exploited if inputs are manipulated. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code is minified and complex but not maliciously obfuscated.",
  "analysis": "The code is a legitimate, complex React media SDK wrapper that loads SDKs dynamically from known providers. No signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or credential theft are evident. The primary concern is the dynamic SDK loading mechanism, which could be exploited if external inputs (media URLs or SDK URLs) are untrusted. The code's minification and complexity are typical for production bundles but do not indicate malicious obfuscation. External SDK URLs are from reputable sources, and no malicious activity is detected within this module.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, legitimate media SDK loader with minimal security risks. The main vulnerability lies in external URL validation; if inputs are untrusted, malicious scripts could be loaded. The malware score should be low (around 0.2), obfuscation minimal (around 0.2), and overall security risk moderate (around 0.3) due to dynamic external resource loading. Proper validation of external URLs and SDK sources is recommended to mitigate potential supply chain risks.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}