{
  "purpose": "The code implements a utility class 'BrowserNet' for making HTTP GET and POST requests using XMLHttpRequest, supporting both callback and promise-based asynchronous operations.",
  "sources": "Inputs include URL, request parameters, headers, timeout configurations, and callback functions. Data is read from function parameters and configuration objects.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially flow into network requests via URL, headers, or request body. The request responses are parsed as JSON and returned, which could be exploited if not properly validated elsewhere.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into network requests, with responses being parsed and returned to caller. For POST requests, data can be stringified JSON or URL-encoded form data; for GET requests, parameters are appended to URL.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns or hardcoded secrets detected. Use of 'xhr' object is standard for browser HTTP requests. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present. External dependencies are typical (require('./utils'), require('.')).",
  "analysis": "The code provides HTTP request methods with standard features: header management, timeout, JSON handling, and support for gzip encoding. It uses XMLHttpRequest, a common API, and does not contain any suspicious or malicious code. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malware behaviors are identified. Response parsing includes JSON parsing without validation, but this is typical and not inherently malicious. No signs of data exfiltration or malicious network communication beyond expected HTTP requests. The code structure and logic are straightforward, without obfuscation or unusual language features.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of HTTP client utility functions for browser environments, with no signs of malicious intent or supply chain threats. It performs typical network operations without suspicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}