{
  "purpose": "This source code implements a utility class 'BrowserNet' for making HTTP GET and POST requests using XMLHttpRequest, with support for callbacks and promises, including gzip compression for POST data.",
  "sources": "Inputs come from function parameters: URL strings, parameter objects, callback functions, and configuration objects including headers and timeouts.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request execution via XMLHttpRequest; callback invocation; JSON parsing of response bodies.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are assembled into request configurations and passed to _xmlRequest; responses are parsed and passed to callbacks or promise resolutions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors detected. Use of XMLHttpRequest in a server-side context is uncommon but not inherently malicious. The code handles request setup, response parsing, and error handling normally. No suspicious data leaks or privacy violations observed.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of network request utilities, including support for different content types and gzip encoding. It correctly handles asynchronous requests, errors, and response parsing. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns such as dynamic code execution, suspicious URL manipulations, or data exfiltration methods are present. The overall structure and logic are typical for such utilities. The initial part defines a Promise-based polyfill (_awaiter). The rest provides methods for HTTP GET and POST, with proper error handling and optional callback support. There are no signs of hidden malicious behavior or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard HTTP request utility class with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It performs expected network operations with proper error handling and does not contain malicious or suspicious code segments. Overall, it appears safe with a very low malware score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}