{
  "purpose": "This code is a set of automated tests for a JavaScript module that generates CSS class strings for different UI layers based on sample data. Its purpose is to verify the correctness of CSS output for various layer configurations.",
  "sources": "Data imported from '../src/lib', './sample-data', and '@zeplin/extension-model'. No untrusted input reading is evident; data appears to come from controlled test fixtures. No external data sources or user input handling observed.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks handling untrusted data, network, file system, or sensitive operations. The code focuses solely on generating and comparing CSS class strings based on in-memory data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from imported sample data and configuration objects into functions that generate CSS class strings. No source-to-sink data flow that could cause security issues is present.",
  "anomalies": "Code is mainly test code with straightforward function calls and assertions. No suspicious logic, such as dynamic code execution, eval, or obfuscated code. No hardcoded secrets or credentials detected. The code structure and variable names are standard, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The script imports modules and data, then defines multiple test functions that invoke 'ext.layer' to generate CSS classes for different layer scenarios. Tests verify output correctness with expectations. The code is structured as test cases, not including any user input handling, network operations, or file manipulation. The functions and data are controlled, and there are no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. No suspicious patterns, obfuscated code, or malicious API usage observed.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of unit tests for CSS class generation functions. It contains no malicious behavior, security risks, or suspicious anomalies. All operations are contained within predictable test flows, and there are no signs of malware or malicious intent. The code appears safe and standard for a testing environment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}