{
  "purpose": "This code is a test suite for a JavaScript module (ext.layer) that generates CSS code for different design layers, likely in a design-to-code pipeline.",
  "sources": "Input data includes 'sample-data' for layers and project information, and external modules such as '@zeplin/extension-model' and '../src/lib'. The primary data source is the 'layer' objects processed in tests.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the 'css.code' output generated by ext.layer, which is then validated against expected HTML/CSS strings. No direct untrusted data injection points or network operations are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from layer definitions (possibly user input or design data) into ext.layer, which processes these layers and outputs CSS code. The tests compare this output to expected values. No external data flows into or out of the code during execution beyond initial data loading.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behaviors, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious operations are present. The code is straightforward test code using expect statements. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code imports dependencies and defines multiple test functions for various layer types, verifying the output CSS code. It sets up project and context objects with configuration data, including a Tailwind config. The tests check that the ext.layer function produces expected class strings. The final test validates that responsive classes are included for shape layers. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or data leaks. The code strictly performs test assertions based on input data, with no network calls or environment variable leaks.",
  "conclusion": "This is a standard, well-structured test suite verifying CSS generation from design layers. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident. The code does not perform any network operations, data exfiltration, or suspicious logic. Overall, it appears safe.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}