{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebSocket client for connecting to a server, handling handshake, message encoding/decoding, heartbeats, reconnection, and optional cryptographic signing for secure communication.",
  "sources": "Reading configuration parameters, input messages, and data from WebSocket events, local storage, and function arguments.",
  "sinks": "Sending encoded messages over WebSocket, including request and notification messages, and potentially signing messages with RSA.",
  "flows": "Input parameters and configuration data are used to initialize connection; WebSocket events trigger message processing and heartbeat management; messages are encoded, sent, received, decoded, and routed to event handlers or callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "Use of RSA signing for messages, dynamic generation of handshake data including RSA keys, optional protobuf and decodeIO-based encoding, and storage of protobuf definitions in localStorage could be suspicious if misused. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious domain connections are evident. No obfuscated code detected. The code's cryptographic operations and dynamic protobuf handling could be misused for covert data exfiltration, but no explicit malicious actions are present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a typical WebSocket client with features for reconnection, heartbeat, message encoding/decoding, and optional RSA signing. It initializes connection parameters, manages heartbeats to detect disconnection, and supports protobuf-based message serialization. The RSA signing of messages may be used for verifying authenticity but could also potentially be misused if keys are compromised or if the signing is used to authenticate malicious commands. Storage of protobuf definitions in localStorage and their loading on init is standard but could pose risks if an attacker manipulates stored data. The absence of hardcoded secrets, malicious network connections, or suspicious code constructs indicates low likelihood of malicious intent. The code does not perform any stealthy actions, data exfiltration, or damage operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard WebSocket client implementation with cryptographic signing capabilities and protobuf handling. No evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage was found. Its design is consistent with legitimate client-server communication, though cryptographic features should be reviewed in the broader security context.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}