{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component named Control, which renders a button with an SVG icon, supporting ref forwarding and customizable props.",
  "sources": "Inputs include props passed to the Control component such as onClick and variant, and external modules such as react, @snack-uikit/icons, and @snack-uikit/utils.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the onClick handler and any extracted support props from rest, which could influence DOM events or behavior.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props (onClick, variant, rest) to the button element, with support props potentially influencing the DOM or event handling. External modules are used for rendering icons and utility functions.",
  "anomalies": "Code includes standard polyfill functions (__rest, __importDefault) with no suspicious code patterns. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behaviors detected. No dynamic code execution or external network calls. Usage of external libraries appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical React functional component with ref forwarding. It uses helper functions for object rest/spread and module import compatibility. It renders a button with a ChevronLeftSVG icon, passing down props appropriately. No suspicious code or malicious patterns are present. The structure and dependencies are typical for a UI component library.\n\nThere are no signs of malware such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or hidden malicious behavior. The only data flow involves user interaction via onClick and rendering props, with no external network activity or environment variable usage.\n\nOverall, the code is a benign UI component with no malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React UI component with no malicious or suspicious behavior. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. It is safe and appropriate for use in a web application.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}