{
  "purpose": "This code implements a customizable visual ruler component for web applications, allowing users to interact with a scale via touch or mouse events.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from options passed into the constructor, such as scale settings, center line positions, and initial value. It also accesses DOM elements via document.querySelector and interacts with window properties.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation (creating and appending a canvas element), event listeners (touch and mouse events), and rendering operations on the canvas. No data is sent over the network or written to system files.",
  "flows": "User interactions (touch/mouse events) modify the moveDistance property, which influences the rendering of the scale. Optionally, an onChange callback may be invoked with the current value. No external data flow to network or system is observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a visual interactive ruler widget. There are no signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. The use of requestAnimationFrame and event handlers is typical for such UI components. No obfuscated code, suspicious domain connections, or hidden behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "A thorough review of the code shows it mainly creates a canvas-based ruler, handling touch and mouse events to update the scale visually. The code uses standard APIs, no dynamic code execution, and no network connections. All data inputs are configuration options or DOM elements, and outputs are visual updates. No signs of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or sabotage are detected. The code appears safe and benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, well-structured implementation of an interactive visual ruler widget. No malicious intent or harmful behaviors are detected. It functions as a UI component for measuring or displaying a scale, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}