{
  "purpose": "The code dynamically loads a module named 'addon-guard' from a directory derived from the project's configuration path, handling missing modules gracefully.",
  "sources": "The function uses 'project.configPath()' to determine the directory, which is then used to require the 'addon-guard' module.",
  "sinks": "The require() call loads external code based on potentially untrusted input, which could lead to loading malicious modules if 'project.configPath()' is manipulated.",
  "flows": "Input from 'project.configPath()' flows into the path used by require(), which then executes the module code if present.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic require with a path based on external input without validation; no obfuscation or malicious payloads detected.",
  "analysis": "The code retrieves a directory path via 'project.configPath()', then attempts to require 'addon-guard' from that directory. It handles missing modules gracefully by returning an empty object. The main concern is that if 'project.configPath()' is controlled by an attacker, malicious modules could be loaded, leading to potential code execution. No malicious code, obfuscation, or backdoors are present within the code snippet. The use of dynamic require without validation is a known security risk, especially in supply chain contexts. The malware score is correctly set to 0, as no malicious payloads are detected. The obfuscated score is 0, given the straightforward code. The security risk score should reflect the potential for exploitation if 'project.configPath()' is untrusted; a conservative estimate is around 0.3. Proper validation or sanitization of 'project.configPath()' would mitigate this risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard configuration loader with a potential security concern due to dynamic require based on external input. No malicious activity or malware is evident. The primary risk stems from untrusted input leading to loading malicious modules, which can be mitigated by input validation.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}