{
  "purpose": "Provides a JavaScript client library for interacting with the OpenCPU server for executing R code and retrieving results, including file uploads and plotting functionalities.",
  "sources": "Reads document.location.href, input file objects, window.jQuery presence, and various function arguments such as code snippets, files, and URLs.",
  "sinks": "Uses AJAX requests to server URLs, potentially transmitting data (including credentials) over network; accesses response headers like 'Location' and 'X-ocpu-session' for session management; manipulates and constructs URLs for files and graphics.",
  "flows": "Input sources (document URL, input files, function arguments) are used to construct AJAX requests to the server. Responses provide session information and data, which are then used to generate plots or retrieve data. Credentials may be sent via headers if CORS and basic auth are configured.",
  "anomalies": "Code dynamically constructs URLs, modifies AJAX request headers for basic authentication, and handles CORS scenarios. Alert messages are shown if jQuery is missing or if the browser lacks HTML5 file upload support. There is code for setting basic auth headers based on URL credentials, which could be exploited if credentials are hardcoded or exposed. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are evident; however, the use of basic auth in URLs and headers could pose security concerns if misused.",
  "analysis": "The script defines functions for session management, data upload, and function invocation on an OpenCPU server, including multiple methods for calling server functions (JSON, URL-encoded, multipart). It dynamically sets server URLs, manages credentials for CORS scenarios, and provides UI components for plotting. The code employs alert messages for missing dependencies and browser support, and logs connection statuses. There are no signs of code injection, malicious network activity, or hidden backdoors. Use of basic auth headers is a potential risk if credentials are hardcoded or exposed, but in this context, it relies on user-supplied URLs. The code does not perform any suspicious or malicious operations beyond expected client-server interactions. Overall, the implementation appears to be a standard open-source client library with no malicious intent or malware indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a client library for OpenCPU, managing server communication, file uploads, and plotting. It handles credentials and CORS scenarios appropriately, with no evidence of malicious or sabotage behavior. Its use of basic auth and URL manipulations are typical for such libraries, though they require proper handling to avoid security risks. Overall, the script is safe and free from malicious behavior based on the review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}