{
  "purpose": "This code primarily defines a set of web components and utility functions for a wallet connection interface, including QR code generation, wallet selection, modal dialogs, and theme management. It facilitates user interaction for wallet connectivity within a web app.",
  "sources": "Sources include imported modules, DOM interactions (e.g., document.createElement, styleSheet replacement), and event handlers (click, input, keydown). Data reads from localStorage, environment variables, and URL formatting functions. Environment variables such as process.env.NODE_ENV are accessed for debug mode checks.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are DOM updates (setAttribute, innerHTML, style modifications), network requests (like preloading images), and Web Animations API usage. Event handlers trigger UI updates and URL navigation. No direct data leakage or insecure database queries are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs, environment variables, localStorage, and imported modules into UI rendering, event handling, and network requests. No evidence of flow leading to data exfiltration or malicious remote control commands.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The code includes extensive theme and style management, standard web component lifecycle methods, and utility functions. No obfuscated code or malicious side-effects detected. The environment variable check for NODE_ENV is normal. Use of 'unsafeCSS' and 'css' functions is for styling and is not suspicious. No dynamically evaluated code or suspicious network connections observed.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up multiple custom elements for UI components, manages styles via adoptedStyleSheets or style tags, handles user events, performs network requests for preloading images, and interacts with localStorage for recent wallets. It employs standard security precautions, such as avoiding direct eval or dangerous DOM manipulations. No signals indicate malicious activity such as data theft, system sabotage, or external communications beyond normal URL navigation and copying to clipboard. Usage of environment variables and trusted types is consistent with secure practices. Overall, the code appears to be a typical frontend component library for a wallet connection modal with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a comprehensive frontend implementation for a wallet connection interface. It employs standard patterns for web components, styling, and event handling. No malicious intent, backdoors, data leaks, or security risks are identifiable in the analyzed fragment. The risk score is low, and confidence is high based on code content and structure.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}