{
  "purpose": "This code defines an A-Frame component 'compass-sensor' for detecting when a 3D object’s rotation enters or leaves specified angular bounds, likely for interaction purposes in a VR environment.",
  "sources": "Reads data from the entity's object3D.rotation (via THREE.Math.radToDeg), and component data properties for rotational bounds (xRotMin, yRotMin, zRotMin, xRotMax, yRotMax, zRotMax). No external data sources are explicitly read or transmitted.",
  "sinks": "Emits custom events ('compass-sensor-enter' and 'compass-sensor-leave' with optional suffixes). No data leaks, network communication, or system modifications are present. No sinks are found that could lead to data exfiltration or system compromise.",
  "flows": "Rotation values are computed from the entity's object3D.rotation each tick; if within bounds, an event is emitted. No external input influences these calculations aside from the entity’s rotation; no malicious flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to be a straightforward rotation-based detection component; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious logic are present. The commented-out console logs are benign and typical for debugging. No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script registers an A-Frame component that monitors the rotation of a 3D object. It converts rotation radians to degrees, normalizes them, and checks if they are within configured bounds. When bounds are crossed, it emits events to notify other components. The component performs input validation and normalization for rotational data. No external data, network calls, or sensitive system interactions are included. The code structure is clear, with no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard interaction component for VR environments, monitoring rotational bounds and emitting events accordingly. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It functions as intended for user interaction detection.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}