{
  "purpose": "The code provides a JavaScript library for parsing, formatting, and evaluating algebraic expressions with custom operators and superscript notation, including expression resolution features.",
  "sources": "Reads input expressions as strings, superscript characters, and potentially external resolvers for identifier values.",
  "sinks": "Evaluates expressions, potentially exposing evaluation results if misused, but no direct sinks like network or file I/O are present.",
  "flows": "Input string -> parse (including superscript conversion) -> AST -> quirks (transformations) -> evaluate or format.",
  "anomalies": "The code removes common unary and binary operators, introduces custom operators, and processes superscript characters. The quirk function transforms unary minus before literals but does not appear to perform any malicious transformation. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. No dynamic code execution or external network activity is present.",
  "analysis": "The script defines functions to parse and evaluate algebraic expressions, with support for custom operators and superscript notation. It includes functions to process the AST and handle specific quirks like unary minus transformation. The use of 'require' for 'jsep' and './config' suggests dependencies but no suspicious code within. The resolve method allows substitution of identifiers with external values, which could be misused if the resolver function is malicious, but this is part of expected functionality. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections, or backdoors. The code is primarily focused on expression parsing and evaluation, with no obfuscated or malicious constructs observed.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate expression parser and evaluator with customizable operators and superscript support. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. Its design allows flexible expression handling, but the resolver could be exploited if malicious. Overall, the code appears safe but should be used with trusted resolver functions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}