{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript module for parsing, formatting, and evaluating mathematical expressions, including support for superscripts and custom operators.",
  "sources": "Input string to the parse function, which is processed and converted into an Abstract Syntax Tree (AST). The resolver function used in resolve method to resolve identifiers.",
  "sinks": "Evaluation functions that perform arithmetic operations on evaluated nodes; formatting functions generating string representations; exception handling throwing errors on undefined identifiers or unknown expression types.",
  "flows": "Input string -> parse() -> AST -> quirks() for AST transformation -> evaluate() or formatting functions for computation or string output. Resolver function may inject values into AST nodes.",
  "anomalies": "Transformation of superscript characters into '^' notation; removal of unary operators; explicit handling of unary minus by converting to literals; support for custom operators such as '×', '⋅', '^', '**'. No evidence of code injection or hidden code segments. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious network activity detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily processes mathematical expressions, transforming superscripts and removing or adding specific operators to control evaluation behavior. The quirks() function simplifies unary minus expressions and transforms superscript notation, which could be used to obfuscate or normalize expressions. The evaluate() function strictly performs arithmetic operations with defined binary and unary functions, which are standard and safe. The resolve() method allows injecting values into identifiers but only via a supplied resolver; no dangerous code execution or network activity is present. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, network requests, or backdoors. The code operates solely within a mathematical expression domain, with proper error handling for undefined identifiers and unknown expression types.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical expression parser and evaluator with features for handling superscripts and custom operators. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or supply chain threats. The transformations and evaluation mechanisms are standard and safe. No suspicious anomalies or malware signals are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}