{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to parse, manipulate, and evaluate mathematical expressions, supporting various operators and formats including superscripts and different notation styles.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from string parameter 's' in the parse() function, and from 'resolver' function in the resolve() method; data is also read from require('./config') for options.",
  "sinks": "Evaluation results are returned from evaluate() and toString() methods; formatted expressions are generated in format() function; potential data leaks could occur if untrusted input is directly evaluated or formatted without validation.",
  "flows": "Input string 's' flows through parse() into AST, then undergoes quirks transformation, and finally into evaluation or formatting functions; resolve() can incorporate external data via resolver function; potential flow of untrusted data into evaluation or output formatting.",
  "anomalies": "The code removes certain unary and binary operators, replacing some with others; superscript processing transforms unicode superscripts into '^x' notation. The 'quirks' function simplifies unary minus before literals, which might mask maliciously crafted inputs. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are evident. No use of dynamic code execution (eval, new Function) is present. No network activity or file manipulation code is included.",
  "analysis": "The code is focused on parsing and evaluating mathematical expressions, supporting custom operators and formats. It transforms superscripts into power notation, simplifies unary minus on literals, and defines functions for formatting in infix, prefix, and postfix forms. No network, file I/O, or system commands are invoked. The operator removal and addition functions are purely for parsing purposes. The resolve() method allows external variable resolution, which could be misused if resolver function is malicious, but this is external to the code. The code does not include any code execution or external data transmission. No obfuscated or malicious code structures are detected. The operations are mathematical and formatting related, with no indication of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a safe mathematical expression parser and evaluator without malicious behavior. It does not perform any network operations, file access, or dynamic code execution. Its primary function is mathematical expression manipulation, with no evident security risks or malware indicators.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}