{
  "purpose": "The code is a Grunt configuration file that automates tasks related to generating web fonts from SVG icons, including various templates, stylesheets, and output options.",
  "sources": "Input sources are SVG files located in specified directories (e.g., 'test/src/*.svg', '../grunt-webfont/test/src/*.svg', etc.), and configuration options within the Grunt setup.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include file output paths (dest, destCss, destScss, etc.) where generated files are written, and custom output templates which could execute code if malicious templates are supplied.",
  "flows": "Input SVG files are processed according to configuration, generating font files and stylesheets, with optional custom templates; these are then written to specified output paths.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or malicious functions are present. All code primarily loads modules, configures tasks, and specifies file paths. No dynamic code execution, network connections, or credential handling detected.",
  "analysis": "The script requires the 'path' module and loads various Grunt tasks. It defines a comprehensive configuration for a webfont generation process, including multiple customization options such as templates, stylesheets, font formats, and output directories. The configuration appears standard and related to font generation automation. No code injects data, reads from untrusted sources beyond file paths, or performs network operations. The only external dependency is 'load-grunt-tasks', which is a common utility for loading Grunt plugins. No obfuscated code, no suspicious functions, and no hidden backdoors are evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical Grunt configuration for web font generation with no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It strictly manages build tasks and file outputs. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}