{
  "purpose": "This code is a generated Angular component for a calendar UI, primarily handling template rendering, styles, and event bindings. It serves to display and interact with calendar data without performing any malicious actions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component properties such as 'dayHeader', 'booking', 'roomDayData', and event handlers like 'eventSelected', 'rangeChanged'. It also accesses styles and templates defined within the component.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that lead to data leaks, network calls, or system modifications. The code binds data to templates and styles, with no external data exfiltration or dynamic code execution.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component properties (sources) through template bindings and event handlers to UI updates. No external or untrusted data sources are involved, and no external sinks are present.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious dynamic code are detected. The code is straightforward Angular generated code, following standard patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Angular component generated by the Angular compiler, consisting of template functions, style encapsulation, dependency injection, and event bindings. It handles UI rendering for a calendar, with methods to determine styles and respond to user interactions. No signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or external network activity are present. The code relies on Angular's safe rendering mechanisms and does not include any suspicious logic or data flows.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, generated Angular calendar component with no malicious intent or security risks. It performs typical UI rendering and event handling without any suspicious or malicious patterns. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.1-0.2) are accurate and justified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}