{
  "purpose": "The code implements a JavaScript class inheritance library, enabling object-oriented programming patterns such as class creation, inheritance, and method extension within jQuery environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads class properties, method definitions, error message strings, and JavaScript standard objects such as Error and Object.prototype.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks are present; however, potential risks involve dynamic method invocation and error handling which, if combined with external input (not evident here), could be misused. No network, file, or environment variable access is present.",
  "flows": "The code defines class inheritance flows via prototype chain manipulation, method addition, and dynamic method rewriting. No untrusted data flow is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic function creation and prototype manipulation, but these are standard patterns for class inheritance libraries. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. The testFn and parent function logic are standard, not malicious. No obfuscated code, no attempts to hide or disguise malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The script provides a class inheritance framework with functions for extending classes, creating classes, and adding methods. It includes custom error definitions, prototype handling, and dynamic method wrapping for super calls. All logic aligns with standard OOP patterns in JavaScript and appears safe. There are no network operations, no code injection points, no handling of untrusted input, and no suspicious code segments. The code’s complexity stems from the inheritance mechanics, not malicious behavior. No signs of malware, backdoors, or data exfiltration are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a standard JavaScript class inheritance library with no malicious intent or behavior. It follows conventional patterns for object-oriented JavaScript programming, and no suspicious activities or malware signals are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}