{
  "purpose": "The code implements a type-safe map class that enforces runtime type checks on its keys and values to ensure they are instances of a specific class.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'key' and 'value' parameters in the 'set' method, and from the map storage within 'get' and 'has' methods.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if the map's contents are exposed or misused outside this module. However, the code itself does not explicitly leak data or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'key' and 'value' parameters in 'set' (source) to internal storage (sink). 'get' retrieves data from the internal storage and performs runtime type casting. 'has' reads from internal storage.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious code, or unusual dynamic behavior are present. The code uses standard runtime type checks. The source map filename indicates source map usage, but this is typical for debugging and not malicious. The presence of __classPrivateFieldGet indicates modern JS class features. No obfuscation or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a private WeakMap for internal storage and a class 'TypeSafeMap' that enforces runtime type safety by checking if objects are instances of a specified class. The 'cast' function throws an error if type checks fail, preventing incorrect data types from being stored. The code uses standard class patterns, private fields, and module exports. No external network calls, file manipulations, or sensitive data access are evident. The only data flow involves the enforcement of type safety on key-value pairs stored in the internal Map.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a type-enforcing map class with no malicious intent or security risks. It enforces runtime type safety effectively and does not exhibit any suspicious or malicious behaviors. It is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}