{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a library for adding watermarks (text or image) to elements or images within a webpage, including functionality for encrypted text watermarks and mutation observation to dynamically maintain watermarks.",
  "sources": "The code reads image sources (e.g., from a provided URL or data URL), DOM elements (for target elements), and input parameters such as text, fontSize, color, and position.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting styles on DOM elements (background-image, style attributes), setting image src attributes, and potentially exposing watermark data or parameters via callbacks.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (image URL, text, configuration options) flow into functions that generate watermarks, which are then applied to DOM elements or canvases. There are no evident data leaks or external network transmissions.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes extensive promise-based asynchronous image loading, canvas manipulation, and mutation observers for DOM changes. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No suspicious domain connections or data exfiltration observed. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors detected. The code seems well-structured for watermark functionality.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for image processing, canvas drawing, and mutation observation. It allows adding watermarks to images or DOM elements with configuration options. The flow involves loading images, drawing on canvases, encrypting text (if secret option enabled), and updating DOM styles and attributes accordingly. No external network activity beyond image loading occurs. The code focuses on visual watermarking without any suspicious external communications, data leaks, or malicious modifications.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a watermarking library for webpage elements and images. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware-like activities are evident. It securely manages image and text watermarks, with proper use of promises and DOM APIs. No security risks identified within the provided code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}