{
  "purpose": "The code implements a 3D object loader for the OBJ format in THREE.js, parsing and creating 3D geometry and materials from OBJ files.",
  "sources": "FileLoader reads OBJ file data; String operations parse the text; regex and string split methods extract object, vertex, face, and material info.",
  "sinks": "Methods that generate 3D geometry, material instances, and add attributes to buffers; rendering of 3D models.",
  "flows": "FileLoader reads OBJ data → parsing functions process text line-by-line → data stored in ParserState → geometry and material creation → mesh assembly in parse → output as THREE.Group with meshes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity present. Use of require('three') and standard THREE.js classes is normal. No dynamic code execution or eval found. Warnings about unsupported 'usemap' are benign. No unusual or obfuscated code patterns. No malicious data leaks or network calls observed.",
  "analysis": "The code straightforwardly implements an OBJ file parser, converting text into 3D objects with associated materials. It uses regex and string splitting to interpret file contents, then constructs buffers and geometries accordingly. No code indicates malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or network communication beyond the standard loading process. It does not contain hidden or obfuscated code segments. No suspicious operations or anomalies detected. The only warning relates to unsupported 'usemap' lines, which is standard for this loader. Overall, the code appears secure and benign, serving a well-defined purpose within 3D rendering.",
  "conclusion": "The provided OBJLoader code is a standard implementation of a 3D model parser with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It performs expected operations for loading and parsing OBJ files and constructing 3D objects. No malware or security threats are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}