{
  "purpose": "The script queries the Windows registry to identify the default web browser for the current user by executing a system command and parsing its output.",
  "sources": "User-level registry query command (`reg query`), reading stdout and stderr from exec callback.",
  "sinks": "Parsing stdout for browser path information; potential injection if command parameters are influenced externally, but no direct untrusted input is used here.",
  "flows": "The command string is constructed and executed; output is parsed to determine the browser; no untrusted data flows into sensitive sinks beyond command execution, which is internally controlled.",
  "anomalies": "The code executes a system command to read registry data, which may be risky if command parameters are externally influenced—however, in this context, command parameters are static strings. There are no hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The parsing logic relies on specific output formatting, which could break if the environment output differs but does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code uses 'child_process.exec' to run a system command that queries Windows registry keys related to the default web browser. It then parses the output to determine which browser is set. The parsing process includes replacing certain strings and splitting output based on tabs or spaces, which may be brittle but is not inherently malicious. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The code appears intended for environment detection rather than malicious purposes. It does not perform any data leaks, credential theft, or system modifications. The command execution is safe as it uses static command strings. Overall, the script is benign, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility for detecting the default web browser via registry queries. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, nor does it contain obfuscated or malicious code. The only minor concern is reliance on output parsing which may be brittle but is not suspicious. No malware or security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}