{
  "purpose": "The code queries Windows registry to determine the default web browser by executing a system command and parsing its output.",
  "sources": "exec('reg query ' + registryQuery) - reading system registry via command execution; stdout and stderr for output data.",
  "sinks": "Execution of 'exec' which runs a system command with potential for injection if inputs are manipulated; no other clear sinks for untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Command string built with registryQuery; output of system command parsed and used to set browser flags.",
  "anomalies": "Uses a system command constructed with a variable without sanitization; relies on parsing command line output which can vary; code appears to handle different Windows versions; no hardcoded credentials or secrets; no obfuscated code; no malicious behaviors such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The script performs registry querying via command line to identify the default browser. It constructs a command string dynamically with a registry path, which could be risky if the input was manipulated; however, the input is static in the code. The command output is parsed with string operations, which are standard but fragile. There are no network calls, no data exfiltration, or suspicious code behavior observed. The code's purpose is benign: identifying the default browser. No anomalies such as hidden backdoors, malware, or malicious side-effects are detected. The code relies on system-specific registry queries and parsing, which is typical for such utility functions. The use of 'exec' with static input is generally safe, provided the code environment is controlled.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs a registry query to determine the default web browser and parses the output to set flags. No malicious behavior or malware indicators are present. The potential risk stems from executing system commands constructed with variable input, but in this context, the input is static and safe. Overall, the code appears benign with no security threats identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}