{
  "purpose": "The script is a build and task automation tool for the Madoko project, managing compilation, file copying, testing, documentation, and environment setup tasks.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (e.g., process.env.kokaFlags), file system inputs (e.g., package.json, source code files, templates, resources), and command line arguments for task execution.",
  "sinks": "Executes system commands (child_process), copies files to various directories, reads and writes files (fs.readFileSync, fs.writeFileSync), and renames files. Potentially dangerous if input is manipulated.",
  "flows": "Environment variables or external inputs influence command execution and file operations. File copying and command execution could be exploited if inputs are untrusted, but typically controlled internally.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are apparent. Use of system commands and file operations is standard for build scripts. No suspicious network activity, code injection, or data leaks are evident. Minor concern over potential command injections if environment variables or inputs are manipulated, but code sanitization is not explicitly handled.",
  "analysis": "The script functions as a build automation tool, utilizing standard modules (fs, path, child_process) to perform tasks like compiling, copying files, cleaning directories, running tests, and generating documentation. It relies on environment variables and external inputs for configuration, but these are used in a controlled manner. The execution of child processes is based on constructed commands, which could pose a risk if external inputs are malicious; however, in this controlled build context, inputs are mostly internal or predefined. There are no indications of malware or malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system damage, or backdoors. The code appears to be a typical build script without obfuscation or malware indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build and task automation script for the Madoko project. It does not contain malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. While it executes system commands and manages files, these are typical operations for such scripts and are not inherently malicious. No malware or suspicious activity is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}