{
  "purpose": "This code provides React components and functions to integrate Google Analytics into a web application, including charts, view selectors, and data fetching utilities.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from component props, context, and external gapi.analytics API methods. It also loads external scripts for Google APIs.",
  "sinks": "External API calls via gapi.analytics methods, dynamic script loading, and event handlers such as 'success' and 'error' callbacks.",
  "flows": "Input props (queries, callbacks) flow into gapi analytics methods; external script loads and initializes gapi, which triggers API calls; callbacks handle responses.",
  "anomalies": "The code loads external scripts dynamically and interacts with external APIs. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious data handling observed. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. No signs of data exfiltration or malicious network activity. The use of React context and API callbacks are standard. No suspicious or hidden code functionalities identified.",
  "analysis": "The script dynamically loads the Google Platform API script and interacts with gapi.analytics for analytics purposes, including rendering charts and view selectors. It correctly manages component lifecycle, context, and external script loading. No code performs data transmission outside intended API interactions, nor does it handle sensitive data like credentials within the code. External calls are confined to Google Analytics API endpoints. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data theft, system damage, or reverse shells. The code structure and pattern follow common React and API interaction conventions. No obfuscation or malicious patterns detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React-based Google Analytics integration library. It properly loads external scripts, manages state, and interacts with Google APIs without any signs of malicious intent or sabotage. No malware or security risks are evident within the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}