{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component for a demo unit with controls, styled with theme variables, allowing toggling of control panels and rendering a demo unit with configurable properties.",
  "sources": "Reads include theme variables, DOM query selectors ('#controls-root'), React state, and properties passed to functions such as 'demoUnit' and control states.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous sinks include DOM manipulations via React portals, dynamic style modifications, and invocation of external 'demoUnit' functions with untrusted props.",
  "flows": "Source of 'demoUnit' function and control state (props) → 'demoUnit' invocation with props → rendering in React elements. DOM query selector '#controls-root' determines portal rendering. State and props drive the display and control behavior.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns. Use of React portals is standard for overlays. The code dynamically toggles control panels with no external data leaks or suspicious behavior. No obfuscated code, no suspicious external network calls, and no system-level modifications detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs a React component with state management, style application, and DOM interactions. It uses React hooks, theme variables, and conditional rendering. The only notable external DOM interaction is via 'document.querySelector' for '#controls-root', which is common for portal mounting. All control and display logic appears to be within the React ecosystem, with no evidence of malicious data exfiltration or harmful operations. The use of 'demoUnit' as a function passed in props is standard for customizable components. No suspicious dynamic code execution, network requests, or file operations are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React component for a demo with toggleable controls. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It securely manages state and DOM interactions without any suspicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}