{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for statistical analysis of medical and epidemiological data, including diagnostic test evaluation, case-control study analysis, RCT analysis, and plotting ROC curve points.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input parameters of functions such as testValues objects and individual numeric variables (e.g., a, b, c, d). It does not read external data sources or user inputs directly.",
  "sinks": "Calculations produce statistical outputs, but no data is sent over the network, stored externally, or written to files. No sinks are evident for malicious data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function inputs into calculations within functions. No external or untrusted data sources are involved. Computed results are returned as objects or arrays; no external effect or system modification occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code anomalies, hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious behaviors are present. The code is structured with standard statistical calculations and helper functions. The only unusual aspect is the extensive use of mathematical functions, but they are used appropriately.",
  "analysis": "The code performs statistical calculations relevant to medical research, such as sensitivity, specificity, likelihood ratios, odds ratios, relative risks, confidence intervals, and plotting points. It relies on the 'chi-squared' and 'decimal-adjust' modules, which are standard packages. No code injection, system calls, or network communications are present. Functions validate input types and prevent division by zero or invalid calculations, indicating cautious handling. The code does not include any obfuscated or malicious constructs. All computations are standard statistical formulas. There is no evidence of data leakage, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The only noteworthy aspect is its complex statistical logic, which appears legitimate.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate statistical analysis module with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It safely performs computations related to medical research without any suspicious side-effects. It neither reads external data sources nor writes or transmits data externally. The module is safe to use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}