{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a utility module for resolving color values, including functions for adjusting colors via various transformations (darken, lighten, invert, transparentize, opacify). It integrates with the 'polished' library to perform color manipulations and supports custom pattern matching and resolution logic.",
  "sources": "Input values such as 'value' for color transformation, and 'colors' object for color lookups.",
  "sinks": "Color transformation functions within 'polished' library calls, and recursive 'resolveValue' calls that generate new color strings.",
  "flows": "Input 'value' is matched against regex patterns; if matched, relevant 'polished' functions are called to modify colors; otherwise, a color lookup occurs. The result flows through recursive resolution if pattern matches are present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code dynamically constructs regex patterns and performs recursive string replacements but no suspicious obfuscated or malicious code segments are evident. The pattern matching and recursion are typical for color processing logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is a color resolver utility that utilizes regex patterns to identify color modification commands embedded in input strings. It applies transformations from the 'polished' library based on detected patterns. The recursion in 'resolveValue' ensures layered modifications are processed. There are no signs of data leakage, system access, or malicious payloads. The code does not perform network operations, file access, or system commands. Its sole purpose is color manipulation, with no apparent malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate color processing utility leveraging 'polished'. It performs pattern matching and recursive color transformations without any malicious or sabotage behavior. It appears to be a standard library module for handling color strings with safe dependencies.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}