{
  "purpose": "This module resolves color values and applies color transformations using the 'polished' library, supporting dynamic color adjustments based on pattern matching.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'value' parameter in 'resolveColor', 'resolveValue', and the 'match' parameter in 'colorsPolishedResolver'. It also reads 'colors' from input parameters and regex pattern matches within 'resolveValue'.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs transformed color strings through the 'polished' functions (darken, lighten, invert, transparentize, opacify). No direct data sinks related to network or file I/O are present.",
  "flows": "Input 'value' is matched against 'fullRegex' to identify color and pattern transformations. If matched, the pattern is processed via corresponding 'polished' functions, and results are recursively assembled. Unmatched 'value' defaults to direct color resolution.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. The regex patterns and recursive resolution are standard for color processing. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or external network calls are present. The code relies on external libraries but does not perform any malicious actions.",
  "analysis": "The code defines color transformation functions using 'polished', matching patterns like 'darken', 'lighten', 'invert', 'transparentize', and 'opacify'. It constructs a comprehensive regex to parse pattern-embedded color strings and applies the transformations recursively. The logic appears standard for a color resolution utility, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. The functions operate solely on provided inputs and external libraries, with no evident data exfiltration or harmful operations.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility for resolving and transforming colors based on pattern matching. It uses common libraries and patterns without any malicious intent or suspicious behaviors. No malware or security threats are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}