{
  "purpose": "This code appears to implement a complex JavaScript library for managing pan-zoom interactions, element resizing, dragging, and related UI behaviors, likely for a graphical or diagrammatic application.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include event handlers (e.g., mouse, touch, wheel events), DOM element attributes and styles, and internal state references (props, context, hooks). These are read primarily from user interactions, DOM properties, and internal state objects.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM style modifications (transform, width, height, style properties), class manipulations, event listener attachments/detachments, and network communication (none observed). The code modifies DOM styles and classes directly, but does not appear to send data over network or execute code from untrusted sources.",
  "flows": "User events (mouse, touch, wheel) flow into handler functions that update element positions, zoom levels, and styles. State updates trigger style changes and DOM manipulations. The flow is primarily local DOM manipulation without external data leaks or network communication.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code extensively manipulates DOM styles and classes, which is typical for UI libraries. No obfuscated code, suspicious network activity, or hidden backdoors identified. The code structure appears consistent with a UI interaction library. No external data leaks or privacy violations evident.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a comprehensive set of UI interaction handlers for pan, zoom, resize, and drag functionalities. It uses React-like hooks and state references to manage element states and styles. The event handlers are designed to update styles, positions, and states based on user input, with no signs of malicious data exfiltration or unauthorized network activity. All DOM manipulations are typical for such libraries. The absence of network communication, credential handling, or dynamic code execution indicates no malicious intent. No anomalies suggest sabotage or supply chain attacks. The code is complex but appears to be a legitimate, purpose-driven UI library without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a complex UI interaction library for pan-zoom, resize, and drag behaviors. It does not contain malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. It performs expected DOM manipulations for a graphical UI framework. No signs of malware or supply chain sabotage detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}