{
  "purpose": "Generate sprite sheets for national flags in various formats using a Grunt task.",
  "sources": "User-provided options (flags, format), and the 'flags' array from options.",
  "sinks": "Configuration of the 'svg_sprite' task, which outputs sprite files based on source SVG files.",
  "flows": "Input flags and format -> source paths generated -> grunt configuration set for sprite generation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code. The code appears to dynamically generate file paths based on user options without validation against external input sources. The code relies on user options for 'flags' and 'format' but does not sanitize or validate beyond simple checks. No network activity or system modifications are present. No obfuscated or minified code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code registers a Grunt task that reads user options for 'flags' and 'format'. It constructs source file paths based on these options and sets up a sprite generation configuration for the 'grunt-svg-sprite' plugin. Input validation is minimal and only checks for presence and allowed values. No external network calls, data leaks, or system modifications are present. The paths are generated dynamically but within the context of controlled input options, and no user data or environment variables are accessed unsafely. The code does not include any suspicious code snippets, obfuscation, or malicious behaviors. It appears to be a straightforward utility for sprite generation based on user input, with no indicators of malicious intent or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate Grunt task for generating flag sprite sheets. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks based on the current analysis. It relies on user-provided options, but there is no evidence of malicious manipulation or dangerous actions. Overall, it appears safe and intended for legitimate use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}