{
  "purpose": "The code defines multiple React components and styled-components for rendering animated SVG graphics, spinners, and shape morphing effects, primarily for UI visualizations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from component props such as 'color', 'size', 'speed', 'opacity', and 'delay'. It also imports external libraries like React, prop-types, and styled-components.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data from props can influence styling, animation timings, colors, and SVG attributes, which could affect visual presentation but not directly cause security issues. No explicit data leaks or external system interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props ('color', 'size', 'speed', etc.) into style definitions and SVG attributes; these are used internally for rendering animations. No untrusted external sources or network connections are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. All code appears to be standard React component and styled-components usage. No dynamic code execution, eval, or suspicious obfuscation is present. The code is fairly complex but not obfuscated or intentionally misleading.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple React functional components with associated styled-components for SVG animations, shape morphing, and visual effects. The components accept props to customize animations, colors, and sizes, applying CSS animations and transformations. The imported libraries are standard, and the code does not perform any network requests, file operations, or system commands. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful payloads. The code is structured for UI animation purposes, with clear and typical patterns for such components.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a collection of React components for visual effects and animations, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It uses common libraries and techniques for UI animations without any suspicious behaviors. No malicious signals or security vulnerabilities are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}