{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Node-RED module for post-processing object detection outputs, fetching class labels from a provided URL, and handling image detection data.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data (classesURL, iou, minScore) from the 'config' object; fetches class data via HTTP/HTTPS or file protocol; receives message payloads containing model output tensors.",
  "sinks": "Uses the fetched class data for labeling detected objects; handles network requests and JSON parsing; outputs processed detection objects via Node-RED message flow.",
  "flows": "Fetch class labels from external URL or file -> process detection data -> compute non-max suppression -> build and output detection results.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns; proper validation of URL; standard use of TensorFlow.js functions; error handling is minimal but present.",
  "analysis": "The script is a typical Node-RED module for object detection post-processing. It retrieves class labels from an external source via network or file, processes detection scores and bounding boxes, performs non-max suppression, and outputs detection results. The code includes standard practices such as error handling for URL parsing and network requests. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activity is evident. The fetchClasses function can load local files if URL protocol is 'file:', which is typical for local development. The use of 'require' for local files raises some caution but is standard in such contexts. No suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or hidden behaviors detected. Overall, the code appears to serve a legitimate purpose aligned with object detection post-processing.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for handling object detection results within a Node-RED flow. It fetches class labels from a URL or local file, processes model output, and outputs detection objects. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The code structure and logic are consistent with legitimate application code, with proper handling of external resources and data. No security risks or suspicious anomalies are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}