{
  "purpose": "This code sets up an Express.js server with session management, authentication, and static asset serving, primarily for web application backend and admin interface.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (NODE_ENV, PORT), request data (not explicitly used here), configuration files, route handlers, and static asset requests.",
  "sinks": "Session management (cookie secret), environment configuration, route handling, static file serving, and server listening port.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence configuration (NODE_ENV, PORT). User requests to static assets or routes are handled and may access session data or trigger route logic. Input from requests flows into sessions and route handlers.",
  "anomalies": "The session secret is hardcoded as 'dev', which is insecure for production. The code allows serving static files outside specific patterns, but only permits certain extensions, minimizing risk. No suspicious code execution, backdoors, or network communication to external domains is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes environment configuration and sets up an Express server with common middleware. It uses dotenv for environment variables, which is standard. The session secret is hardcoded, which is insecure but not malicious; it may be used maliciously if exposed or misused, but within this code, it does not perform malicious actions. Route handlers are required from external modules but are not detailed here, so their behavior cannot be assessed. Static asset serving is restricted to specific patterns, reducing attack surface. No evidence of data leakage, code injection, or malicious behavior is observed. The code does not perform any network calls, data exfiltration, or execute suspicious commands.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard Express.js server setup for a web application with no malicious behavior detected. The main concern is the insecure session secret in production, which could compromise session integrity if exposed. Overall, no malware or malicious intent is evident within this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}