{
  "purpose": "This code sets up an Express.js server with session management, authentication, static file serving, and routing for OAuth, admin, and session management.",
  "sources": "process.env.NODE_ENV, process.env.PORT, environment variables for session secret and NODE_ENV; req (request object); potentially, environment variables for sensitive configs.",
  "sinks": "Session cookie handling, express static files, redirect responses, and console log.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence configuration; user input via requests can reach routing handlers and static file serving; session data stored in cookies.",
  "anomalies": "The session secret is hardcoded as 'dev', which is insecure for production. The code logs the listening port, but no sensitive data is exposed in logs. No code injection or obfuscated code is present. No external malicious domains or network calls are observed. The code uses a placeholder comment about a database connection but does not implement it, indicating incomplete or placeholder code. No hardcoded credentials beyond session secret.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes environment configuration with dotenv, sets up an Express server, and manages sessions with a static secret. The session secret should not be 'dev' in production, but this alone does not indicate malicious intent—just insecure practice. Static assets are served with specific pattern matching, and routing is set up for OAuth, admin, and session endpoints. No suspicious network activity, data leaks, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code structure and dependencies are standard for an Express app. No obfuscation or malware signatures are detected. Overall, the code appears to be a standard server setup with some insecure configuration but no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical Express server setup with insecure session secret configuration but no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It does not contain obfuscated code or suspicious network activity. The main concern is the hardcoded session secret, which should be replaced with a secure, environment-sourced secret. No malicious code or backdoors are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 1
}