{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate a fractal structure based on the Menger sponge algorithm, involving 3D transformations and iterations.",
  "sources": "Reads input data in the form of parameters (x, y, z) passed to the Menger3 function, and internal constants defining scale, bailout, and iteration limits.",
  "sinks": "Performs mathematical calculations to produce a fractal value; no direct data output, network calls, or system modifications observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are transformed via rotation and scaling within the Menger3 function; results are returned as a numerical value representing the fractal distance estimation.",
  "anomalies": "Contains functions (rotate1 and rotate2) that perform rotations; no hardcoded credentials, no obfuscated code, no suspicious external calls, or data leaks. The code is straightforward mathematical transformations. The rotation functions do not modify external systems or perform malicious actions.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a fractal generation algorithm using 3D rotations, scaling, and iterative calculations. Rotation functions utilize trigonometric calculations for 3D transformations. The main function, Menger3, performs multiple iterations, applying rotations, absolute values, and conditional transformations to simulate fractal geometry. No network activity, file operations, or system modifications are present. The code's purpose appears purely mathematical and visualization-related. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious system interactions. The rotation functions are standard 3D transformations without side effects. Overall, the code is a mathematical fractal generator with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a mathematical fractal generator implementing the Menger sponge algorithm through 3D rotations and scaling. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code's structure and functions are typical for fractal visualization routines, with no suspicious or malicious activity observed.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}