{
  "purpose": "This code defines modules and classes related to Passport verification and scoring, utilizing external libraries and WebAssembly modules for cryptographic and DID (Decentralized Identifier) operations. It appears to support passport data retrieval, verification, and scoring functions.",
  "sources": "Data is read from external sources such as passport streams, WebAssembly modules, environment variables, and network requests to Ceramic and other endpoints. Input may also come from user interactions via methods like getPassport, getStream, or verification functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests (fetch, XMLHttpRequest) sending passport data, credential verification, and score calculations. WebAssembly functions could process sensitive cryptographic data. There are no direct indications of data leakage outside these functions, but network requests could be exploited to exfiltrate data if misused.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external data sources like passport streams and external endpoints into verification functions, WebAssembly modules, and credential processing functions. The data is then used in scoring or verification steps, possibly involving network communication. There is no explicit evidence of data being sent to malicious domains, but network functions could be manipulated.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes extensive use of dynamic module imports, WebAssembly instantiation, and complex Promise chaining, which can obscure malicious activity. There are no hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors. However, the use of external modules like wasm and cryptographic operations, combined with dynamic code loading, warrants cautious review. The code appears obfuscated or heavily minified, making static analysis difficult.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles cryptographic credential verification, DID stream retrieval, and passport scoring via external modules and WebAssembly. It involves dynamic imports, asynchronous data flows, and cryptographic operations, which are standard for such functionality. No direct malicious actions like system compromise, unauthorized data exfiltration, or malicious code injection are explicitly observed. However, the heavy use of dynamic module loading, WebAssembly, and network requests could potentially be exploited if integrated maliciously or if external modules are compromised. The structure and naming do not indicate obvious backdoors or hardcoded secrets, but the obfuscated nature reduces confidence in a full security assessment.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to implement a cryptographic passport verification and scoring system using WebAssembly modules and external APIs. No explicit malicious behavior or backdoors are detected. The complexity and obfuscation warrant further review of external dependencies and runtime behavior to ensure security. Overall, the risk of malicious intent is low based on static analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}