{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a Passport scoring and verification system using external modules for cryptography, DID management, and blockchain interactions. It is designed to fetch, verify, and score digital passports or credentials, likely for identity validation purposes.",
  "sources": "Data is read from external modules, APIs, and possibly user input via passport retrieval functions. External dependencies include fetching passport data, verifying credentials, and interacting with Ceramic and blockchain streams.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests to external endpoints, cryptographic operations, and data processing functions that could handle untrusted data. No direct write or data leakage appears evident in the code snippet, but external API calls and credential verification are involved.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external sources (passport data retrieval, API calls) through verification and credential processing functions, culminating in score calculation and credential validation. Sensitive data may flow through network fetches and cryptographic functions.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious anomalies like hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscated code. The code uses dynamic import and Promise-based asynchronous functions, which are standard. The presence of extensive module loading and wasm integration suggests complexity but not necessarily malicious intent. No hidden network communications or data exfiltration signals are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes various modules related to cryptography, decentralized identity (DID), and blockchain stream management. It provides functions for retrieving, verifying, and scoring passports/credentials. The functions utilize external API endpoints and wasm modules for cryptographic operations and credential validation. The structure is complex but appears consistent with identity verification workflows. There are no signs of hardcoded secrets, hidden network connections beyond legitimate API calls, or malicious code. Use of dynamic code loading and Promise chains is typical in such applications. No obfuscated or minified suspicious code is present, and the code adheres to standard asynchronous patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of a digital passport verification and scoring system, utilizing external cryptographic and identity modules. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious anomalies are evident. The security risk is low, assuming external modules are trusted and API endpoints are legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}