{
  "purpose": "The code appears to initialize and define modules for Passport verification and scoring, involving cryptographic and DID-related operations, primarily for verifying identities and credentials.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input parameters such as e (passport data), e.data, e.headers, and streams from external endpoints. Internal streams and responses from network requests (XMLHttpRequest, fetch) are also sources.",
  "sinks": "Network requests (XMLHttpRequest, fetch), cryptographic functions, and module exports are sinks where untrusted data can cause issues such as data leakage or malicious behavior.",
  "flows": "Input data from parameters and external network responses flow into cryptographic functions, DID verification, and credential handling. Data retrieved via network requests is processed and passed to verification or scoring functions, with potential for untrusted data manipulation.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive obfuscated module definitions, dynamic import and module resolution, and complex promise-based control flow. There are multiple instances of code that dynamically load WebAssembly modules, and usage of cryptographic primitives without explicit validation. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are visible. The structure appears intentionally complex, which is suspicious but not conclusive for malicious intent. No evidence of data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden network communication is directly visible.",
  "analysis": "The code is highly obfuscated, employing WebAssembly modules, dynamic module loading, and promise-based asynchronous operations. It loads cryptographic and identity verification modules, primarily for Passport and DID operations. There is extensive use of external URL endpoints, cryptographic functions, and credential verification routines. The structure resembles a complex SDK or library for identity verification, with no obvious malicious payloads. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or system damage operations are detected. The obfuscation and dynamic nature could be used to hide malicious intent, but based on the available information, the code performs legitimate cryptographic and verification tasks. However, the complexity and obfuscation increase the difficulty of thorough manual assessment, warranting cautious review if used in a security-sensitive context.",
  "conclusion": "The code is complex and heavily obfuscated, primarily involving cryptographic verification, DID operations, and credential handling related to Passport verification. No direct malicious activity such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system damage is evident. Its primary purpose appears to be identity verification via cryptographic and decentralized identity protocols. Due to the high obfuscation and dynamic module loading, the overall risk is moderate, and it should be reviewed further before deployment in security-critical environments.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.45,
  "report_number": 1
}