{
  "purpose": "This module interfaces with the Microsoft Azure Active Directory Graph API to retrieve user and group information, including nested groups, by making authorized requests using an access token.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'objectIdOrUpn', 'email', 'upn', 'propertyName', 'propertyValue', and options objects including 'top' and 'skiptoken'. It also uses the access token supplied via options for API authorization.",
  "sinks": "API request functions that send data over the network to Azure AD endpoints, potentially exposing user info if misused. The code constructs URL strings and JSON payloads for POST requests, and transmits 'objectIds' and filter strings. No direct data leakage or insecure data handling observed within this module.",
  "flows": "Input data (user identifiers, filter strings, options) flows into API request URL construction and request payloads. These are then sent via HTTP requests to external Azure AD services, with responses parsed and used to augment user objects. No evidence of malicious flows or data exfiltration paths.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, obfuscated code, or hardcoded secrets. The code relies on external tokens for authorization, which is standard. No backdoors, covert channels, or unusual behaviors identified. The code properly encodes URI components where needed and handles errors gracefully.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard API requests to Azure AD Graph API for user and group data, with methods supporting retrieval by email, UPN, and arbitrary properties. It uses secure Bearer tokens for authorization and handles responses carefully. No signs of malware such as data exfiltration, malicious code injections, or hidden backdoors. The request structure and data handling are typical for such integrations. The code’s logic is straightforward, with no suspicious dynamic execution or obfuscated parts. Potential security concern: the access token must be securely managed outside this code; improper token handling could pose risks, but within this module, no issues are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of Azure AD API interactions for user and group data retrieval. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The use of network requests and handling of user data are typical for authorized directory integrations. No security risks are apparent within the scope of this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}