{
  "purpose": "This code interacts with Microsoft's Azure Active Directory Graph API to retrieve user and group information, including nested groups, via HTTP requests using the 'request' library.",
  "sources": "User input is taken through function parameters such as 'objectIdOrUpn', 'email', 'upn', and options that may include 'tenant', 'accessToken', or filter criteria. Data is read from these parameters during API request URL construction.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to the Microsoft Graph API endpoints with authorization headers. Responses are parsed and returned via callbacks. No direct data leakage or unsafe data handling observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (user IDs, emails, UPNs, filter criteria) are used to construct request URLs. Requests are sent to the API (source). Responses are parsed and passed to callbacks (sink). Data flow appears controlled and well-structured.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No use of eval or dynamic code execution. Proxy configuration in 'fiddler' mode is configurable. No suspicious or unusual code constructs observed. Error handling for JSON parsing is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard API calls with input validation and error handling. The use of 'request' and 'async' modules is typical for Node.js. No signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or data exfiltration code. The code constructs API URLs with user-provided identifiers but does not manipulate them in a way that introduces injection risks, as it encodes IDs where necessary. No obfuscation or suspicious obfuscated code segments detected. The API tokens are passed securely via headers, assuming proper access control. The only potential concern is if 'accessToken' is mishandled outside this code, but within this scope, the code is secure.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation for accessing Azure AD Graph API to retrieve user and group info. No malicious behaviors or malware signs are detected. The code appears secure and functional, assuming valid tokens and proper input validation outside this scope.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}