{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a utility module exporting functions related to visual effects, shadows, and possibly easing or animation calculations, with no explicit application logic.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters and configuration objects, such as 'r' and 'e', as well as properties within objects like 'te' and 'ae'. There are no obvious external data sources, network calls, or environment variable reads.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that perform calculations and generate CSS-like shadow strings. No direct data leakage, system modification, or network activity occurs in the visible code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into functions that perform mathematical calculations (e.g., 'A', 'E', '$(r,e)'). Calculated shadow styles are returned as strings. There are no flows leading to sensitive system components or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex mathematical functions and dynamic property handling but no suspicious logic such as obfuscated code, hidden code execution, or data exfiltration. The code structure suggests an intent to generate visual styles rather than malicious activities.",
  "analysis": "The module uses mathematical functions to generate Bezier curves and shadow styles, likely for UI effects. It defines configuration defaults and allows overrides, indicating intended flexibility. No network calls, file system access, or credential handling are present. The code's complexity appears solely related to graphical computations. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a mathematical utility module for visual effects, with no signs of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It functions as a style generator with safe mathematical operations and property handling. No security risks or malware are detected based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}