{
  "purpose": "This code defines a simulation class 'Sim' that performs stochastic sampling and statistical analysis of a model using a set of risk inputs and random number generators.",
  "sources": "Reads from 'Math.random()', 'risks' array, 'model()' function, and 'rndNs' array of objects with 'update' method. Uses imported modules './_stats.js' and 'norm-dist/icdf-voutier.js'.",
  "sinks": "Potentially writes to the model's output object, updates 'rndNs' objects via 'update' method, and stores statistical results in typed arrays.",
  "flows": "Random inputs generated via 'Math.random()' passed into 'icdf', then fed into 'rndNs.update', which influence 'model()' outputs. These outputs are stored in statistical arrays.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'Function' constructor to dynamically create functions ('one' and 'run') which may obfuscate code behavior. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious URL/network activity observed. No obfuscation or minification beyond dynamic function creation. No malicious code, such as network calls, file system access, or crypto mining, is present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a simulation framework with stochastic sampling. It dynamically creates functions for 'one' and 'run' methods, which update risk objects and collect statistical data. Randomness is sourced from 'Math.random()', transformed via 'icdf', and used to generate model inputs. No external network calls, file access, or suspicious behavior. The dynamic 'Function' constructor usage could be used to hide complexity but does not inherently imply malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. The code appears to be a controlled statistical simulation tool with no malicious or maliciously obfuscated components.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a statistical simulation class performing stochastic sampling and analysis. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. The dynamic function creation is a potential obfuscation technique but does not suggest malicious intent. Overall, the code is safe, with low malware and security risk likelihood.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}