{
  "purpose": "The code defines a simulation class 'Sim' that performs probabilistic modeling and sampling using input models and random number generators.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'model()' function, 'risks' array, and 'rndNs' array of objects with an 'update' method. It also reads from 'Math.random()' within the 'random' function and the imported 'icdf' function.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe sink is 'Math.random()', used as a source for stochastic inputs; however, it is standard for generating randomness, not inherently malicious.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'Math.random()' through 'icdf' to 'zs' array, then into 'rn.update(zs)' for each 'rn' in 'rndNs', and ultimately into 'model()' outputs. Empirical data is collected into 'stats' and 'results' objects.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses 'Function' constructor to dynamically generate 'one' and 'run' methods, which can obscure code behavior and may be misused for malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious network activity are present. The use of 'new Function' for code generation is uncommon and warrants caution.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement a probabilistic simulation framework with multiple methods for running simulations and collecting statistical data. The use of 'Function' constructor to create 'one' and 'run' functions dynamically could be exploited for malicious code execution if untrusted inputs influence the code string, but here it appears to generate code based on trusted variables. No external network communication, file access, or system manipulation is present. Randomness sources are standard, and imported modules seem to serve statistical functions. The code structure is typical for simulation frameworks, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a simulation utility for probabilistic modeling and does not exhibit malicious behavior. The use of dynamic function creation is notable but appears controlled and based on internal data. No malware or malicious activity detected. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}