{
  "purpose": "The code provides a syntax highlighting utility for displaying code snippets with customizable options such as gutter, controls, collapse, first line, and columns.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from HTML elements' attributes and class names, specifically targeting 'pre' and 'textarea' tags with class or language attributes.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe if untrusted input is included in attributes like class, language, or innerHTML, which could be exploited for code injection or DOM manipulation.",
  "flows": "The code retrieves parameters from element attributes, parses them, and applies syntax highlighting via the highlight() function, which manipulates DOM innerHTML, potentially inserting untrusted content.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses regex for parameter parsing, which appears standard; however, it relies on innerHTML assignments within highlight(), which could be risky if the highlight() implementation inserts untrusted data. No hardcoded credentials or obfuscated code are present. No external network calls or suspicious domain connections are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a parser and handler for applying syntax highlighting based on HTML element attributes and class names. It uses regex and attribute extraction to determine settings, then calls a highlight() method that likely modifies the DOM. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors. The usage of innerHTML could be risky if highlight() inserts untrusted content, but without its implementation, this cannot be definitively linked to malicious activity. The overall structure appears standard for a syntax highlighter library. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious logic are observed.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate syntax highlighter utility with no evident malicious intent or malware. It uses standard methods for parsing parameters and manipulating the DOM. The main concern is potential DOM-based XSS if the highlight() function inserts untrusted data, but this is typical in such libraries and not necessarily malicious. No malicious behavior or security risks are detected based on this code alone.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}