{
  "purpose": "This code is a configuration decorator for a terminal emulator (likely Hyper), providing theme and UI customization based on user settings.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration object 'config' and its 'hypest' property; environment variables are not accessed; no input streams or external data sources are used.",
  "sinks": "Modifies 'exports' functions for window vibrancy and browser options; injects CSS styles into the configuration. No untrusted data is directly used in these sinks.",
  "flows": "Configuration data flows from 'config' to 'hypest', affecting 'exports' functions and CSS styling; styling dynamically adapts based on configuration flags.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code contains extensive inline CSS with data URIs for SVG icons, but these are standard embedded assets. No evidence of backdoors or hidden malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily sets visual styles and window behaviors based on user preferences, including vibrancy, borders, and colors. It uses configuration options to adjust CSS dynamically, and defines functions to modify window appearance. The inline SVGs are embedded icons for UI, not malicious payloads. There are no external data fetches, network connections, or execution of dynamic code beyond configuration handling. The code does not contain any suspicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, remote connections, or execution of untrusted code. The inline data URIs are used for iconography, which is common in UI customization. Overall, it appears to be purely aesthetic configuration code.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a theme and style configuration script for a terminal emulator, with no malicious or sabotage behavior detected. It modifies visual appearance based on user preferences and embeds static SVG icons. There is no evidence of malware or security risks within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}