{
  "purpose": "The script is a Grunt task for converting SVG files into web fonts, generating associated stylesheets, HTML demos, and handling font formats and caching.",
  "sources": "Reads SVG files from the source paths, reads template files, configuration options, codepoints file, and cache hashes.",
  "sinks": "Writes font files, CSS/SCSS/SASS/LESS/Stylus files, HTML demos, custom outputs, and updates cache/hash files.",
  "flows": "Source SVG files are read and hashed for change detection; font files are generated and possibly converted; stylesheets and demo HTML are created using templates; hashes are stored and checked for caching; font URLs or embedded data URIs are generated and written to output files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No unusual code patterns, obfuscated code, or dynamic code execution detected. The code uses standard modules, template rendering, and filesystem operations without any suspicious logic. Functions like embedFont convert font files to data URIs but do not send data externally. No network activity or external connections are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive, standard Grunt task implementation for font generation workflows, including file handling, template processing, and caching. All functions perform expected tasks such as reading files, generating fonts, and writing output. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or privacy violations. The code's structure and logic are typical for build tools, with no suspicious code injection, external network activity, or hidden behaviors. The only notable activity is font embedding and cache management, which are normal for this context.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a legitimate build tool for web font generation with no indicators of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs expected operations with standard modules and patterns. The malware score is 0, the security risk score is low, and confidence is high in this assessment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}