{
  "purpose": "The code implements a scroll-following feature, tracking active elements ('floors') based on scroll position, with event callbacks for different scroll states.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include DOM elements passed as 'el' (could be elements, NodeLists, or selectors), and the scroll area (area or window). It reads scroll positions and element bounding rectangles.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the event callbacks (_this.on.*), which could execute user-provided functions, and DOM manipulation methods. However, no direct data leak or malicious sink is present.",
  "flows": "Input from DOM elements and scroll events are processed in the core() function, which updates active elements and triggers callbacks. The flow is mostly confined within scroll event handling; no external network or system modification occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, no suspicious code patterns, no hardcoded credentials, or unusual behavior detected. The code uses standard API functions and is structured for UI behavior, not malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a scroll tracking utility, detecting which element ('floor') is currently active based on scroll position. It uses requestAnimationFrame polyfill for smooth operation, handles different input types for element selection, and triggers callback hooks for different scroll states and changes. The event listeners are properly added and can be removed via destroy(). There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The use of external utility functions ('@fekit/utils') appears legitimate and relevant to DOM and type checking. No suspicious network activity or file operations are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard UI scroll tracking utility without malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It does not contain malware or security risks beyond typical UI event handling. It is safe for use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}