{
  "purpose": "The class PercentileRanking is designed to compute simple and complex percentile ranks for student grades, supporting both instance and static method calls for calculating these rankings.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'grades' array during class instantiation, as well as from method parameters such as 'item' and 'grades' array passed to static methods.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks are present. The code does not perform data output, network operations, or file manipulations. The main data flows involve in-memory calculations only.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'grades' flows through ranking calculation methods, with source-to-sink paths being purely internal in-memory processing for percentile calculations. No external data sinks are involved.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors, such as obfuscated code, code injection, or dynamic code execution, are detected. The code structure and comments suggest straightforward functionality. The use of spread operators and array filtering is standard. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements percentile calculations for student grades, with both simple and complex ranking methods. It employs typical JavaScript features, including array operations, maps, and class structures. Static methods facilitate batch processing, while instance methods allow for incremental updates. No signs of malicious activity, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors, are detected. The code is clear, well-commented, and focused on percentile calculations. The only potential concern could be the management of the internal map '_gradeRank', but it does not perform any malicious actions, only caching computed ranks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of percentile ranking calculations for student grades, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs internal computations only and lacks any suspicious or harmful operations. Therefore, it poses no security threat.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}