{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a testing script that interacts with a decentralized exchange or swap router to obtain trade quotes between specific tokens on a blockchain network.",
  "sources": "Sources include user-provided token addresses, environment variables for RPC URLs, and network responses from the swap router.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are console logs and debug logs which output sensitive data, and network calls to fetch quotes and trade data.",
  "flows": "Input data such as token addresses, balances, and fee amount flow into the getQuoteToRatio API call; responses from this call are processed and logged. Network data from the API responses could potentially leak information if misused.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected; network URLs are publicly known endpoints. Usage of debug logs could expose sensitive info if enabled in production. The token addresses are hardcoded, but that is typical for test scripts, not inherently malicious. No suspicious code or backdoors identified.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes a swap router instance with public RPC URLs, then defines tokens and runs a quote request for swapping token0 to token1. It conditionally logs detailed debug information and results. The code does not perform any data modification, system manipulation, or unauthorized data transmission. The use of debug logs and network endpoints is standard. No obfuscated, malicious, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code is a straightforward test harness for DeFi quote fetching.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical testing script for obtaining trade quotes from a decentralized exchange API. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The use of debug logs could expose sensitive data if enabled in production, but this is standard for development environments. Overall, the script is safe and aligns with intended functionality for testing swap quotes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}