{
  "purpose": "This script interacts with a Unix socket to execute commands such as 'status' and other commands passed as arguments, retrieving and displaying network or system information.",
  "sources": "Process arguments (process.argv), file system status checks (fs.statSync), socket communication (http.request with socketPath), and network data parsing (IP2nm function).",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to the Unix socket, JSON parsing of response bodies, console.log outputs, and data formatting functions.",
  "flows": "Input: command-line arguments → Validation of socket existence → Sending command over Unix socket → Receiving JSON response → Formatting and printing output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution. The code performs standard system and network info retrieval with socket communication and formatting.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes by setting a socket path, allowing override via arguments. It performs a synchronous file check for socket existence and type. The runCmd function issues HTTP requests over a Unix socket to execute commands and process JSON responses. Helper functions convert IP to numeric netmask, format virtual interface info, and output system state. No signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or suspicious network activity. All functions perform typical system management tasks, with standard error handling and data processing. There is no evidence of malware or malicious behavior. The code is straightforward, with proper validation and no suspicious anomalies.",
  "conclusion": "The script appears to be a legitimate system/network management utility that communicates over a Unix socket to retrieve status information and displays it. There are no signs of malicious activity, backdoors, or malicious data handling. It performs standard operations with no suspicious code or malware indicators.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}