{
  "purpose": "Provides control over GPIO pins via the pigpio interface, specifically for setting PWM values and frequency on safe pins.",
  "sources": "Reads the 'cmd' argument in writeCommand function, and 'pin' and 'value' or 'hertz' parameters in pigpio methods.",
  "sinks": "Writes to the /dev/pigpio device file via fs.write, which sends commands to the GPIO daemon.",
  "flows": "Input parameters 'cmd', 'pin', 'value', 'hertz' flow into writeCommand and pigpio methods, which then generate command strings and write them to /dev/pigpio.",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval('undefined') in fs.open is unusual; however, it evaluates to undefined, which is valid as an optional mode argument. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code detected. No data leakage or external network activity present. The code directly controls GPIO pins, which could be used maliciously if misused, but this code itself appears as a typical hardware control interface.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward hardware interface module, controlling GPIO pins through the pigpio interface. It includes a safePins array to restrict control to specific pins. The writeCommand function writes commands to /dev/pigpio, which is standard for GPIO control. No input validation beyond pin inclusion is performed, but this is typical in such scripts. No network activity, credential handling, or data exfiltration is present. The use of eval is redundant but not malicious in this context. Overall, the code does not contain malware or malicious behavior. Its security risk level is low, provided the environment is trusted and used appropriately.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a simple GPIO control module with no evidence of malicious intent. It restricts control to predefined safe pins and interacts with the GPIO daemon in a standard way. No malware, backdoors, or data leaks are detected. The main concern is its potential misuse in hardware control, but the code itself is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}