{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React component for rendering and managing interactive hierarchical chart nodes, allowing for dragging, collapsing, and selecting nodes in a tree structure.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from 'datasource' prop, reads from DOM elements for event handling, and subscribes to services '_service.dragNodeService' and '_service.selectNodeService' for drag and selection state updates.",
  "sinks": "Uses event handlers for drag-and-drop operations, node selection, and UI interactions that could potentially lead to data manipulation or UI state changes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and service subscriptions to DOM event handlers; drag data is set via event.dataTransfer in dragstart; dragover and drop handlers process drag data and invoke changeHierarchy callback.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code is extensive but follows typical React patterns. Uses service subscriptions for drag/selection management; no indications of data exfiltration or malicious data leaks. No obfuscated or minified code; no external malicious scripts or suspicious network activity is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component managing a hierarchical chart with interactive features such as drag-and-drop, collapse/expand nodes, and selection. It subscribes to services that track drag and selection state, which are standard for such UI components. Event handlers manipulate DOM classes for collapsing/expanding nodes and manage drag-and-drop data transfer. The dragstart handler serializes node data as JSON for transfer; on drop, it parses this data and calls 'changeHierarchy' callback, which is a common pattern for hierarchical UI interactions. No external network requests, hidden code, or malicious logic is present. The code is well-structured, with no suspicious code flows, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React-based hierarchical chart component for UI interaction. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. No security risks are evident from the code itself, and it appears safe for use. The primary concern could be misuse of the 'changeHierarchy' callback or service subscriptions, but these are part of normal application behavior. Overall, the code is clean with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}