{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component for rendering and managing hierarchical chart nodes with drag-and-drop, collapsible branches, and selection features.",
  "sources": "Reads data from 'datasource' prop, React hooks, DOM events, and external services (_service). Data input occurs during drag events, clicks, and React lifecycle effects.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'changeHierarchy' callback with parsed JSON data from drag-and-drop operations; interacts with external services for drag and selection states.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'datasource' into the component; during drag start, data is stringified and set via event.dataTransfer; on drop, data is parsed and passed to 'changeHierarchy'. External services update component state based on drag and selection info.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. Use of JSON.stringify/parse in drag-and-drop is standard for such functionality. No suspicious DOM manipulation, network calls, or obfuscated code present. The code adheres to typical React component structure with no evident malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component managing hierarchical nodes with drag-and-drop, collapsible nodes, and selection. It relies on external services for drag and selection info, using JSON serialization/deserialization during drag events. The event handlers and effects are standard for React-based UI components. No suspicious or malicious logic, backdoors, or malicious network interactions are present. The code appears to be a typical React component for interactive hierarchical visualization.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React component for hierarchical chart nodes with interactive features. It does not contain malware or malicious behaviors. The data handling during drag-and-drop is appropriate, and there are no signs of malicious code or security risks within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}