{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component for rendering a hierarchical chart with interactive nodes, supporting drag-and-drop, collapsing, and selection functionalities.",
  "sources": "Data sources include 'datasource' prop (node data), and DOM events for drag-and-drop interactions. External modules like 'react', 'prop-types', and './service' provide dependencies.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are 'changeHierarchy' callback invoked during drop events with parsed JSON data, and 'onClickNode' callback during node clicks. These are user-defined functions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'datasource' into UI rendering; drag events set dataTransfer data with JSON stringified node object; drop events parse this data and call 'changeHierarchy'.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs detected. No unusual code or obfuscated patterns are present. The code mainly manages UI interactions.",
  "analysis": "The code imports React and other dependencies, manages node state and interaction via React hooks, and handles drag-and-drop functionality by setting and reading JSON data in dataTransfer. Event handlers are used for toggling collapse states and managing selection. The JSON data transferred during drag-and-drop is based on node object, excluding the 'relationship' property to prevent sensitive info leakage. No evidence of malicious behaviors such as system data exfiltration, connection to suspicious domains, or system damage is present. The code operates entirely within the client-side UI context, with user-defined callbacks for hierarchy changes and node clicks, which could be monitored separately but are not inherently malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a standard React component for visualization with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a React component implementing a hierarchical chart with drag-and-drop and node interaction features. It does not contain any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks based on current analysis. It mainly manages UI state and interactions, with safe data handling in drag-and-drop operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}