{
  "purpose": "This code implements a JavaScript module for performing a blur effect on numerical data arrays, likely for graphical or data visualization purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'data' parameter passed to the 'blur' function and from internal variables such as 'value' and 'width'. It also reads configuration parameters set via setter methods like 'radius', 'radiusX', 'radiusY', 'width', and 'value'.",
  "sinks": "The code processes numerical data for blurring but does not send or transmit data externally. There are no network calls, file operations, or system commands present.",
  "flows": "Input data (from 'data' parameter and configuration setters) flows through 'blur', 'blurTransfer', and 'blurTransferInt' functions, transforming data arrays into blurred versions stored in internal Float32Arrays, which are then returned.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes no suspicious or malicious code segments. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, network calls, or data exfiltration routines are present. The module appears to be a straightforward implementation of a blurring algorithm with no obfuscated or misleading features.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for data blurring using iterative transfer methods. It employs internal variables for configuration, such as radius and width, which can be set via provided methods. The module exports a 'blur' function generator, which when invoked, returns a function capable of blurring data arrays. There are no signs of external data access, network activity, or malicious intent. The code structure is typical for a data processing library, with clear logic and no obfuscated segments. The functions manipulate numerical arrays to apply a blur effect, suitable for graphical applications. Overall, the code is benign and appears to be a standard implementation of a blurring algorithm without malicious features.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate data blurring utility with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs numerical data processing locally and does not engage in any suspicious activities. The module is safe for use in its intended context.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}