{
  "purpose": "The code performs statistical processing of QUEST procedure data, calculating thresholds based on Gumbel distribution functions and intensity estimates.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from q1 and q2 objects (assumed to be QUEST structures), as well as parameters passed into functions such as alpha, beta, gamma, lambda, and x.",
  "sinks": "The code evaluates mathematical functions, potentially generating numerical results. It does not write to files, send data over networks, or access environment variables. No data leakage or external communication appears to occur.",
  "flows": "Input QUEST objects and parameters flow into functions that compute threshold estimates, which then use the gumbelIntensities function to generate intensity thresholds. The results are returned as structured data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious domain calls, or system modifications detected. The use of 'math.eval' with dynamically constructed strings could be risky if input is uncontrolled, but in this context, inputs are numerical parameters. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present. Usage of 'require' and 'import' is standard for dependencies.",
  "analysis": "The code relies on external dependencies ('lodash', 'mathjs', 'fzero') to perform statistical calculations and root finding. It processes QUEST data structures, calculating thresholds using Gumbel distribution functions. Functions are well-structured, with no suspicious dynamic code execution, network calls, or system modifications. The only potential concern is the use of 'math.eval' with string concatenation, which could be risky if inputs are malicious, but as parameters are numerical and controlled, this poses minimal threat. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate statistical processing module with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard statistical analysis implementation for QUEST data, with no signs of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It utilizes common libraries and performs calculations typical for psychophysical threshold estimation. No malware indicators or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}