{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to process QUEST data and compute intensities based on Gumbel distributions, primarily for auditory threshold estimation.",
  "sources": [
    "q1 and q2 objects: inputs containing threshold data and parameters",
    "function parameters: alpha, beta, gamma, lambda, and x, which are inputs to mathematical functions",
    "mathjs and lodash libraries: used for mathematical operations and utility functions",
    "fzero library: used to find roots of equations",
    "gumbelIntensities function: computes intensity thresholds based on QUEST data"
  ],
  "sinks": [
    "fzero calls with makeFn: potentially vulnerable if makeFn inputs or outputs are manipulated",
    "math.eval: evaluates strings as code, which can be dangerous if inputs are malicious or malformed",
    "math.eval inside PAL_Gumbel: dynamically evaluates mathematical expressions constructed from parameters",
    "Potentially untrusted inputs: if q1, q2, or parameters are sourced from untrusted sources, could influence math.eval or fzero behavior"
  ],
  "flows": [
    "q1 and q2 mean() methods feed into t1, t2, and tmean",
    "tmean flows into gumbelIntensities to calculate intensities",
    "makeFn creates functions using constants alpha, beta, gamma, lambda, and variable x",
    "fzero searches for roots of functions returned by makeFn at tmean and other percentiles",
    "PAL_Gumbel uses math.eval to evaluate string expressions for the Gumbel cumulative and inverse functions",
    "math.eval is used again inside PAL_Gumbel for derivative calculations and inverse calculations"
  ],
  "anomalies": "Use of math.eval with dynamically constructed strings introduces potential risks, though no malicious code is explicitly present. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets or suspicious behavior. No suspicious network activity or backdoors are evident. The code uses external libraries without suspicious modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs statistical and mathematical operations to analyze QUEST data, utilizing external libraries for math evaluation and root finding. The math.eval calls are dynamically constructed but appear to implement standard statistical formulas for the Gumbel distribution. There are no signs of obfuscation, malware, or malicious intent. The use of math.eval with string expressions is standard for flexible mathematical calculations, though it warrants caution. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms are observed. The overall structure appears legitimate and aligned with scientific computation tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for statistical threshold analysis using QUEST data and Gumbel distributions. No evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or sabotage is found. The use of dynamic math evaluation is appropriate for this context and does not indicate malicious intent. The package appears safe based on this analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}