{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to process QUEST procedure data related to auditory threshold estimation, involving statistical calculations and mathematical modeling using Gumbel distributions.",
  "sources": [
    "Imports from 'util', 'lodash', 'fzero', and 'mathjs'.",
    "Function parameters 'q1' and 'q2' which are structures from QUEST procedures.",
    "Usage of external functions such as 'fzero', 'math.mean', and 'math.eval'."
  ],
  "sinks": [
    "Calculations involving 'fzero' which evaluate functions to find roots based on user-defined functions.",
    "Mathematical expressions evaluated via 'math.eval', which process variables and external functions."
  ],
  "flows": [
    "Inputs 'q1', 'q2' -> Calculation of means and parameters -> Construction of functions with 'makeFn' -> Evaluation via 'fzero' to determine intensities.",
    "Mathematical expressions using 'math.eval' are computed during 'PAL_Gumbel' for both the forward and inverse functions."
  ],
  "anomalies": [
    "Usage of 'math.eval' with dynamically constructed strings may pose a risk if input strings are manipulated, but in this context, inputs are internal constants or parameters.",
    "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network connections are present.",
    "The code contains no suspicious or unnecessary dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors.",
    "The code strictly performs mathematical calculations and ROOT finding, typical for data analysis, with no signs of malicious payloads."
  ],
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for processing QUEST data, estimating thresholds via Gumbel distributions, and uses external mathematical libraries for calculations. It employs 'fzero' to find roots of functions defined within the module, which is typical for such numerical tasks. No hardcoded secrets or sensitive data are present. The 'math.eval' calls are used for evaluating mathematical expressions constructed from known parameters, not external inputs. The code appears to be well-structured, with no signs of malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, remote code execution, or hidden backdoors. Overall, the code performs legitimate statistical processing related to auditory threshold estimation, with no indication of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for processing QUEST-based auditory threshold data, utilizing mathematical libraries and numerical root-finding. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. The code is safe, with a low malware score and security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}