{
  "purpose": "Manage terminal sessions within the Brackets extension, handling UI interactions, command execution, and connection to a local server for terminal emulation.",
  "sources": "User commands, settings (e.g., font size, port), DOM events (clicks, resize, tab activation), terminalManager events (connection status, title updates, creation, destruction).",
  "sinks": "TerminalManager methods (open, create, destroy, focus, blur), DOM style modifications (font size), command registration and execution, event triggers affecting UI state.",
  "flows": "User commands → command handlers → terminalManager actions; UI events (clicks, resize) → handlers → terminal and panel updates; terminalManager events → UI updates and state changes.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or malicious network activity. Connection to localhost is standard for local terminal emulation. Commented 'killed' event is benign.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a terminal extension for Brackets, managing UI components, user commands, and local server connections. It uses standard APIs, event-driven architecture, and DOM manipulations. No signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities are present. The connection to localhost with a configurable port is typical for such tools. The commented-out 'killed' event handler does not introduce security issues. The code's clarity and lack of suspicious patterns support a benign assessment.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, non-malicious terminal extension for Brackets. It manages UI and terminal sessions without any malicious intent or security issues. The connection to localhost is standard, and no obfuscation or backdoors are detected. The assigned malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the risk score (~0.1-0.2) is justified given the local network connection. Overall, the code is safe and the scores are appropriate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}