{
  "purpose": "Initialization script for a blockchain app, setting up configuration, network, wallet, and logging modules.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration from LevelDb database, external URLs for API endpoints, environment variables for network type.",
  "sinks": "Potential external network communication via hardcoded IP addresses, data logging, wallet operations.",
  "flows": "Configuration read from database -> External API calls to hardcoded IPs -> Wallet and logger setup -> Command execution.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of hardcoded IP addresses for API endpoints, transpiled/minified boilerplate code, no user input handling or secrets.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard initialization routine for a blockchain node or wallet, with configuration loaded from local database and external API endpoints specified via hardcoded URLs. No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious payloads are evident. The boilerplate code appears transpiled, not malicious obfuscation. The external URLs point to specific IPs, which could be controlled by an attacker if untrusted, but no malicious activity such as data exfiltration or code injection is present. The malware score is 0, as no malicious behavior is detected. The obfuscation score is low (~0.2), reflecting transpiled boilerplate. The security risk is also low (~0.2-0.3), primarily due to hardcoded external IPs that should be verified for trustworthiness. Overall, the code appears legitimate, with the main concern being external endpoint trust, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical blockchain node initialization script with no evidence of malicious behavior or obfuscation. The main security consideration is verifying the trustworthiness of the hardcoded external API endpoints. Malware score is 0, obfuscation is minimal (~0.2), and risk is low (~0.2-0.3). Continuous verification of external endpoints is recommended, but the code itself is safe based on the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}