{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a library or module designed for blockchain bridging and token data retrieval, interfacing with the Eddy.finance GraphQL API to get quotes, token info, pools, and supported chains.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user-provided parameters such as wallet addresses, token addresses, chain IDs, amounts, and slippage values; these are primarily passed into functions like getQuoteForBridge and getTokenDataFromAddress.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the GraphQL API POST requests to https://apiv2.eddy.finance/graphql, where input data could influence the request payload; there are no direct code execution or data leak mechanisms evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function inputs (wallet addresses, token info, chain IDs) into GraphQL query string construction, then into POST requests; responses are processed and returned, with some error handling and logging. The data is used internally for token info, quotes, and contract configurations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials besides a public API endpoint; no obfuscated code or unusual control flow; no dynamic code execution or suspicious network activity. Variable naming and structure are consistent with normal blockchain SDK usage. The code is extensive but appears to be standard API interaction logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is a modular implementation that interacts with a public GraphQL API for blockchain token and pool data, with functions to get token info, bridge quotes, supported chains, and pools. It includes structured queries with user parameters, promises for asynchronous requests, and error handling with console logs. No malicious or backdoor behavior, such as data exfiltration, system modification, or covert network activity, is evident. The network requests are to a reputable API endpoint, and the logic is straightforward data fetching and processing. The absence of obfuscation and malicious logic indicates this is a standard SDK component. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. Overall, the code functions as intended for blockchain data retrieval with no suspicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript module is a typical blockchain SDK that interfaces with a public API to fetch token, pool, and quote data. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The network requests are to a known endpoint, and there is no suspicious code or obfuscation. The code is well-structured for its purpose, with no security risks detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}