{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a JavaScript SDK or client library for interacting with Eddy Finance's API, providing functions to fetch bridge quotes, token data, supported chains, pools, and tokens for cross-chain operations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters passed to functions, including chain IDs, token addresses, amounts, slippage, and wallet addresses. It also reads API responses from the Eddy Finance GraphQL endpoints.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include sending POST requests with GraphQL queries to Eddy Finance API endpoints. There are no direct sinks for untrusted user input affecting system files or sensitive data exfiltration within this code.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., chain IDs, token addresses, wallet addresses) are used to construct GraphQL query strings. These queries are sent via HTTP POST requests to Eddy Finance's API endpoints. Responses are processed and returned to caller functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code constructs complex GraphQL query strings dynamically from input parameters, which could potentially lead to injection if inputs are not validated externally. There is extensive use of Promise-based asynchronous flow. No obfuscation or minified code is present. The code logs errors to the console, which is normal debugging behavior but could leak internal details if exposed in production.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily acts as a client library for interacting with Eddy Finance's GraphQL API. It includes functions to fetch bridge quotes, token data, supported chains, and pool data. Inputs are taken from parameters and used to build GraphQL query strings. These strings are sent via HTTP POST requests to external API endpoints. Responses are parsed, checked for validity, and then returned. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity beyond legitimate API calls. It uses standard libraries like axios and ethers. Error handling involves console logging and rejection of Promises. There are no indications of malware such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system modification. The use of dynamic string construction for GraphQL queries from parameters poses potential injection risks if inputs are not sanitized outside this module, but within this code, input validation is not shown.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a client SDK for Eddy Finance API, with no evident malicious behavior or malware. It relies on external parameters to construct API requests and processes responses accordingly. The code appears benign and standard for such API interactions. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious network activity are present. The main consideration is ensuring that input parameters are validated externally to prevent injection attacks.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}