{
  "purpose": "The code is a JavaScript module that interacts with the Eddy.finance API to retrieve token data, bridge quotes, supported chains, pools, and tokens for cross-chain operations. It facilitates blockchain bridge functionalities and token management.",
  "sources": "Data reads occur from API responses (via HTTP POST requests to 'https://apiv2.eddy.finance/graphql') and input parameters for functions such as 'sourceChainId', 'destinationChainId', 'amount', 'slippage', 'walletAddress', etc. The code also reads environment variables and function arguments.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially flow into the API request payloads or into the code's logic if inputs are manipulated. The code sends POST requests with dynamically constructed GraphQL queries containing user input parameters. No direct system or network commands are invoked, but the network requests are critical sinks.",
  "flows": "Source data (function arguments and user inputs) flows into string interpolations forming GraphQL queries, which are then sent via axios POST requests to the API endpoint. The responses are parsed, and the data is used for further processing or returned to the caller.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive dynamic string concatenation for GraphQL queries, which could be risky if inputs are not sanitized. It does not appear to handle input validation explicitly, but this is typical for API client code. The code is verbose but appears structured; no obfuscation or suspicious variable names are evident. The code does not contain hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors. The overall complexity might mask malicious intent, but nothing explicit is present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs API requests to fetch blockchain-related data, such as token info, bridge quotes, supported chains, pools, and tokens, by constructing GraphQL queries dynamically using input parameters. It employs axios for HTTP communication and 'ethers' for blockchain-related data encoding. No external or hidden system commands or malicious network activity is evident. The use of Promise-based asynchronous calls is standard. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or obfuscated code are detected. The structure is typical for a blockchain utility library. The only potential concern is the dynamic construction of queries with user input, which could lead to injection if inputs are maliciously crafted. However, since these inputs are used in API calls and not directly executed as code or system commands, the risk is low. Overall, the code appears legitimate, focused on blockchain data fetching, with no evidence of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate blockchain utility module interfacing with the Eddy.finance API. It dynamically constructs GraphQL queries from inputs to fetch token and bridge data. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware indicators are present. The potential risk is minimal, related only to improper input sanitization for API requests, which is standard in such code. No security risks or malware are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}