{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions for manipulating and analyzing hashes (JavaScript objects) used in mathematical and data processing contexts, such as creating hashes from strings, performing arithmetic operations, and normalizing data.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from string parameters (e.g., in fromString), object parameters (hashes), and arrays; it processes these data structures through function arguments.",
  "sinks": "The code mainly performs in-memory data transformations. No data is written to external systems, files, or network, and there are no direct sinks for untrusted data; however, potential concern is in the 'fromString' function where input strings are parsed into key-value pairs.",
  "flows": "Input strings are parsed into hashes ('fromString'), which are then used in arithmetic functions ('add', 'addtimes', etc.), with no external sinks involved. Data flows within functions but do not exit system boundaries.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes only standard utility functions with no obvious malicious intent. The 'fromString' function allows creation of hashes from arbitrary strings; if used improperly, it could process malicious or malformed input, but this is standard parsing. There are no embedded or hidden code execution, network calls, or backdoors. No use of eval or dynamic code execution. The comments and structure are straightforward and legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code provides well-defined utility functions for hash manipulations, such as parsing strings into hashes, combining hashes, normalizing values, and computing inner products. No external system calls, network operations, or dynamic code execution are present. The 'fromString' method processes input strings into key-value pairs, which could be used maliciously if fed malicious input, but this is a typical parsing routine, not malicious in itself. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are evident. The code's structure and purpose are consistent with data processing, and no obfuscated or suspicious patterns are present. Since the functions are utility-based and do not perform external actions, the malware risk is low.",
  "conclusion": "The code consists of legitimate utility functions for hash manipulation, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. Its design and implementation are standard for data processing purposes. Potential risks relate only to misuse of input data, but this is inherent in any parsing function. Overall, the code appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}