{
  "purpose": "This code defines Vue components for rating and dynamic form fields, exporting them as a library for use in Vue applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads component props (e.g., 'value', 'name', 'type', 'readonly'), attributes, and external dependencies. It also accesses the DOM via document.currentScript for setting public paths.",
  "sinks": "The code emits 'input' events to update parent components and dynamically assigns attributes. It does not write to the system, network, or access sensitive data. No unsafe eval, dynamic code execution, or direct system manipulation is present.",
  "flows": "User interactions with input elements (checkbox, radio, select, custom fields) update component state ('mutatedValue'), which then emits 'input' events. Attributes can be parsed from JSON strings or objects. The dynamic setting of 'id' attributes is based on 'name' props.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes dynamic generation of 'name' and 'id' attributes, and loads external dependencies (vue-dyno-field). It uses standard Vue patterns and external libraries; no unusual or suspicious code patterns are observed. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. Use of 'Math.random()' for 'name' generation could be predictable but is not malicious. The code runs within a sandboxed Vue environment.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of standard Vue component definitions, normal component lifecycle hooks, and event handling for form inputs. It uses external libraries for polyfills and vue-dyno-field. The dynamic assignment of properties and event emissions follow typical Vue practices. No code injection, network communication, or system modification occurs. No evidence of malware or malicious intent is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a typical Vue component library for rating and dynamic form fields, with no malicious behavior detected. It uses standard patterns and external dependencies responsibly. There are no signs of supply chain attacks or sabotage within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}