{
  "purpose": "This code is part of a JavaScript library that provides Vue components for rating and form fields, such as a rating widget and a generic input component, intended for use in web applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component props (e.g., 'value', 'type', 'name') and attributes (via this.$attrs). It also reads the current script URL in the browser environment for setting the public path.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily manipulates DOM elements, emits events, and handles component data. It does not perform any network communication, file operations, or system modifications. There are no sinks that lead to data exfiltration or system compromise.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs (via v-model and event handlers) into component state ('mutatedValue') and propagates via emitted 'input' events. It also reads the script URL to determine resource paths. No external untrusted data flows into critical sinks that would lead to security issues.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes logic for generating unique component names and IDs, which could be exploited if combined with other malicious code. The presence of complex Webpack boilerplate and polyfills is typical for compiled Vue components and not suspicious. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are detected. The script uses standard Vue patterns and dependencies. There are no indications of obfuscation or malicious code snippets.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Vue component library implementing form and rating widgets. It uses typical patterns for component props, event emission, and attribute handling. It includes environment-specific logic for setting the public path based on the script URL, which is common in webpack bundles. The code does not perform any network operations, privilege escalation, or system modifications. It does include dependencies and polyfills for cross-browser compatibility but nothing that suggests malicious intent. All flows are typical for UI component code. No suspicious anomalies or anomalies that indicate sabotage are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate Vue component library for form inputs and rating widgets, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It only handles UI rendering, event management, and environment configuration typical of such libraries.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}