{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for web scraping, date handling, CSV serialization, file saving, DOM element selection, and stream merging, likely for data extraction or processing tasks.",
  "sources": "Input sources include URL strings for jsdom, data passed to functions like saveFile, and DOM elements for getCSSSelector and eventList.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include outputFile (file system), console.log, console.warn, and DOM querying/manipulation. No direct data leaks or network transmissions are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from URL or DOM inputs into functions that extract and process information, then potentially into file output or console logs. No evidence of untrusted data leading to harmful actions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are observed. The __await and __asyncGenerator functions are generated code typical for async/await transpilation. No obfuscated code or malicious behavior indicators are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily comprises utility functions for data manipulation, DOM querying, CSV serialization, and async stream handling. It uses external libraries (fs-extra, jsdom) for filesystem and DOM parsing. The function eventList uses jsdom to fetch and parse web pages, extracting event data based on provided selectors. The code does not perform network requests beyond URL fetching, nor does it include code for exfiltration, command execution, or malicious activity. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious patterns are found. The structure and style are typical for data scraping or processing scripts, with no signs of obfuscation or malware.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a standard utility library for web scraping and data processing. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided analysis. It is safe for use in terms of security, assuming external dependencies are trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}