{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive CSS-in-JS utility for styling, including token management, style processing, SSR support, and CSS rule generation. Its main purpose is to facilitate styling in JavaScript environments.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters such as style objects, token definitions, environment objects (window/document), and input strings (e.g., style values). Token values are read from the 'tokens' object; environment details are accessed via 'env' parameter.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include CSS rule insertion via 'sheet.insertRule', style string concatenation for rules, and class name generation. These are generally safe as they pertain to styling. No direct data leak or system effect is evident.",
  "flows": "Flow involves token resolution to CSS values, style object processing to generate CSS rules, and insertion of these rules into style sheets. Class name hashes are generated from style properties and inserted rules, then used for SSR or client-side styling.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network connections. The code is complex but focuses solely on CSS rule management, with no indications of privacy violations or unauthorized data access. No obfuscation or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured CSS-in-JS library, handling token resolution, style processing, CSS rule creation, and SSR support. It utilizes environment objects (window, document) but only for style sheet manipulation. No network activity, file access, or system modification code is present. The functions are standard for styling libraries, and no malicious patterns such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors are observed. The only potential concern could be dynamic CSS injection, which is common in styling libraries, but it is controlled and limited to style rule insertion.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate styling utility for JavaScript environments, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It strictly manages CSS rules and style tokens, without any network activity or data theft mechanisms. It is safe to use from a security standpoint.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}