{
  "purpose": "This code defines a complex CSS-in-JS utility for styling, theming, keyframes, SSR support, and utility functions related to style processing and caching.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables, document styles, token definitions, and user-provided style objects.",
  "sinks": "The code generates CSS rules, class names, and injects styles into style sheets or returns style strings; it does not directly interact with external untrusted inputs or network.",
  "flows": "Inputs from environment variables, tokens, and style objects are processed to generate CSS rules, class names, and style sheets; style objects are parsed and converted into CSS rules via functions like processStyleObject and createAtom.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code present. The code uses standard token and style management, with hashing functions for class name generation. No evidence of data leakage, remote connections, or system manipulation observed. No obfuscation or unusual language features beyond Babel transpilation helpers.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a CSS-in-JS utility that manages style tokens, style rules, caching, SSR, and theming. It includes functions for token resolution, style object processing, and style injection into style sheets. No suspicious network activity, system modifications, or malicious behavior are present. It relies on environment variables and document styles, which are standard. The hashing functions generate class names, and no dynamic code execution or external data transmission is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a well-structured CSS utility library for styling, theming, and SSR support. There are no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. It performs style processing and style sheet management securely and appropriately. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}