{
  "purpose": "This code defines a CSS-in-JS utility library for creating, managing, and rendering CSS styles, themes, and animations dynamically in JavaScript environments, supporting SSR and client-side rendering.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables, input style objects, tokens, theme definitions, media queries, and utility functions; it also reads existing style rules from style tags in the document during SSR and browser environments.",
  "sinks": "The code injects CSS rules into style sheets via insertRule, constructs class names, and generates style and keyframes rules. It outputs class names and styles for components, and can generate CSS strings for server-side rendering.",
  "flows": "Sources such as style objects, tokens, themes, environment variables, and existing style tags flow into functions that generate CSS rules, class names, and style sheets, which are then inserted into the DOM or returned as strings. The utility functions process these inputs, create and cache style atoms, and inject rules accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "The code is complex but does not contain suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network connections. It does perform environment detection and dynamic CSS injection. No unusual or malicious code patterns such as data exfiltration, system commands, or network activity are present. It properly scopes style injection and avoids eval or dynamic code execution. However, its complexity and dynamic nature could obscure malicious payloads if inserted externally, but internally no such behavior is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive CSS-in-JS utility with functions for token management, style processing, rule insertion, and SSR support. It constructs class names based on hashes, supports theming and animations, and manages style sheets in both server and client environments. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection beyond CSS rule insertion. All input processing appears focused on style generation, with environment detection used for SSR vs. client-side rendering. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. The overall logic aligns with standard CSS-in-JS practices, with extensive utility functions for style management.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a CSS-in-JS library for style generation, with no evident malicious intent or security risks. It handles style injection and theme management securely, with no signs of malware or sabotage. Its complexity and dynamic style creation are typical for such libraries and do not pose security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}