{
  "purpose": "This code is a Rollup configuration file designed to bundle a JavaScript module ('src/range-finder.js') into different formats (UMD and ESM) for distribution, applying plugins for module resolution, Babel transpilation, and minification.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the specified source file 'src/range-finder.js'. It also uses external plugins and dependencies such as '@rollup/plugin-node-resolve', '@rollup/plugin-babel', and 'rollup-plugin-uglify'.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks in this configuration where untrusted data is processed or where malicious code could be executed directly. The configuration deals solely with build processes and plugin usage.",
  "flows": "Input source files are processed through the resolve, Babel transpilation, and Uglify minification steps during the build, with no data flowing from untrusted sources into the code execution or network operations within this configuration.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard Rollup configuration. No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or anomalies are present. The use of Uglify suggests minification but is a common practice.",
  "analysis": "The script is a typical build configuration for bundling JavaScript code using Rollup. It imports standard plugins for resolving modules, transpiling with Babel, and minifying with Uglify. The build process generates bundled files in UMD and ES module formats. No dynamic code execution, network operations, or suspicious logic are present. The configuration does not process user input or perform any runtime operations that could be malicious. All plugin usage and configurations are standard for such build scripts.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward build configuration for bundling a JavaScript module. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious anomalies, and appears to be a safe, standard setup for preparing a library for distribution.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}