{
  "purpose": "This code appears to implement a CSS selector merging utility, aimed at optimizing CSS rules by merging selectors and rules when safe to do so, based on vendor prefixes, browser compatibility, and rule structure.",
  "sources": "The code reads CSS rule objects, particularly their selectors, nodes (properties and values), and parent rule information. It also imports external modules for compatibility checks and parent rule analysis.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks are identified that could leak data, execute code injection, or perform harmful actions. The code primarily manipulates CSS rule structures.",
  "flows": "Data flows from rule selectors and properties into merging functions which combine or filter rules based on vendor prefixes, compatibility, and structure. No untrusted external data influences control flow or executes malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code does include a commented-out debug function, but this does not impact functionality or security. No suspicious network activity, system commands, or privacy violations are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a CSS optimizer focusing on merging style rules where safe, considering vendor prefixes and browser compatibility. It uses imported modules for compatibility checks and parent rule identification. The functions for prefix filtering, vendor comparison, and rule merging are straightforward. The code does not perform any network operations, file system interactions, or execute any code that could be malicious. It also does not obfuscate or minify intentionally; it is readable and structured logically. The presence of imported modules and standard CSS rule manipulations suggests it is part of a CSS optimization pipeline. There are no signs of malware or malicious behavior. The code is well-structured for its purpose, with no suspicious or anomalous activities.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a CSS rule merging utility that safely optimizes CSS by merging compatible rules and selectors. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware, and there are no security risks associated with its logic. The overall security risk is minimal, and confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}