{
  "purpose": "The provided code implements a Svelte-based progress bar component with associated utility functions for DOM manipulation, component lifecycle management, and state handling.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include component properties such as color, width, minimum, maximum, and configuration options for animation; DOM nodes accessed via document.createElement, getAttribute, and appendChild; internal state variables and timers for progress updates.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM attribute modifications (style, class), setInterval calls for animation, and property updates that could affect visual rendering or timing.",
  "flows": "Source properties (color, width, configuration) influence style attributes; timers invoke getIncrement and width adjustments; style and class updates respond to state changes, affecting DOM rendering; no external data flows or network activities are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are detected. The code performs standard DOM and component lifecycle operations. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. No dynamic execution or external network connections are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines a progress bar component with methods to start, stop, reset, and complete progress animations. Utility functions handle DOM creation and manipulation safely. The component's internal logic involves timers and state updates for visual progress, with style and class updates based on component properties. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, network communication, or backdoors. All operations are confined to local DOM updates and component state management. The code appears to be a legitimate UI component without security concerns.",
  "conclusion": "This code constitutes a standard implementation of a Svelte progress bar component with utility functions. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior and poses no significant security risks. It is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}