{
  "purpose": "The provided code defines a set of utility functions and a Svelte component for rendering and controlling a progress bar, including animation controls and styling. The purpose appears to be creating a customizable progress indicator in a web application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from component props such as 'color', 'width', 'minimum', 'maximum', 'settleTime', 'intervalTime', and 'stepSizes'. It also reads DOM elements and styles internally. No external input sources are evident beyond standard component props.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates DOM elements to set attributes, styles, and classes. No sinks directly process untrusted external data for security-critical operations. There are no network operations, file writes, or other sensitive data sinks.",
  "flows": "Component props such as 'color' and 'width' influence style attributes. Internal functions control animation flow, updating 'width' and style variables. No data flows from external sources to dangerous sinks; the flows are confined to DOM updates based on component state.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code, obfuscated parts, or hardcoded secrets are detected. The code follows typical Svelte component patterns and utility functions. No backdoors, malicious logic, or suspicious behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Svelte component with helper functions that manage DOM elements and component lifecycle. It implements a progress bar with animated behavior controlled by interval timers, updating style attributes for visual feedback. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or sabotage. The functions used are typical for UI rendering, and all data flows are limited to visual updates. No network activity, system commands, or sensitive data handling are present. The code appears to be a legitimate UI component with no suspicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a progress bar component with animation features. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious external data handling, and adheres to standard practices. There is a very low malware possibility, and security risks are minimal. Overall, the code is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}