{
  "purpose": "This code defines multiple Vue.js components, styles, and utilities for a UI library, including cards, navbars, sidebars, icons, inputs, loaders, modals, and pagination. It facilitates component registration and export for use in Vue applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from component props, internal data, event handlers, and imported modules. No external data sources or input streams are explicitly read.",
  "sinks": "The code emits events (e.g., input, page-selected) and interacts with DOM elements for user inputs and UI updates. No data is transmitted over network or stored locally within this code segment.",
  "flows": "User interactions such as clicking buttons or inputs trigger component methods that update internal state or emit events. Event handlers manage state changes and UI rendering without external data flow manipulation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. No unusual dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or attempts to access sensitive system information are present. The code appears to be a standard Vue component library with no malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of Vue component definitions with normal structure: props, data, methods, computed properties, and templates. It imports external modules (vue-currency-input, flatpickr, localization files) in a typical manner. No suspicious code, such as network requests to unknown domains, data exfiltration, or cryptomining scripts, is detected. Event handling is standard, and style injections are conventional. The code is not minified or obfuscated; it is well-structured and readable. The component functionalities align with common UI patterns, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate Vue.js component library aimed at UI development. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The overall security risk score is very low.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}