{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Vue.js plugin with components for UI elements such as buttons and glass boxes, and sets up module definitions for different environments. It mainly loads and registers Vue components, manages styles, and facilitates component usage in projects.",
  "sources": "External modules (vue, core-js, other polyfills), component definitions, style imports, and plugin installation functions.",
  "sinks": "Component registration, DOM manipulation (focus directive), style application, router navigation, and environment setup.",
  "flows": "Component import -> plugin install function -> Vue component registration -> usage in Vue app; Style import -> component rendering; Router push on button click.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code relies entirely on standard Vue component patterns, polyfills, and module exports. No network connections, data leaks, or reverse shells are present. Style imports are typical for Vue projects. No unusual variables or code execution methods are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with UMD wrapper for cross-environment compatibility, importing Vue and other dependencies. It defines Vue components such as a button and a glass box, including their templates, styles, and logic. The plugin installation function registers components and a focus directive. There are no indications of obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or malicious network activity. All code appears standard and related to UI component library setup. The presence of polyfills and style imports are typical for frontend component packages. No signals of malware like data theft, hidden backdoors, or system damage are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard Vue.js plugin for UI components, with no evidence of malicious behavior or supply chain attack vectors. It functions as a typical component library with environment-agnostic module setup and component registration. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}