{
  "purpose": "This code performs feature detection for various HTML and Canvas capabilities, primarily related to SVG rendering, CORS, and environment-specific behaviors. It is likely used for compatibility checks in a graphics or rendering library.",
  "sources": "The code reads from the 'document' object for creating elements and SVG data URLs. It also reads image source URLs and browser environment properties such as 'crossOrigin' and 'responseType'.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write untrusted data to sensitive sinks. It creates images, canvases, and performs drawImage operations, but these are part of feature detection and do not directly lead to data leakage or execution of malicious code.",
  "flows": "The flow involves creating DOM elements and images, then attempting to draw images onto canvases to test support for features. No data flows from untrusted sources into sinks that could cause security issues; the main flow is testing environment capabilities.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically defines properties on the FEATURES object using getters and modifies its own properties during runtime. The 'testBase64' function resolves promises based on canvas and image operations, which is standard for feature testing. No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code conducts feature detection by creating DOM elements, images, and canvases, then performing operations such as drawing images and converting canvases to data URLs. It checks for support of range bounds, SVG drawing, base64 images, foreignObject rendering, CORS image support, and responseType support. All functions perform legitimate feature detection without executing or executing any malicious payloads. The dynamic property definitions via getters are standard pattern for lazy evaluation of feature support. No signs of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or backdoors are observed.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard feature detection utility for browser graphics capabilities. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or malicious intent. It only tests environment support for various rendering features, with no suspicious or dangerous actions detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}