{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom web component for a linear progress bar, intended for UI display purposes, including animation and style handling.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include properties such as 'indeterminate', 'progress', 'buffer', 'reverse', 'closed', and 'ariaLabel'. External styles are applied via style properties and CSS classes. ResizeObserver reads element dimensions.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks in this code that lead untrusted data to leak or perform unsafe actions. No network or system operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input properties influence CSS classes and inline styles for rendering the progress bar, but there are no data flows from untrusted sources to sinks that affect system security or leak data.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains standard property setters, a resize observer, and rendering logic typical for web components. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are detected. No obfuscated or suspicious code structures are present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a LitElement-based custom progress bar component. It manages state properties, updates styles dynamically based on dimensions, and responds to lifecycle events. The resize observer calculates style properties for animation. No malicious intent or malicious code patterns such as network communication, file access, or system manipulation are present. The use of internal properties and standard JavaScript features aligns with common UI component development. The import statements and licensing comments are standard, with no suspicious external dependencies or hidden code.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward UI component for a progress bar with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is well-structured and uses common patterns without any malicious or suspicious elements.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}