{
  "purpose": "Web scraping Bing search and image results, parsing HTML content to extract titles, links, descriptions, and image data.",
  "sources": "HTTP response body from Bing search pages, DOM elements such as search result containers, pagination links, and image result containers.",
  "sinks": "Parsed data stored in result objects; no untrusted data flows into system commands or sensitive areas; network requests are standard for scraping.",
  "flows": "HTTP response body -> cheerio DOM parsing -> extraction of result titles, links, descriptions, images -> storage in result arrays; pagination links -> subsequent URL fetches.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of duplicate 'normalizeText' functions; use of 'for-in' loops over DOM collections; no malicious code or obfuscation detected; standard web scraping pattern.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical web scraping operations with standard libraries ('got' and 'cheerio'). The duplicate 'normalizeText' functions are likely an oversight but do not introduce security issues. The use of 'for-in' loops over cheerio collections is not ideal but does not pose a security risk. No hardcoded credentials, malicious network activity, or obfuscated code are present. Inputs such as URLs and cookies are used for legitimate HTTP requests. Overall, the code is benign, with no evidence of malicious behavior or backdoors. The assigned malware score of 0 and obfuscated score of 0 are justified. The security risk score of 0.2 reflects minor concerns about external inputs but is appropriate for this context.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard, benign web scraper for Bing search results. No malicious activity, backdoors, or obfuscation are detected. The scores of malware=0, obfuscated=0, and risk=0.2 are justified and consistent with the code's behavior. Minor code duplication does not impact security. Overall, the code is safe for use in controlled environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}