{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to scrape search results and image results from Bing search engine, normalize text content, and remove duplicates from result arrays.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as 'href' (URL to fetch), 'info' object containing cookies, user agent, language, referrer, and 'array' in 'normalizeText'. It reads data from network responses and DOM elements.",
  "sinks": "Network requests via 'got' to fetch Bing pages; data extraction from HTML DOM; JSON parsing of image data; and callback invocations with results. No untrusted data directly affecting sensitive system components.",
  "flows": "Input parameters provide data for HTTP requests; network responses are parsed, and extracted data flows into result objects; normalized text flows from DOM elements into output; data flows from HTTP response bodies through cheerio parsing into JavaScript objects.",
  "anomalies": "Repeated 'normalizeText' function definition; use of 'for-in' loops over DOM elements which may be non-iterable; no obvious malicious behavior; code structures are consistent with web scraping. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors detected. No suspicious obfuscation or code anomalies.",
  "analysis": "The code performs HTTP requests to Bing with custom headers, retrieves search and image results, parses HTML DOM elements to extract titles, links, descriptions, and image metadata. The functions handle pagination by extracting 'prev' and 'next' page URLs. It also includes a duplicate removal utility. All operations are standard for web scraping; no indications of malicious actions such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system manipulation. The code respects user-supplied data, uses standard libraries, and does not exhibit malicious obfuscation or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a web scraper for Bing search results, with no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It operates within the scope of data retrieval and processing. There are no anomalies or malicious behaviors detected, and the overall security profile is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}