{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to scrape search results and image results from Bing using HTTP requests, parse the HTML responses, and extract specific information such as titles, URLs, descriptions, and image metadata.",
  "sources": "HTTP request responses obtained via 'got' to specified URLs, including cookies and headers from input parameters, as well as DOM elements selected using cheerio.",
  "sinks": "Parsing functions that extract data from HTML elements and potentially store or display this information; network requests made with 'got' that could send or receive data, but there is no evidence of data exfiltration or malicious network activity.",
  "flows": "Input data (URLs, cookies, headers) flow into HTTP requests; responses are parsed for specific DOM elements; extracted data flows into result objects; no evident malicious data manipulation or malicious data flow observed.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of duplicate functions named 'normalizeText' with identical implementation, which suggests possible redundant code or oversight. No hardcoded credentials or sensitive secrets detected. The code uses standard libraries and appears to perform typical scraping tasks. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The script performs web scraping by making HTTP GET requests to Bing URLs with custom headers, including optional cookies. It parses the HTML responses using cheerio, extracting search results and image results. The functions handle pagination links and remove duplicates from result arrays. No suspicious network activity, code injection, or data exfiltration routines are present. The redundant 'normalizeText' function indicates possible code duplication but no malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to perform standard web scraping functions without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward web scraper for Bing search and image results. It does not contain any malicious or sabotage code. The presence of duplicate functions is likely an oversight rather than malicious activity. No suspicious network activity or backdoors are detected. Overall, the script is benign with respect to security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}