{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for scraping search results and images from Bing search engine pages, including handling pagination, deduplicating results, and normalizing text content.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as href, info object (containing cookies, user agent, language, ref), and response body from 'got' requests.",
  "sinks": "Processing cheerio-loaded DOM elements, JSON parsing of embedded data, and callback functions that handle the results, potentially including untrusted input from the web responses.",
  "flows": "HTTP requests via 'got' fetch Bing pages; response body parsed with cheerio; data extracted and normalized; results assembled into objects; callbacks invoked with results. No evident flow of untrusted data into system commands or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. Text normalization functions are duplicated but benign. The code fetches and processes web content responsibly, with no evident malicious payloads or code injections. The duplicate 'normalizeText' function is redundant but harmless.",
  "analysis": "The code securely performs HTTP requests with proper headers, including optional cookies, to Bing search result pages. It uses cheerio to parse HTML, extracting titles, links, descriptions, and pagination URLs. It employs JSON parsing on embedded data in image results. No signs of data leakage, code injection, or malicious behavior are present. The duplicate normalization function is a minor inefficiency but not malicious. The overall structure avoids executing untrusted code or system commands. No external malware indicators or suspicious network activity are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard web scraping module for Bing search results with no detectable malicious intent or security risks. It handles data carefully, avoiding dangerous operations. No malware, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}