{
  "purpose": "The code implements a custom stylized select dropdown component with search, multi-select, and auxiliary controls for an HTML select element.",
  "sources": "Reads from the DOM via document.querySelectorAll(selector), accesses original <select> elements and their options, and reads data-attributes like dataset.description.",
  "sinks": "Modifies the DOM by creating and appending elements, setting styles, and updating attributes; dispatches 'change' events on the original select element.",
  "flows": "User interactions (clicks, input, focus) trigger event listeners that update the DOM and the original select element's state; updates are reflected through event dispatching and DOM modifications.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are evident. The code uses standard DOM methods, event handling, and straightforward logic for UI manipulation. There are no dynamically executed code strings, obfuscated patterns, or network requests.",
  "analysis": "The script thoroughly constructs a custom select component, replacing native <select> elements with styled divs, inputs, and checkboxes. It handles multiple options, optgroups, search filtering, and control buttons. Event listeners are appropriately scoped and do not perform external network operations, data exfiltration, or malicious actions. The only notable actions involve updating the DOM and dispatching change events, which are expected behaviors. There are no signs of malicious code such as data theft, remote code execution, or unauthorized network access. The code is clear, well-structured, and lacks obfuscation. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate UI enhancement library without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a custom select dropdown component for UI enhancement. It does not contain any malicious behaviors, malware, or security risks based on the provided code. The code is safe, with no indicators of supply chain attacks or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}