{
  "purpose": "The code implements a custom styled dropdown replacement for HTML <select> elements, enhancing user interaction with search, multi-select, and toggle features.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from HTML <select>, <option>, and <optgroup> elements, as well as user interactions via input fields, checkboxes, and buttons.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if user input is mishandled; however, the code primarily manipulates DOM elements and event dispatching, with no evident direct data exfiltration points.",
  "flows": "User inputs (search box input, checkbox toggles, button clicks) influence DOM updates, selection states, and visual elements; no data is transmitted externally within this code.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code uses standard event handling, DOM manipulation, and class management. No obfuscated or unusual language features are used. There are no hidden network requests or code that appears to send data elsewhere. The code is structured, comments are straightforward, and all operations pertain to UI behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a custom dropdown component to replace standard <select> elements with enhanced features like search, multi-selection, and toggle all. It reads from the DOM's <select>, <option>, and <optgroup> elements to generate a styled interface. User interactions are captured through event listeners, which update DOM states and dispatch 'change' events on the original <select>. No external network requests, data collection, or file system operations are implemented. The logic for filtering options, toggling selections, and updating counters is standard and safe. The code does not perform any hidden or malicious actions such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoor access. It relies solely on DOM manipulation and event dispatching, with no suspicious external dependencies or obfuscated segments.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured UI enhancement for <select> elements with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs typical UI operations related to dropdown customization and selection handling without any external data transmission or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}