{
  "purpose": "The code implements an SDK for secure communication with a remote server, including login, token management, data publishing, subscription to data sources, and secure message exchange using RSA and AES encryption.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from userData during login, token, refreshToken, and from network responses (HTTP responses, socket messages), as well as data from socket events.",
  "sinks": "Sends data via HTTP requests, socket emissions, and encryption functions. Handles sensitive data such as tokens, keys, and encrypted payloads.",
  "flows": "User inputs (login data) flow into HTTP requests; tokens are stored and used in subsequent requests; data payloads are encrypted with AES, then AES keys encrypted with RSA; encrypted data is transmitted to server; socket subscriptions and messages decrypt incoming data using stored RSA private keys.",
  "anomalies": "The code generates and exports RSA keys, encrypts data before sending, and manages tokens securely. No obvious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors detected. Logging includes error messages but no suspicious data leaks. The code does not appear to send data to unknown or suspicious domains, only the specified SERVER_URL. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation observed. Encryption methods use standard algorithms and key management practices. No signs of malicious privacy violations, credential theft, or information leaks. No code appears intentionally malicious or sabotage in nature.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical SDK implementing secure communication with a backend server. It manages tokens, encrypts data using AES, encrypts AES keys with RSA, and uses socket.io for real-time communication. All cryptographic operations follow standard practices with proper key generation, import, and export functions. HTTP requests include authorization headers and handle responses appropriately. There are no indications of data exfiltration, unauthorized data leaks, or malicious payloads. No suspicious behavior such as contacting unknown domains, mining activities, or system manipulation. The structure appears well-organized, with clear separation of concerns. Cryptographic functions use the Web Crypto API correctly. No signs of obfuscation or hidden malicious code detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured SDK for secure communication with a specified server. It employs standard cryptographic practices and handles sensitive data securely. No evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware was found. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets beyond cryptographic keys, which are properly generated at runtime. Overall, the code shows low suspicion for malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}