{
  "purpose": "The code is intended to draw a skeletal structure on a canvas using pose data, with functions to draw arcs and lines to represent bones and joints.",
  "sources": "The code reads pose data (array of points), configuration options, and possibly canvas context input.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks for untrusted data; drawing functions use pose data to render graphics. No network or file operations are performed.",
  "flows": "Pose data flows from input into drawing functions via coordinate processing, with no evidence of data being sent elsewhere or executed dynamically.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses an extension of String.prototype with a method 'colorRgb' from an imported module, which could potentially be malicious if that method contains harmful code. The import of 'colorRgb' and its direct assignment to String.prototype may pose a risk, especially if the imported function is untrusted or malicious. Other than that, the code is straightforward and performs graphical rendering based on data.",
  "analysis": "The code imports functions from external modules ('comm' and 'draw_cicle', 'draw_line') and extends String.prototype with a 'colorRgb' method, which could be a vector for malicious behavior if that method is compromised. The core functions draw a skeleton based on pose data, which is standard. No network, file, or system modification code is present. The 'filterArray' function processes pose data to filter and calculate mean positions, which is benign. Overall, the code appears to perform legitimate graphical rendering tasks without evident malicious behavior. The main concern is the modification of String.prototype, which could be exploited if the imported 'colorRgb' function is malicious or untrusted.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily renders skeletal structures based on pose data. The only suspicious element is the extension of String.prototype with an external function, which could be a vector for malicious code if that function is compromised. There are no network activities, data exfiltration, or system modifications observed. Overall, the code seems safe but warrants verification of the imported 'colorRgb' implementation.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 5
}