{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to draw a skeleton representation on a canvas, including functions for drawing arcs, lines, and filtering pose data based on confidence points.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'pose' array parameter, and configuration options from 'option'. It also accesses 'ctx' for drawing context and imports functions from other modules.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include drawing functions ('drawArc', 'drawLine') which render visual elements on the canvas, but these are standard for visualization. No data is sent over the network or written to files.",
  "flows": "Input pose data flows into filtering functions and then into drawing functions, which render visual elements. Data transformations are straightforward and used solely for visualization.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code or hardcoded secrets are present. The prototype extension of String with 'colorRgb' is typical for utility purposes. The code relies on external modules for drawing and color conversion. No dynamic code execution, eval, or suspicious string manipulations are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs visualization of pose data on a canvas, with functions to draw arcs and lines for skeleton joints and connections. It filters pose points to skip invalid entries, then renders concentric circles and lines for each valid joint and connection. All data flows are benign and used for rendering only. No network activity, file access, or system manipulation code is present. The only notable aspect is the extension of String.prototype, which is a common pattern for utility enhancement but does not pose a security risk. Overall, the code contains no malicious behavior or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard visualization module with no signs of malicious intent or security vulnerabilities. It solely renders pose skeletons on a canvas based on input data, with no network, storage, or system manipulation involved.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}