{
  "purpose": "This code implements a JavaScript class for connecting to a blockchain or distributed ledger network via HTTP API endpoints, allowing retrieval and submission of blocks, transactions, assets, and metadata.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as node URLs, headers, transaction details, block heights, transaction IDs, and search strings.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can reach network request functions via the _req method, including URL paths, query parameters, and request bodies, which are sent to external endpoints.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (nodes, transaction data, IDs, search terms) flow into the normalizeNode method (for URL and headers processing) and are used in HTTP request functions (e.g., _req, postTransaction) to communicate with remote servers.",
  "anomalies": "The code is largely standard, utilizing established practices for API communication. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No suspicious network connections or malicious code patterns detected. The only notable aspect is the extensive use of Babel runtime helpers and dynamic URL construction, which is typical in transpiled code but does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Connection class for interacting with a blockchain API, with methods to retrieve blocks, transactions, assets, and metadata, as well as post transactions. It validates headers against a blacklist, normalizes node URLs, and constructs request options for network calls. No embedded secrets, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. The code's purpose aligns with typical SDK or client library functions, with no signs of malicious behavior. It performs input validation for headers and constructs API URLs securely. All network interactions depend on provided inputs; no hardcoded or sensitive data is present. The code structure and function do not contain obfuscated or malicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a standard API client implementation for a blockchain network, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs expected data processing and network communication tasks without any suspicious or malicious patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}