{
  "purpose": "The code implements a JavaScript client for connecting to a blockchain node API, allowing retrieval and submission of blockchain data such as blocks, transactions, assets, and metadata.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration parameters such as nodes, headers, and transaction data passed to class methods. It also reads API endpoint templates and request options within methods.",
  "sinks": "Network request method 'forwardRequest' via 'this.transport', especially when calling API endpoints like transactions, blocks, outputs, etc., with user-supplied parameters (blockHeight, transactionId, search terms).",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., node URLs, headers, transaction objects) flows into object construction and method calls, which then invoke 'forwardRequest' with constructed URLs and request options, including potentially user-controlled parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns detected. The code strictly manages API URL templates, headers, and request parameters without any obfuscated code or hidden behaviors. No hardcoded credentials or malicious payloads are present. Header blacklist prevents setting reserved headers.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard API client implementation with methods for interacting with blockchain node endpoints. It sanitizes headers by disallowing reserved headers, normalizes node URLs, and constructs API requests based on provided parameters. There are no signs of malicious logic, backdoors, or data exfiltration. The use of external libraries is for polyfills and helpers, not for malicious purposes. No code injection, data leakage, or suspicious network activity is evident beyond legitimate API interactions. The structure and format are clear and conventional.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured API client for blockchain interactions with no detectable malicious intent or malware. It handles request construction securely without suspicious behavior. Overall, it poses no security threat.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}