{
  "purpose": "The script processes .njk template files by rendering them with provided data and saving the output to a destination directory, facilitating static site generation or template rendering workflows.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from a JSON file specified by dataPath; reads template files (.njk) from the templates directory.",
  "sinks": "Writes rendered output files to the destination directory using fs.outputFileSync.",
  "flows": "Data is read from the data file and used as context for rendering templates. Templates are matched via glob, processed, and results are written to disk.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious code, or unusual code patterns detected. Uses external rendering function which might have its own risks but not inspectable here. No obfuscated or malicious code observed.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard modules and third-party packages, including 'fs-extra' for file operations and 'glob' for pattern matching. It reads input data from a user-specified JSON file, then processes all '.njk' template files in the specified directory, ignoring partials starting with underscore. For each template, it renders content using a renderer obtained via getRenderer and combined with htmlColors and data, then outputs the result to the target directory. The process involves reading user-supplied paths and data, but does not involve executing untrusted code or system commands. No indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration activities are present. The code relies on external renderer functions, but based on this code alone, no malicious actions are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard static template processing script with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It performs legitimate file reading and writing operations based on user input. No malware or security risks are identified within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}