{
  "purpose": "This code implements a lightweight JSON-RPC server framework for handling remote procedure calls, with error handling, method registration, and request processing.",
  "sources": "Request object passed to process(request, app2, ...[context]), app2.config.onError for error handling, method.schema.parse for parameter validation, method.handler for executing methods.",
  "sinks": "Returning responses via reply(), invoking app2.config.onError() which may execute external code, parsing request.params via method.schema.parse, executing method.handler with user-provided data.",
  "flows": "Request object → process() retrieves method and parameters → method.handler executes user-defined code → errors or results are returned via reply()",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The code relies on user-defined handlers and schemas, which could be sources of malicious logic if handlers are malicious, but this is expected in plugin architecture.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an error code map, a reply function for formatting responses, and a LiteRPCError class for custom errors. The process() function handles incoming RPC requests by locating the method, parsing parameters, executing the handler, and managing errors. The createLiteRPC() function provides factory methods for creating an app instance and registering methods via group(). Methods are added with name, schema, and handler, with checks to prevent duplicate names. Error handling involves invoking app2.config.onError() with caught errors, which could potentially execute external code if misused, but no specific malicious code is present. The overall structure appears to be a standard, safe RPC server implementation. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data leaks. The code is well-structured and relies on external user-defined handlers and schemas, which could be malicious if those are malicious, but this is outside the scope of this review.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a lightweight JSON-RPC framework with no obvious malicious behavior or sabotage. The main potential risk lies in the user-defined handler functions and error handlers, which are outside the scope of this static review. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious network activity are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}