{
  "purpose": "This code implements a lightweight JSON-RPC server with error handling, method registration, and request processing.",
  "sources": "Request object input in process(request, app2, ...[context]) and app2.request(request, ...context). The request method's parameters are parsed via method.schema.parse(request.params).",
  "sinks": "Potential sink occurs when method.handler is invoked with parsed params. The handler's result is returned or sent back as a response. Error handling involves app2.config.onError, which could potentially process untrusted errors.",
  "flows": "Input request -> process() extracts method -> method.schema.parse(request.params) (source) -> method.handler(data) (sink) -> result or error (sink) -> reply() (sink). Error handling with app2.config.onError(e) can process untrusted errors.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are detected. The code appears standard for a JSON-RPC implementation. The use of dynamic method addition and merging is typical but could be misused if methods are maliciously added, yet this is expected behavior. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines error codes and custom error class LiteRPCError. The process function handles JSON-RPC requests, finds methods, parses parameters, and executes handlers with proper error handling. createLiteRPC constructs an RPC server with method registration and merging capabilities. Methods are added with schemas and handlers, and errors are managed via try-catch blocks, including a custom onError callback. No code injection, malicious data leaks, or external network activity is present. The structure is straightforward, and no hardcoded secrets or suspicious operations are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a standard lightweight JSON-RPC server implementation. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms. The dynamic method registration and error handling are typical features. No malware signals or security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}