{
  "purpose": "This code defines various constants, enums, default configurations, and style objects for a JavaScript visualization or graph library. It sets up trigger types, event types, view types, layer IDs, styles, and default options used in the application.",
  "sources": "Data is read from imported modules (e.g., './layouts') and within functions that access or generate style/content (e.g., getContent in tooltip). No external or untrusted input sources are evident in this fragment.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that handle data display (e.g., getContent), style objects, and API method placeholders. However, these are just definitions; actual execution or data flow is not demonstrated here.",
  "flows": "The code primarily consists of static definitions and default configurations without dynamic data flows or source-to-sink paths. No actual data processing or untrusted data handling occurs in this snippet.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The functions are standard, and the style/content definitions are typical. The code includes comprehensive enums and default options without suspicious patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward collection of constants, enums, and default configuration objects used for visualization. The TriggerType, EventType, ViewType, and style objects are standard and do not contain dynamic or malicious code. The only functions are getters for content and default behavior placeholders, which are safe. There is no obfuscated or minified code, no dynamic execution, and no external data manipulation beyond simple style and configuration setup.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a configuration and constants module for a visualization library. It appears safe, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It does not handle untrusted data dynamically, nor does it perform any suspicious operations. Overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}