{
  "purpose": "This code defines constants, enums, configuration options, and style objects for a JavaScript visualization library, likely related to graph or network visualization. It sets up trigger types, event types, style attributes, default options, and interface stubs for layout and interaction handling.",
  "sources": "Constants, enum definitions, configuration objects, and style object declarations. No input or data reading functions are present.",
  "sinks": "No sinks or dangerous functions are explicitly called. The code only defines static data structures and empty interface methods.",
  "flows": "No data flows from untrusted sources to sinks. The only data handling involves default configuration and style settings without dynamic or user-input-driven data processing.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious constructs are present. The code appears to be a standard configuration module with type definitions. No dynamic execution, obfuscated code, or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily sets up enums for trigger types, event types, view types, layer IDs, and style attributes. It also defines default options for layout, tooltip, node, and edge styles, along with interface stubs that are meant to be overridden. The style objects and configuration options are static and do not include any executable code that could perform malicious actions. The only noteworthy point is that the layout worker script URL is hosted on a CDN, which is common for distributed layout computations but should be verified for trustworthiness. Overall, the code is standard, static configuration with no indications of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a static configuration and type definition module for a visualization library, with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It contains no dynamic input handling, data leaks, or harmful actions. The presence of an external script URL warrants a trust check, but this alone does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}