{
  "purpose": "This code generates SVG triangle art based on various procedural and gradient techniques, using geometric and noise-based algorithms.",
  "sources": "Inputs are read from function parameters (options object), including seed, size, grid mode, and color options; also external modules like 'seedrandom', 'delaunator', 'object-hash', 'chroma-js', 'svg.js', and local modules for Poisson disc sampling and Perlin noise.",
  "sinks": "SVG drawing commands and gradient definitions, which are used to render visual output. No direct data leaks or sensitive data are written or transmitted.",
  "flows": "Options are used to seed RNG, generate points via different grid modes, triangulate points, assign colors based on gradient functions, and render SVG elements. There are source-to-sink flows from options input and procedural point generation to final SVG output.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for procedural SVG art; no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. External modules are used responsibly for noise, triangulation, hashing, and color processing. The only minor concern is dynamic require in browser mode, which is standard practice, not malicious. No obfuscated or misleading code, no hidden network calls, data exfiltration, or system modifications observed.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a procedural SVG generator with configurable parameters. It uses seedrandom for reproducible randomness, which is seeded from input options. Point generation varies by grid mode, including square, triangle, Poisson disc, or override. Triangles are triangulated via 'delaunator'. Colors are assigned based on gradient functions or static palette, with optional gradient overlays. No external network calls, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code is focused on rendering SVG images without malicious intent. Usage of external libraries is standard for such graphic generation tasks. No anomalies indicating malware or sabotage are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a procedural SVG art generator with configurable options and no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It utilizes external libraries responsibly for geometric and color processing, and no hidden or harmful actions are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}