{
  "purpose": "The code generates SVG triangle art based on various grid modes and color schemes, utilizing procedural noise and triangulation algorithms.",
  "sources": "Reads input options (seed, dimensions, grid mode, color palette, etc.), and uses external libraries (seedrandom, Delaunator, object-hash, chroma-js, svg.js, custom modules). No explicit input/output data streams observed.",
  "sinks": "Outputs SVG string via 'draw.svg()' with no apparent untrusted data effect; no direct data leaks or network activity present.",
  "flows": "Input options influence RNG, point generation, and color calculations; these parameters flow into triangle point calculations, triangulation, color determination, and SVG output. No external data flows outside the package are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. Use of dynamic code generation or eval-like functions is absent. The only external dependencies are standard libraries; no obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution detected. The code contains a single instance of a potentially misspelled variable 'gridOverridde' which appears to be a typo but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script is a procedural SVG generator utilizing established libraries and algorithms. It reads configuration options, generates points based on selected grid mode, triangulates points, assigns colors via gradient functions or solid colors, and outputs SVG markup. No code segments perform network requests, file manipulations, or hidden data exfiltration. The only potential concern is the use of external modules, but they are standard for such tasks. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are evident. The code appears straightforward with no malicious intent or malware-like behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate SVG triangle art generator with no evidence of malicious behavior. It relies on external libraries for triangulation, color management, and noise functions. No suspicious or harmful code patterns are present. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}