{
  "purpose": "The code implements a client library for managing 'SuperAsset10' tokens on a Bitcoin SV blockchain, including creation, transfer, melting, and deployment functions, utilizing cryptographic operations and network interactions.",
  "sources": "Network requests via axios to UTXO URLs and miner API; data inputs from function parameters such as addresses, private keys, public keys, and payloads; internal cryptographic functions and transaction assembly.",
  "sinks": "Network transmission of raw transactions to miner API; console logging for debugging; cryptographic signing of transactions; script assembly for blockchain operations.",
  "flows": "Input data (addresses, keys, payloads) flow into transaction creation functions; transactions are signed and assembled; signed transactions are sent over the network via miner API; cryptographic functions process private keys to generate signatures; payload data flows into scripts; transaction hashes and outpoints are derived and used as asset IDs.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive console.log statements for debugging purposes, which could potentially expose sensitive data if logs are accessed maliciously. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The use of 'window' to expose 'superasset' object suggests potential exposure in browser environments, but it is standard practice. The code employs cryptographic functions correctly without obvious misuses. No suspicious or backdoor code is detected; the functions follow expected blockchain asset management logic.",
  "analysis": "Step 1: The code primarily provides methods to create, deploy, transfer, and melt assets on a Bitcoin SV network. It uses network requests to fetch UTXOs and push transactions, cryptographic functions for signing, and standard transaction assembly. Step 2: No hardcoded secrets or credentials are visible; private keys are passed as parameters, following expected security practices. Step 3: The network interactions are legitimate API calls for blockchain operations; no suspicious domains or data exfiltration patterns are detected. Step 4: Console logs could leak sensitive info if exposed in production, but this is a development/debug feature, not malicious behavior. Step 5: The code does not perform any self-modifying, obfuscated, or malicious actions like data exfiltration, system modification, or reverse shell activities. It adheres to the normal flow of blockchain asset handling. Step 6: There are no signs of malicious backdoors, hidden functionalities, or malicious code injections. The only potential concern is exposure of logs containing sensitive data, which is a development concern, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard blockchain asset management library with no indications of malicious behavior or malware. It handles cryptographic signing, network requests, and transaction assembly appropriately. The presence of debug logs warrants caution in production but does not constitute malicious activity. Overall, the package appears safe with a low malware probability.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}