{
  "purpose": "This module provides utility functions for configuring and validating SSH connection parameters and processing strings and file sizes for use in the grunt-ssh plugin.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the 'options' parameter in 'parseConnectionOptions' (host, port, username, privateKey, passphrase, password, agent, debug_ssh2) and from arguments in validation functions (name, string, number).",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted input (like 'privateKey' or 'password') is mishandled or exposed; however, in this context, they are used internally for connection setup, not output. The only output sink is 'grunt.log.writeln' in debug mode, which is for logging messages.",
  "flows": "Input options are validated and then used to build 'connectionOptions' for SSH connections, including handling sensitive data such as private keys and passwords. 'debug_ssh2' can lead to log output if enabled, potentially exposing debug messages.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code performs standard validation and processing. The 'privateKey' and 'passphrase' are trimmed before use but are not stored or transmitted insecurely within this code snippet. Logging debug messages could expose internal info if debug is enabled.",
  "analysis": "The code validates input parameters for SSH connection setup, ensuring they are strings or numbers, and processes templates. It constructs connection options with sensitive data such as private keys, passphrases, and passwords, but does not appear to leak or transmit them maliciously. The debug logging can reveal messages but does not itself introduce malicious behavior. The fileSizeReadable function safely converts byte sizes into human-readable formats. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The module appears to be a standard utility library for SSH connection management within a Grunt plugin. It performs validation and processing securely, without evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. The only potential concern is debug logging, which could expose sensitive info if enabled, but this is a common debugging feature rather than malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}