{
  "purpose": "The source code implements a customizable radar chart component using HTML5 Canvas and React, including utility functions for data processing and rendering of chart elements.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from React component props (labels, datasets, colors). It also reads environment variables for environment-specific behavior and global objects like window and console.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to the Canvas rendering context (drawing lines, shapes, text). It also uses console.error and console.warn for warnings, and loads images into an internal array (though not used elsewhere).",
  "flows": "Input data from props flows into chart rendering functions, which draw graphical elements on the Canvas. Environment variables influence conditional behaviors. No data leaks or external network communication is observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Usage of utility functions appears standard. The code does include verbose, auto-generated-like utility functions and minified ReactPropTypes code, but nothing suspicious within those. No dynamic code execution, eval, or obfuscated patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for drawing a radar chart with configurable labels and datasets, with utility functions for object property handling and iterable support. It uses React hooks to initialize and draw on Canvas, with device pixel ratio adjustments for high-DPI screens. PropTypes validate inputs. No external network requests, data exfiltration, or suspicious side effects are present. Environment variables are used only for environment detection and warning logs. The internal utility functions are standard, generated code for object handling and React type checking, not malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a straightforward implementation of a React-based Canvas chart component, with no malicious intent or behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a standard React Canvas radar chart component with associated utility functions. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The code is well-structured and typical for a chart rendering library, with no signs of sabotage or data leakage.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}