{
  "purpose": "This code processes CSS files, resolving URLs, rebasing relative URLs, and inlining @import rules, ultimately concatenating the processed CSS into a stream.",
  "sources": "File system reads via fs.readFileSync, URL inputs in CSS @import rules, and options provided to cssTransform.",
  "sinks": "The callback function receives the final concatenated CSS string; possible data leaks if callback exposes sensitive data.",
  "flows": "CSS file is read from disk, URLs are parsed and potentially rebased, @import URLs are identified and potentially processed, and the final CSS is output via callback.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected. The code dynamically resolves and processes URLs, including external URLs, but does not appear to perform malicious actions. The code imports and uses several libraries but does not misuse them for malicious purposes. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration routines are evident. The code handles URL rebasing and import resolution in a typical manner without obfuscation or hidden behavior.",
  "analysis": "The script parses CSS files, resolves URLs, and processes @import rules. It distinguishes external URLs, handles relative and node_module-based paths, and rebases URLs when specified. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden code. The code appears to be a utility for CSS processing with standard features. No anomalies or suspicious behaviors are present. The code's structure is straightforward, and it employs common libraries correctly. No indicators of malware or malicious intent are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a CSS processing utility that resolves URLs and inlines @import rules. It performs standard operations without malicious intent or suspicious behavior. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling. Overall, it appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}