{
  "purpose": "This code defines a customizable React Native Button component with various styling options such as rounded, outline, block, transparent, and circular shapes. It is intended to be used as a UI element for user interaction.",
  "sources": "The component reads props for styling and behavior (e.g., color, size, shape). It also reads children components like Text, Icon, and Image, which may contain data or UI elements.",
  "sinks": "The component renders TouchableOpacity with children, which could include text, icons, or images. No direct untrusted data handling or network operations are present. No sinks directly involve data leaks or security-sensitive actions.",
  "flows": "Input props influence styling; children components are cloned with modified styles. There is no data flow involving untrusted sources to security-sensitive sinks. The style modifications are local and do not involve untrusted data processing beyond styling.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code uses standard React Native patterns. No suspicious or unusual code behavior is observed. All imports and usages are standard for UI components.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily deals with styling and rendering a customizable button component. It dynamically adjusts styles based on props such as 'rounded', 'outline', 'circle', etc., by manipulating style arrays and cloning children with modified props. The imports include React, PropTypes, and some style variables, all standard. No network requests, eval, or dynamic code execution are present. No hardcoded secrets or malicious code snippets are detected. The code appears to be a straightforward UI component with no security risks identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React Native Button component with no malicious behavior, security risks, or suspicious anomalies. It handles styling and composition securely. No malware or supply chain security issues are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}