{
  "purpose": "This code is a PostCSS plugin that converts pixel units to viewport units (vw) for responsive web design, with configurable options.",
  "sources": "User-provided options, CSS declaration values, media query parameters, and file paths from 'decl.source.input.file'.",
  "sinks": "CSS declaration values and media query parameters that are modified with the pxRegex replacement function.",
  "flows": "Input CSS values containing 'px' are matched and replaced with viewport units through the pxReplace function, potentially affecting styles in declarations and media queries.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code are evident. The code performs straightforward transformations. It includes standard error handling for options and selector blacklists. No unusual code patterns or obfuscation are present. The only dynamic behavior involves regex replacements and input-based file matching.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a PostCSS plugin that transforms 'px' units into 'vw' units for responsiveness. It uses a regex to avoid matching 'px' inside quotes or URLs, focusing on numeric 'px' units in CSS values. It supports options for excluding files via regex and blacklisting certain selectors. The core functions create a replacement function for conversion, handle precision, and match blacklisted selectors. No suspicious network activity, data leaks, or malware-like behavior are present. All transformations are deterministic and only relate to CSS processing. The code lacks any code injection, external network communication, or system manipulation. It appears to be a standard, well-structured style processing plugin with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate CSS post-processing plugin aimed at converting pixel units to viewport units. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. The logic is straightforward, and no suspicious anomalies are detected. It is safe to use from a security standpoint.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}