{
  "purpose": "This code appears to facilitate interaction with the ChatGPT API, sending prompts and handling streaming or non-streaming responses for generating text based on a specified question.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from a hardcoded question string ('Write me three paragraphs of Shakespeare.') and reads responses from the streamChatGPT and askChatGPT functions, which likely involve network requests and API responses.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include console.log and process.stdout.write, which output responses and errors to the console. The code also interacts with an AbortController's signal, which is used to control request cancellation.",
  "flows": "Input (QUESTION) is sent to streamChatGPT and askChatGPT functions; responses are received asynchronously and processed, with errors logged and responses printed. The flow involves sending a prompt and handling streaming or complete responses.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secret keys, or sensitive data are present. The code uses standard API interaction patterns with no suspicious URL endpoints or hidden behavior. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an asynchronous function that interacts with external chat API functions, manages streaming responses, and logs outputs. It uses a hardcoded prompt, but this alone is not suspicious. No data leakage, malicious injections, or backdoors are evident. The code appears to be a standard implementation for testing or demonstrating API interactions. The use of multiple imported modules suggests modular design but does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, it seems benign, serving a functional purpose without any malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a ChatGPT prompt interaction script, with no signs of malware or malicious activity. It does not contain hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious data handling. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}