{
  "purpose": "The code is a JavaScript library for rendering interactive plots and charts, supporting various types of series, axes, scales, and user interactions such as zooming, panning, and tooltips.",
  "sources": "Code reads window dimensions, document elements, user input events (mousemove, mousedown, mouseup, etc.), and data inputs for plotting.",
  "sinks": "Uses Canvas API for drawing (stroke, fill, clip), DOM manipulations for UI components (legend, cursor, selection), and event dispatching for interaction handling.",
  "flows": "Sources like user input and window events feed into event handlers that update the internal state and trigger redraws, while data inputs influence scale calculations and rendering. Data values are mapped to pixel positions, and user interactions trigger updates to the chart's display elements.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors detected. The code predominantly consists of chart rendering and interaction logic. The only potentially suspicious aspect is the presence of functions handling user inputs and DOM manipulations, but these are consistent with a visualization library and do not exhibit malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "A thorough review of the code shows extensive functionality for chart rendering, user interaction, scale management, and DOM manipulation, all typical for a charting library. No code segments perform unauthorized network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification. The functions handling event listeners, DOM updates, and drawing operations do not contain any hidden or malicious behaviors. The code does not contain obfuscated segments; it is well-structured and readable. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. Overall, the code functions as a visualization tool with typical features, with no evidence of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a comprehensive JavaScript charting library with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles data visualization, user interactions, and DOM updates in a legitimate manner. The malware score is low, and the security risk is minimal. No malicious signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}