{
  "purpose": "This code defines a comprehensive JavaScript library for rendering interactive plots and charts on web pages, including functions for data processing, scale management, drawing, user interaction, and plugin support.",
  "sources": "Reads data from function parameters, global variables, user options, and DOM events. Uses device pixel ratio and window events for display adjustments.",
  "sinks": "Uses Canvas API (context.stroke, context.fill) for rendering. Handles user input events (mouse, resize, scroll). Manages DOM elements for UI components like legends and cursors.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-supplied data and configuration options through scale and axis calculations, into rendering routines, and user interactions influence cursor and selection updates. Events propagate through pub/sub and hooks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network connections detected. Uses standard libraries and APIs (Canvas, DOM, Event Listeners). No obfuscated or minified code outside standard minification. No hidden or dynamically executed code appears to perform malicious actions.",
  "analysis": "The script is a feature-rich plotting library utilizing standard JavaScript constructs, DOM APIs, Canvas rendering, and event handling. It contains no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or covert network activity. It operates purely within the client-side rendering context, with no network requests or environment variable manipulations. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are evident. The code is extensive but structured, following typical patterns for interactive web components. The initial and concluding sections are focused on setting up the environment, rendering routines, and user interactions, with no suspicious code snippets. The core functions for data processing, scaling, drawing, and event handling are standard for visualization libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate, open-source JavaScript plotting library with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It safely manages visualization tasks, user interactions, and plugin support without covert or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}