{
  "purpose": "The code is a JavaScript open-source charting library (uPlot) designed for rendering interactive time series and other charts using Canvas and DOM manipulation. It handles data input, scale management, rendering, and user interactions.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment info (window, document), user input events (mousemove, mousedown, etc.), and data arrays for plotting. It outputs visualizations via Canvas drawing commands and updates DOM elements for axes, labels, and interaction points.",
  "sinks": "The primary sinks are Canvas rendering contexts (drawing lines, shapes, text), DOM elements (divs, tables, labels), and event handlers (user interactions). No external network or data exfiltration occurs within the code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arrays into scale calculations, then into drawing routines that render graphics on Canvas. User events trigger interaction flows that update cursor positions, selections, and possibly scales. DOM updates reflect current state, and event subscriptions propagate changes across instances if synchronized.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, obfuscation, or hidden network activity are present. The code uses standard APIs and patterns for visualization and interaction handling. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is extensive but transparent, employing typical visualization patterns: environment detection, DOM manipulation, Canvas drawing, event handling, scale and axis management, and user interaction routines. No malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, code injection, or sabotage are evident. The code does not contain obfuscation or hidden logic. Its complexity is consistent with a mature open-source visualization library. The functions and data flows are well-structured, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured open-source charting library with no malicious or sabotage signals. It operates within standard patterns for visualization tools, with no obfuscation or hidden network activity. The malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the overall security risk is minimal (~0.2).",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}