{
  "purpose": "This code defines an Angular component for a footer UI element with customizable status and version display.",
  "sources": [
    "Import statements for Angular core, fontawesome icons, and Angular Material modules.",
    "Component class constructor initializing default configuration values.",
    "Property setters that update internal configuration based on inputs.",
    "EventEmitter for emitting app version click events."
  ],
  "sinks": [
    "EventEmitter emit on appVersionClicked",
    "RouterLink attribute binding in template",
    "DOM updates via Angular bindings for status text, icon, theme, and version info."
  ],
  "flows": [
    "Input properties set external data into internal configuration.",
    "UpdateStatus() method uses internal configuration to update display properties based on online status.",
    "Click event triggers emit to external listeners."
  ],
  "anomalies": [
    "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or environment variables present.",
    "Code contains only Angular component setup, no dynamic code execution, no network calls, or data leaks.",
    "No obfuscated or minified suspicious code, standard Angular pattern usage."
  ],
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Angular component for a footer with configurable status and version display. It relies on inputs for customization and emits an event when the version info is clicked. No suspicious, malicious, or backdoor code is present. The code structure, property management, and event handling follow typical patterns and do not show signs of malicious behavior. The use of external dependencies (Angular, FontAwesome, Material) is normal and not suspicious. The component's logic is confined to UI updates based on internal state and inputs, with no network activity, data leaks, or code injection observed.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a benign Angular footer component with no malicious intent. It solely manages UI state and user interactions within standard Angular paradigms. There is no evidence of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The security risk is minimal, and confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}