{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript class for creating and manipulating 3D transformation matrices, primarily for graphical or visual applications, and exports a factory function to instantiate such transformations.",
  "sources": "Constants (Math functions, PI), functions (degree2radian, radian2degree, zero, identity, premultiply), class constructor, class methods for transformations, export statement.",
  "sinks": "None of the code directly interact with untrusted input sources or external systems. No network, file, or environment variable access. Transformation methods operate on provided parameters without side effects.",
  "flows": "The code flows from defining utility functions and constants to constructing and combining matrices within class methods. No external data is read or written; transformations are performed purely in-memory.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious logic. The code uses standard math operations and matrix computations, typical for 3D transformations. No signs of obfuscation or hidden behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code provides matrix operations and transformation methods typical for 3D graphics. It employs standard mathematical functions and matrix multiplication techniques. The class methods generate transformation matrices for translation, rotation, skew, scale, and perspective, returning new instances with updated matrices. The export statement is a straightforward module export of a factory function. There is no indication of malicious behavior, such as network communication, data leakage, or hidden backdoors. The code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation of 3D transformation utilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility library for matrix transformations with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It operates solely on mathematical data and has no external interactions or suspicious logic.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}