{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define a Vue.js component for displaying tips or notifications, and includes setup for module exports compatible with various module systems. Its primary purpose is UI display within web applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from props ('showFlag', 'location', 'distance', 'tipsMsg') and environment variables related to script source URLs (via 'window.document.currentScript' and regex matching).",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any direct sinks such as network requests, file writes, or execution of untrusted code. It primarily manipulates DOM styles and Vue component data.",
  "flows": "The data flows from input props and environment scripts to DOM styling via computed properties, with no evidence of untrusted data being passed into vulnerable sinks like eval or insecure network calls.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses a dynamic source identification method for 'currentScript' polyfill, but this is a standard polyfill and not malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are observed. The minified parts are typical webpack bundle boilerplate.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a Vue.js component for tips notifications, with standard module export boilerplate for universal module definition. It uses a currentScript polyfill for source detection, which is a common compatibility pattern. The component relies on props and environment variables for styling and positioning, with no untrusted or malicious data processing or network activity detected. The absence of dynamic code execution, network requests, or suspicious logic indicates a benign purpose. No anomalies suggest malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Vue.js UI component with typical module setup and polyfills. It shows no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. The code is safe and intended solely for UI display purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}