{
  "purpose": "This script appears to facilitate integration of the VK SDK into React Native projects by automating modifications to iOS and Android configuration files and managing the VK Application ID.",
  "sources": "Reading files from the filesystem (.env, package.json, AppDelegate.m, AndroidManifest.xml, Info.plist), reading user input via inquirer prompts, glob patterns for locating files, environment variables, and package.json data.",
  "sinks": "File write operations (fs.writeFileSync) to modify configuration files; reading environment variables and package.json; user input via prompts influencing file modifications.",
  "flows": "User input (application ID, confirmation prompts) influence conditional modifications to app files; reading environment and package.json data determines application behavior; file reading and writing operations enact changes based on user responses and detected project files.",
  "anomalies": "Code is structured to automatically modify project files for SDK integration, which could potentially be abused to insert malicious code if the files were tampered with or replaced with malicious versions. No evidence of such malicious code in the provided snippet. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily performs file system operations such as reading and writing configuration files, parsing JSON and plist files, and modifying project files for SDK integration. It includes user prompts to confirm or input configuration data, notably the VK Application ID. All operations are standard for SDK setup automation. The functions for loading app IDs, modifying files, and prompting users are straightforward and do not contain suspicious or malicious code. No obfuscated code or suspicious network activity is present. The code's purpose is aligned with SDK setup, and it does not exhibit signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate setup utility script intended for integrating VK SDK into React Native projects. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security exploits. It reads and writes configuration files based on user input and project structure, which is standard for such automation scripts. No malicious activity or supply chain risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}