{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions to retrieve the 100 most popular instruments and their ratings from specific URLs, likely for use in a larger application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from external URLs via the 'request.get' method, specifically from 'midlands/tags/tag/100-most-popular/' and dynamically constructed URLs for ratings.",
  "sinks": "Data retrieved from external sources is returned and possibly used elsewhere; the only potential sink is the 'request.get' method which handles external network requests.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external URLs (sources) through the 'request.get' calls into the application logic, where it is processed (e.g., splitting URIs, extracting instrument IDs), then returned by functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. The use of Promise.resolve().then() is standard, and lodash functions are straightforward. No obfuscation or unusual dynamic code execution is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard libraries and a custom 'Requester'. The 'get100MostPopular' function retrieves a list from a specified endpoint, processes the URIs to extract instrument IDs, and returns them. The 'getRatings' function constructs a URL dynamically to fetch ratings for a specific instrument. All network calls are made via 'request.get', which appears to be a standard HTTP request wrapper. No suspicious data handling, credential management, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code does not contain any hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behaviors. The logic is straightforward, focusing solely on data retrieval and processing.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard data retrieval module with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It simply fetches data from external URLs, processes them minimally, and exposes functions for use elsewhere. No malware indicators or security threats are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}