{
  "purpose": "The code customizes and overrides certain behaviors of Mapbox GL Draw's direct select mode, particularly for dragging features and vertices, and for rendering features with supplementary points. It appears to implement specialized logic for circle features and their manipulation within a map editing context.",
  "sources": "Inputs include map events (e.g., drag events), feature properties, and user interactions that trigger dragging and display functions. Specifically, event objects (e.lngLat), feature properties, and external functions like createSupplementaryPoints and moveFeatures.",
  "sinks": "The code updates feature coordinates, properties, and geometries, and pushes GeoJSON features to rendering functions. It manipulates feature properties and geometries directly but does not send data externally or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "User input events (dragging) flow into coordinate and property updates for features, especially circles, involving distance calculations and geometry regeneration. The display flow updates feature rendering with supplementary points based on feature state.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious code, or backdoors detected. The code performs geometric calculations and feature manipulations in a straightforward manner. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors are present. No external network communication or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code overrides Mapbox Draw modes to implement custom drag behaviors for features and vertices, particularly handling circles by recalculating radii and geometries. It uses standard libraries like Turf.js for distance and circle calculations, and custom utility functions for supplementary points. No suspicious code paths, external data leaks, or malicious activities are present. The focus is on feature manipulation within a map interface, with no external communication or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate customization of map drawing behavior for editing circle features. It performs geometric computations and updates feature properties as expected. There are no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks in this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}