{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a build tool for packaging applications across multiple platforms (Windows, Mac, Linux). It handles downloading dependencies, building installers, copying files, and updating resource files and manifests as part of a build pipeline.",
  "sources": "Inputs are from package.json or manifest.json, environment variables, and file system reads (e.g., plist, JSON). Data flows through user-configurable options, package dependencies, and input files during build steps.",
  "sinks": "File system writes (packaging, copying, renaming), network fetches (dependency downloads via Downloader and FFmpegDownloader), process executions (e.g., rcedit, compressions, nsis builds), and resource modifications (plist, icons).",
  "flows": "Data flows from package.json / manifest.json → file system reads and writes, from dependencies download functions → file operations, and from configuration options → resource updates and installer generation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network addresses are detected. The code includes standard build steps and resource modifications. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code is present. Usage of dependencies (e.g., fs-extra, globby, rcedit) is typical for build scripts.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive build pipeline for cross-platform application packaging. It uses standard libraries and tools for file operations, resource editing, compression, and downloading. All network or file operations seem aligned with normal build processes. No signs of malicious code, such as hidden network connections, data exfiltration, or reverse shells, are evident. The code does not contain any suspicious hard-coded secrets or behaviors beyond legitimate build tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate build automation script that manages application packaging, resource updates, and installer creation. There are no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. The code is well-structured for its purpose and does not exhibit malicious signals.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}