{
  "purpose": "The code provides asynchronous functions to generate, bind, and retrieve cryptographic keys by making HTTP requests to specific API endpoints.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters: 'prime', 'pub', and 'sign_data'.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent via HTTP POST requests to endpoints '/api/v1/key/generator', '/api/v1/key/bind', and '/api/v1/key/'. These are the sinks where untrusted input can be transmitted externally.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('prime', 'pub', 'sign_data') flow into the 'Request' calls, which send this data to external API endpoints. The responses from these endpoints are returned by the functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not perform input validation, sanitization, or encryption of the data before sending. The API endpoints are relative URLs, assuming a base URL set elsewhere. No explicit suspicious behavior or backdoors are evident. The functions could be used maliciously if the endpoints are controlled by an attacker, but the code itself is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The module defines three async functions that make HTTP requests with provided data. It relies on an external 'Request' function to handle network communication. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malicious code patterns are present. The code does not perform any data processing beyond sending the parameters as payloads. The functions could be part of a cryptographic key exchange process, but without further context, no malicious intent is apparent. There is no obfuscation or suspicious code structures. The only concern is the lack of input validation, which might be a security risk if inputs are untrusted, but this is typical in such network request wrappers.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard set of API wrapper functions for key management operations. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or suspicious anomalies within this module. The overall security risk is low, assuming the external 'Request' implementation is secure and the API endpoints are legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}