{
  "purpose": "The code implements a custom video player component with various controls and features, primarily for rendering and managing video playback within a web application.",
  "sources": "Inputs include properties passed to the NCPlayer function, such as 'on' event listeners, source URLs, subtitles, styling, and configuration options. It also reads video attributes like autoplay, muted, poster, preload, loop, width, and height.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially flow from user-provided sources, event listeners, or dynamically generated styles. These could affect DOM or video attributes, but there are no direct data leaks or system calls.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input properties (sources, event listeners, styling) into the creation of DOM elements, especially the video element and controls. Event listeners are attached to the video element. Styles and configurations are applied via derived signals and inline styles.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns. The code uses common patterns for UI component rendering. There are no obfuscated or suspicious dynamic code evaluations. All external modules are imported but seem relevant to UI control functionality.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical React-like component rendering a custom video player with various controls. It imports multiple modules for controls and UI components, signals for reactive data, and utility functions. The code dynamically sets video source, manages controls, and attaches event listeners in a standard manner. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network data exfiltration, reverse shells, or backdoors. It does not perform any insecure operations like unsafe eval, insecure SQL, or environment variable leaks. The style derivation and event handling appear safe. No malicious code patterns or obfuscation are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation of a web video player component. There are no indicators of malicious intent, malicious code, or security risks. It relies on external modules for UI and control logic, which seem appropriate and safe. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}