{
  "purpose": "This code overrides certain behaviors of the Mapbox Draw plugin's 'simple_select' mode to customize feature dragging and display features with supplementary points, particularly for circles.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from event parameters (e.lngLat), feature properties (feature.properties), and internal method calls (getSelected, isSelected). It also imports modules and functions that process features and generate supplementary points.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include calls to moveFeatures with delta values, display functions rendering features, and modifications to feature properties such as centers of circles. These actions could lead to unintended feature manipulation or display issues if misused.",
  "flows": "Input data from events (e.lngLat) flows into delta calculations, which then flow into moveFeatures and feature property updates. Feature data flows into display functions for rendering, with supplementary points generated based on feature properties.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code structures are observed. The code performs feature manipulation and rendering without evident malicious intent. No obfuscated or suspicious code constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily overrides methods to enhance feature dragging and display in a map drawing interface. It processes user interactions, updates feature positions, especially for circle features, and manages feature display states with supplementary points. All operations seem focused on user interface behavior and feature management. There are no signs of malicious data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious code injection. The code uses standard JavaScript patterns and imports relevant functions for feature processing. No suspicious network activity or covert operations are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate customization of the Mapbox Draw plugin's selection mode, focusing on feature manipulation and display logic. There are no indications of malicious behavior or security risks based on this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}