{
  "purpose": "AngularJS template cache loader supporting multiple module systems with static HTML templates, including an inline <script> tag in one template.",
  "sources": "Static template strings defined within the code, no external inputs or dynamic data sources.",
  "sinks": "None; no untrusted data flows or external data exfiltration points.",
  "flows": "Templates are cached statically; no data flow from sources to sinks; inline <script> is static and not executed.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of a <script> tag inside a template, which could pose security risks if injected into the DOM without sanitization. The script contains only comments and a variable assignment, not executable code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward AngularJS template cache setup with static HTML templates. The only notable element is the <script> tag within one template, which contains only comments and a variable assignment, with no executable code. There are no external data sources, network calls, or dynamic inputs. The code does not perform any malicious actions or contain secrets. The inline <script> tag could be a concern if templates are injected into the DOM without sanitization, potentially leading to XSS if misused. However, in this static context, it remains benign. Malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and security risk is approximately 0.1-0.2, reflecting cautious awareness of potential DOM injection issues but no actual malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard AngularJS template cache loader with static templates. The embedded <script> tag is static and non-executable, posing minimal risk unless templates are injected into the DOM without sanitization. The malware score is 0, obfuscation is 0, and the security risk score of around 0.1-0.2 is appropriate given the context. The reports' assessments and scores are consistent and accurate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}