{
  "purpose": "This module provides cryptographic functions for generating salts, hashing data, comparing hashes, and extracting hash rounds, primarily used for password hashing and verification.",
  "sources": "Reads include user-provided data for hashing and comparing ('data', 'salt', 'hash'), configuration inputs ('rounds', 'minor'), and internal calls to 'crypto.randomBytes' and 'bindings' functions. It also reads arguments from callback functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are 'bindings' methods ('gen_salt_sync', 'gen_salt', 'encrypt_sync', 'encrypt', 'compare_sync', 'compare', 'get_rounds') which perform cryptographic operations, and 'crypto.randomBytes' which generates randomness. These are standard cryptographic functions, not direct data leaks.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., 'data', 'salt') flows into cryptographic functions through 'bindings'. Random bytes are generated for salts. The flow is from user input or internal randomness into cryptographic hashes and comparisons, with no indication of data leaving the system illicitly.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code structures, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors detected. Usage of 'crypto.randomBytes' is standard for salt generation. Error handling via 'process.nextTick' is typical. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity observed.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard cryptographic functions for salt generation, hashing, comparison, and retrieving hash rounds, using established Node.js modules ('crypto') and a native binding ('node-gyp-build'). It correctly handles input validation and asynchronous behavior. No signs of malicious code, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The functions serve legitimate cryptographic purposes. The 'bindings' functions are presumed to be secure, assuming proper native implementation. Overall, the code appears safe and free from malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The module provides standard cryptographic utilities with proper input validation and no evidence of malicious intent or malicious code. It uses common practices for secure hashing and comparison, with no suspicious behaviors or backdoors. The security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}