{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate audio signals using oscillators for testing or processing purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads input data primarily from the 'load' functions that import external JavaScript files: 'audio-harness.js' and 'dsp.js'. It also involves object creation from Oscillator class which may receive parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly write or transmit data outside its scope, but the generated audio signals could be used elsewhere. No explicit data leaks or network transmissions are evident.",
  "flows": "The code loads external scripts, initializes oscillator objects, and performs audio signal calculations by generating waveforms and combining them via the add() method.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior detected. The use of 'load' for scripts could be benign or could indicate external code dependence, but that alone is not malicious. The generate and add methods appear typical for audio processing.",
  "analysis": "The script loads external JavaScript files which likely contain definitions for audio processing functions. It sets parameters for audio buffer size, sample rate, and harmonic calculations. It creates an oscillator object 'sine' and a function 'calcOsc' that generates sine waves and harmonic signals, then combines them. The function is run multiple times for testing. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or malicious payloads. The code appears to be a straightforward audio signal generation routine with no obfuscated or suspicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is focused on audio signal generation for testing or DSP purposes and does not exhibit any malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided fragment. It loads external scripts, but that alone does not imply malicious intent. Overall, it appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}