{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be an Angular module factory for an Ionic calendar module, intended to generate and compile Angular components at runtime for a calendar feature within an Ionic application.",
  "sources": "Imports from Angular core, Ionic components, and Angular modules such as common, forms, and reactive forms. No direct input sources such as user input or network data are present in this code fragment.",
  "sinks": "The code generates Angular component factories and module references; it does not include any data sinks like network requests, file operations, or environment variable usage.",
  "flows": "The module factory creates component and module instances based on static imported modules. There are no data flow paths involving untrusted sources; the flow is limited to static module and component generation.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified/generated Angular factory code with typical Angular and Ionic import statements. No suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hardcoded secrets are present. It appears to be standard Angular factory code for module compilation.",
  "analysis": "The code imports multiple Angular and Ionic modules and components, then constructs a module factory for the calendar feature using Angular's internal functions. The pattern aligns with standard Angular AOT compilation output. There are no signs of dynamic code execution, network activity, or embedded malicious logic. The code's structure indicates it's auto-generated by Angular compiler tools, not written manually. It does not contain any hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard Angular factory module for an Ionic calendar feature, generated during build time. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code is benign and solely involved in Angular module/component generation.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}