{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive JavaScript SDK for interacting with blockchain routing, execution, streaming, and bridging functionalities, including API clients, middleware, React hooks, and utility functions.",
  "sources": "Sources include imported dependencies (ox, connect, react, lodash, relay-sdk, protocol buffers), environment variables (API keys), external fetch calls for relay and indexer status, and user-provided parameters in functions like execute, swap, bridge, and polling functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include fetch requests to relay and indexer APIs, WebSocket connections, provider requests for blockchain interactions, and JSON.stringify calls on request bodies. Also, the code writes API keys into request headers and executes provider transactions.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input flows primarily through API request parameters, WebSocket message data, and user-provided transaction data. These data are processed and sent via fetch, WebSocket, or provider request calls, with middleware potentially modifying requests/responses.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Middleware functions for logging, retries, and API key insertion are standard. No unusual code constructs or obfuscated code are present. External fetch calls and WebSocket handling are typical for such SDKs.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured SDK for blockchain interactions, utilizing standard patterns such as middleware chains, React hooks, and fetch/WebSocket for network communication. Input validation functions for addresses and amounts are included. Middleware for authentication, logging, and retries are properly implemented and scope-limited. External dependencies are common libraries for blockchain, React, and utility functions. No suspicious data leaks, code injections, or malicious network communications are evident. The only potential concern is the transmission of API keys via request headers, which is standard but should be managed securely. Overall, the code appears legitimate and intended for blockchain SDK use.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate and standard blockchain SDK implementation with no clear malicious behavior or sabotage indicators. It correctly uses middleware for request handling, does not contain hardcoded secrets, and communicates with external APIs and WebSocket endpoints in a typical manner. No malware or security risks are evident beyond standard operational considerations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}