{
  "purpose": "This source code provides a JavaScript SDK for interacting with blockchain routing, execution, streaming, and bridge status functionalities, including API clients, middleware management, and React hooks for frontend integration.",
  "sources": "Code reads environment variables (API keys), fetches data from external URLs (relay SDK, GraphQL endpoints), and processes user input via function parameters in various API calls and hooks.",
  "sinks": "Uses fetch API for network requests, including POST and GET calls to external services; WebSocket connections for real-time streams; and internally executes transaction requests via provider.request. No direct data leakage or unsafe eval/exec identified.",
  "flows": "Sources include API keys, user input parameters, environment data; sinks include network requests, WebSocket streams, and provider RPC calls. Data flows through fetch calls, WebSocket events, and transaction execution functions, with middleware intercepting requests and responses.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. Use of external libraries appears standard. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. Middleware includes logging and retry mechanisms, which are typical. No backdoors or hidden functions detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive SDK with client classes, middleware, and React hooks. It handles blockchain interactions and external API communication securely by using standard fetch, WebSocket, and provider request methods. Middleware layers provide logging, retries, and API key injection, which are standard practices. No malicious code such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or covert channels are present. The use of environment variables (API keys) and network requests is explicit and controlled. External dependencies are well-defined and typical for such SDKs. Overall, the code is structured securely, with no suspicious activities or malicious behaviors detected.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript SDK code appears to be a legitimate, standard implementation for blockchain routing and streaming functionalities. It includes proper request handling, middleware for security and logging, and React integration without any signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}