{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive SDK for interacting with blockchain routing, execution, streaming, and bridge status monitoring, including various clients, middleware, and hooks for React integration.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include network requests (fetch), WebSocket messages, user inputs (addresses, transaction hashes), and API responses. Data is read primarily from network responses and function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests (fetch), WebSocket connections, console logs, and responses from blockchain providers. Data is sent via fetch calls, WebSocket messages, and provider requests.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs or network fetches into processing functions; for example, transaction hashes or addresses are used to query status, fetch transaction or bridge data, and stream logs. Data is sent to network APIs or blockchain providers, and responses are processed and streamed back to observers or stored states.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain obvious malicious payloads, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors. It uses standard libraries and well-defined interfaces for blockchain interactions. The only minor concern is the extensive use of console logs for debugging, which could expose sensitive info if used in production. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements various clients and middleware for blockchain interactions, including transaction execution, log streaming, and status polling. It includes React hooks for data fetching with timers, error handling, and middleware chains for request modification and logging. No evidence of code injection, unauthorized data exfiltration, or system damage is found. All network and provider interactions appear legitimate and intended for blockchain operations. Sensitive data such as API keys are managed via parameters and not hardcoded. The extensive use of try-catch blocks and error classes helps in controlled error reporting. Overall, the code aligns with standard SDK patterns for blockchain apps and does not exhibit malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript SDK is well-structured, utilizing standard libraries and design patterns for blockchain interaction. No signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are detected. The primary concern is the potential exposure of debug logs in production, but this is a common development issue rather than malicious intent. The code appears safe and suitable for integration in secure environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}