{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JavaScript SDK for interacting with blockchain routing, execution, streaming, and bridge transactions, mainly for facilitating cross-chain swaps, quotes, and real-time updates.",
  "sources": "Code reads configuration data, user inputs (such as transaction parameters, addresses, chain IDs), API responses, and WebSocket messages.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to external APIs and RPC providers, WebSocket connections, and data returned via SDK functions to calling applications.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs or external API responses into internal functions which process and potentially send data over the network or WebSocket, and vice versa through real-time streams and API responses.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code segments are present. The code employs standard SDK patterns, including middleware for logging, retries, and auth, with no suspicious or hidden behaviors. Usage of external dependencies appears normal and justified. No obfuscated code or uncommon language features detected. No data exfiltration or malicious network activity evident. Middleware functions for logging, retry, and auth are implemented securely, with no indications of malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically defines various blockchain network configurations, token data, error classes, and API clients for routing, execution, and streaming functions. It employs middleware chains for request handling, logging, retries, and authentication, all standard for such SDKs. The SDK manages WebSocket and RPC provider interactions with mechanisms to subscribe/unsubscribe, handle errors, and process real-time data streams. It includes functions for polling transaction statuses, fetching bridge info, and handling cross-chain operations. All network communications are performed with fetch or WebSocket, without hardcoded secrets or credentials. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior is detected. Dependencies are used for utility functions, protobufs, and React contexts, consistent with SDK design. The structure and functionality appear designed solely for legitimate blockchain interactions, with clear separation of concerns and no suspicious code patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured SDK for blockchain routing and bridge interactions, employing standard patterns for middleware, network requests, and real-time streaming. No malicious or sabotage behavior detected. It is safe based on static analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}