{
  "purpose": "The code is a test suite for a Svelte ProgressBar component, verifying its behavior such as initialization, auto-incrementing, reset, start, stop, completion, and style setting.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from component props (e.g., intervalTime, color, stepSizes) and DOM interactions via document.querySelector. Also reads internal component state via get() function.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates component internal state variables (width, style) and calls component methods (reset, start, stop, complete). No direct data leak or external sink observed.",
  "flows": "Inputs from test assertions and component props influence internal state. Method calls trigger state changes and style updates. No external network or file system operations are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hidden backdoors, or unusual behavior detected. The code solely performs unit tests on a ProgressBar component. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or malicious payloads are present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports and tests a Svelte component called ProgressBar. It uses JSDOM to simulate DOM environment, runs various tests on progress behavior such as initialization, incrementing, resetting, stopping, completing, and styling. All functions and data manipulations appear standard for UI component testing. No external data is read or written to network or filesystem. No suspicious code patterns or obfuscation are observed. The methods invoked are related to component state management and styling. The flow of data is limited to component props and internal variables. There are no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard test suite for a UI progress bar component, with no indications of malicious behavior, security risks, or supply chain attacks. It performs controlled tests on component behavior and styling. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}