{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for signing and managing order cancellations and orders within the Cow Protocol, utilizing cryptographic schemes and contract interactions.",
  "sources": "Inputs include parameters such as orderUids, orderUid, chainId, signer, and signingScheme passed into functions; imports from external modules such as '@cowprotocol/contracts', and environment data via imported constants.",
  "sinks": "Calls to cryptographic signing functions, contract address resolution, and potentially network requests or data transmission in signing processes.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are processed to select signing schemes, which are then used to generate signatures via cryptographic methods, potentially involving network interactions or contract calls based on chainId and signer data.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious hardcoded credentials or secrets; the code appears to dynamically handle signing schemes and chain IDs. The code structure involves complex promise-based flows but no immediate suspicious patterns or obfuscated code. No external data exfiltration or network communication is visible within this snippet. No backdoors or malicious behaviors are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code imports cryptographic and contract interaction modules and defines functions to sign orders and cancellations based on various signing schemes. It dynamically chooses signing methods, handles errors, and resolves contract addresses based on chainId. The flow follows standard cryptographic signing patterns. The use of promises and error handling appears consistent with typical asynchronous cryptographic operations. There is no evidence of malicious payloads, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious network activity. The code appears to be legitimate utility functions for signing blockchain transactions, with appropriate error handling and support for multiple schemes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard set of utility functions for signing blockchain orders and cancellations, with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain obfuscated code or suspicious data leaks. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}