{
  "purpose": "This code manages the loading and styling of geospatial data layers onto a map, including geojson data and vector tiles, for visualization purposes.",
  "sources": "fetch() calls to retrieve geojson files from a provided URL, accessing properties within geojson features, and local module imports.",
  "sinks": "map.addSource(), map.addLayer() functions which integrate data into the map, and console.log() statements for debugging.",
  "flows": "fetches geojson data from external URLs, processes and filters features, adds sources to the map, then creates visual layers with styling and labeling based on layer type.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, no suspicious network activity, and no obfuscated code. The code does include some commented-out code but nothing inherently suspicious. No dynamic code execution or suspicious property access is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard geospatial data processing, including filtering features, setting properties, and loading data into a map. The fetch() calls are used to retrieve geojson files, which are then processed and added as sources and layers. No data is sent over the network other than fetching geojson files; no suspicious network activity or data exfiltration appears present. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. The style functions imdf_styler and imdf_labeler are imported modules, presumed safe unless maliciously altered, but no direct evidence suggests maliciousness. The code includes typical debugging statements like console.log(). The logic appears consistent with map data visualization workflows without malicious intent or behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs typical map layer management with no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. It securely loads external geojson resources, processes features, and adds map layers accordingly. No suspicious activity or malware is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}