{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions to generate and manipulate AWS API Gateway models and their dependencies within a CloudFormation template.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters such as 'restApiId', 'model', 'models', 'resource', and 'documentation'. These inputs are read directly within functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are setting properties on AWS resource objects, particularly 'resource.Properties' fields such as 'MethodResponses', 'RequestModels', and 'Schema'. The code modifies these objects based on input data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (model, models, documentation) into resource property assignments, and through recursive replacement of '$ref' fields in schemas, potentially transforming references into URLs. There are no evident external data transmissions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The recursive 'replaceRefs' function transforms '$ref' fields with regex-matched patterns into URL strings, which could be malicious if the input is maliciously crafted. The code uses a 'Set' for 'DependsOn', but converts it to array at the end without any suspicious logic. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or hidden backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly constructs CloudFormation model objects for API Gateway, replacing schema references with URLs based on a regex pattern. The process involves standard data manipulation, property setting, and dependency management. No network calls, external data transmission, or execution of untrusted code is observed. The use of regex for replacing '$ref' values could be exploited if the input schema is maliciously crafted, but this appears to be intended for templating purposes. Overall, the code does not exhibit malicious intent or malware indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility module for generating CloudFormation API Gateway models and managing dependencies, with standard data processing logic. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The only minor concern is the schema reference replacement which could be misused if input schemas are malicious, but this is consistent with its purpose. Overall, the code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}