{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions to generate and modify AWS API Gateway CloudFormation models, including replacing schema references, managing dependencies, and setting responses.",
  "sources": "Reads input data such as schemas, resource configurations, and documentation objects; accesses properties like 'Properties.Schema', 'methodResponses', and 'requestModels'.",
  "sinks": "Modifies resource property objects, particularly 'DependsOn', 'MethodResponses', and 'RequestModels'; performs string replacements in schema '$ref' fields.",
  "flows": "Traverses schema objects to replace '$ref' with URL strings; updates resource dependencies and response configurations based on input data.",
  "anomalies": "Uses a regex to match '{{model:\\s*([\\-\\w]+)}}' in '$ref' fields; standard pattern, no obfuscation or suspicious code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard infrastructure utility for AWS CloudFormation template generation. It safely manipulates data structures, replacing references with URLs using a predictable regex. No external code execution, network activity, or hardcoded secrets are present. The regex replacement is a common templating pattern, and dependency management via Sets is straightforward. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or obfuscation are evident. The potential risk lies in processing malicious schemas that could exploit the reference replacement, but this is inherent to templating systems and not indicative of malicious intent. Overall, the code operates within expected parameters for infrastructure configuration, with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, safe utility for generating AWS API Gateway models and resource configurations. It performs predictable data manipulations with standard regex replacements, manages dependencies, and sets responses without executing untrusted code or network calls. No malicious activity, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities are detected. The low risk score of 0.2 appropriately reflects the minimal potential for schema manipulation if untrusted input is provided, but this does not constitute malicious behavior. The overall assessment aligns with the detailed reviews, confirming the code's safety and correctness.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}