{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions to generate and modify AWS API Gateway models and their dependencies, primarily for setting up API configurations including models, method responses, and request models.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include function parameters such as restApiId, model objects (containing schema, description, contentType, name), and documentation objects for responses and request models. The code reads these inputs directly.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include object property assignments, such as assigning values to cfModel properties, adding items to resource.DependsOn, and setting method response configurations. These are not inherently unsafe but are points where untrusted input could affect configuration if malicious data is provided.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data flows from input parameters (like model.schema, documentation objects) into configuration objects, potentially creating modified model references or response configurations. The replaceRefs function dynamically modifies $ref entries based on regex matches, and this can influence the output model schema.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious malicious or suspicious code such as code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The replaceRefs function performs regex matching and substitution, which is safe given the context. The use of Set to manage dependencies is appropriate. No hardcoded secrets or unusual behavior is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward utility for managing API Gateway models and responses, transforming schema references into AWS CloudFormation-compatible links. The replaceModelRefs function replaces $ref values matching a specific pattern with URL strings, which is a standard templating operation. The addition of dependencies and responses is handled via standard object manipulations. There are no signs of obfuscation, malware, or malicious logic. The code processes inputs safely, with no dynamic code execution or external network calls beyond string construction. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate infrastructure management utility with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility for AWS API Gateway model and response configuration, with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain security threats. It safely manipulates input data to generate configuration objects, with proper handling of dependencies and references. No malware, obfuscation, or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}