{
  "purpose": "This script functions as a command-line interface (CLI) tool for managing Lisk blockchain transactions, including sending tokens, voting/unvoting delegates, viewing votes, voters, and balances.",
  "sources": "User inputs via command-line arguments, seed phrases, and responses to prompts; data fetched via HTTP requests to blockchain nodes; environment variables and configuration options for node URLs and seeds.",
  "sinks": "Broadcasting transactions to the blockchain network, sending HTTP requests to nodes, logging output to the console, and using user-provided secrets for signing transactions.",
  "flows": "User inputs seed and transaction details → transaction signing with secrets → broadcasting signed transaction to node → retrieval of delegate and account info via HTTP requests.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation, no dynamic code execution, and no hidden or suspicious variable manipulations observed. The code employs standard libraries and patterns. The seed input mechanism is straightforward, with no evident hardcoded secrets or backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code acts as a CLI for interacting with the Lisk blockchain, allowing token transfers, votes, unvotes, and queries. It uses standard libraries (commander, request-promise, lisk-js) and handles user input securely through prompts. Transaction signing and broadcasting are performed as expected, with no signs of malicious behavior. There are no code injections, data leaks, or suspicious network calls targeting unknown domains or exfiltration points. The only network interaction is with specified blockchain nodes, which are typical for such applications. The code does not contain any backdoors, data theft, or covert operations. Overall, the script appears to be a legitimate tool for blockchain interaction, with no indications of malicious intent or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard CLI tool for managing Lisk blockchain transactions. It employs typical libraries and patterns, performs expected operations like signing and broadcasting transactions, and does not include any malicious or suspicious behaviors. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or security risks beyond the inherent trust in the user’s input and external node servers.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}