{
  "purpose": "A utility module for database seeding and testing with TypeORM, managing entity factories, seed execution, and database state control.",
  "sources": "Function parameters, global variables (global.seeder), environment/config options, dynamically loaded factory files.",
  "sinks": "Database connection operations (drop, synchronize, close), dynamic import and execution of factory files, seed runner invocation.",
  "flows": "Input data from parameters/global variables/environment -> dynamic file imports -> factory functions -> database operations.",
  "anomalies": "Use of global variables for factory storage, dynamic loading of external factory files without validation, potential for malicious files if environment is compromised.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard ORM seeding utility that manages entity factories, seed execution, and database state. It dynamically loads factory files based on configuration, which could be exploited if malicious files are present. No malicious code, network activity, or obfuscation is detected within the core code. The use of global variables and dynamic imports is typical but warrants caution if external files are untrusted. The malware score is appropriately 0, as no malicious behavior is evident. The obfuscated score is 0, given the clear and straightforward code. The security risk score varies between 0.2 and 0.4 across reports, reflecting the potential risk from external file loading but no active malicious activity. Overall, the code is benign, with the main concern being the trustworthiness of external factory files.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical database seeding utility with no malicious intent or obfuscation. The primary security consideration is the trustworthiness of externally loaded factory files, which could be malicious if compromised. The assigned scores are appropriate: malware 0, obfuscated 0, and a moderate risk score around 0.3 to account for external file loading risks. No further action is necessary assuming external files are trusted and properly managed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}