{
  "purpose": "This code detects the browser's preferred language from the 'accept-language' header, manages language preference cookies (optionally encrypted), and sets the language environment variable. It supports configuration options for cookie handling and encryption.",
  "sources": "Reads 'accept-language' header, accesses external modules ('dictionary.js' and 'cookie-encryption'), reads environment variables, and processes cookies from request objects.",
  "sinks": "Sets cookies on response object, modifies request object with language info, and potentially writes encrypted data via 'cookie-encryption' module.",
  "flows": "Header 'accept-language' -> language detection -> cookie setting (possibly encrypted) -> request object modification; also environment variable 'lang' is set.",
  "anomalies": "Uses dynamic require for external modules; no hardcoded secrets; no obfuscation or malicious code; reliance on external modules could be a vector if compromised, but code itself is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard language detection and cookie management with optional encryption. It uses regex to parse headers, looks up language codes in a dictionary, and sets cookies accordingly. External dependencies ('dictionary.js' and 'cookie-encryption') are used for data storage and encryption, which could be malicious if compromised, but the code itself contains no malicious logic. No obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious network activity are present. The logic is straightforward and aligns with common practices. The reliance on external modules is a potential supply chain risk but not an inherent vulnerability within this code. Scores of malware=0, risk=0.2, obfuscated=0 are appropriate, with high confidence (0.9).",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard language detection and cookie management module with optional encryption. No malicious behavior or security flaws are evident. External dependencies could pose supply chain risks but are not malicious in themselves. The assigned scores are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}