{
  "purpose": "This code provides a module for detecting browser language preferences, setting cookies, and optionally encrypting the cookie data. It is used to identify and store user language preferences via cookies or encrypted cookies.",
  "sources": "Reads the 'accept-language' header from client requests; accesses cookie data (signed or unsigned) from request objects; reads configuration options passed to the 'language' function.",
  "sinks": "Sets cookies on the response object; writes data to cookies (possibly signed or encrypted); logs configuration errors to console.",
  "flows": "Input: 'accept-language' header and cookie data -> detect language via regex and dictionary lookup -> if encryption is enabled, decrypt cookie data -> store language preference in cookie -> subsequent requests read cookie data to determine language.",
  "anomalies": "Uses a module 'cookie-encryption' for encrypting cookie data, which could be misused if improperly implemented, but this is a standard pattern. No hardcoded credentials are present. No suspicious network activity or file operations are evident. The code employs standard practices for language detection and cookie handling.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement standard language detection and cookie management functionalities. It uses a regex to parse language headers and a predefined dictionary to map language codes. It optionally encrypts cookie data using a 'cookie-encryption' module. There are no signs of malicious code such as network exfiltration, backdoors, or data theft. The only potential concern is reliance on an external encryption module; if this module is compromised or malicious, it could lead to security issues. However, the code itself does not contain malicious behavior, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious data flows. It properly handles cookie creation and retrieval, with support for signed and encrypted cookies.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a language detection and cookie management module without any evident malicious intent. It employs standard techniques and handles sensitive operations like encryption responsibly if trusted modules are used. No malicious behavior or security risks are apparent from the code itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}