{
  "purpose": "Custom implementation of a file system loader for the Nunjucks templating engine, used to locate and read template files from specified directories.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from the 'searchPaths' directories through 'fs.readdirSync', 'fs.statSync', and 'fs.readFileSync'. The 'name' parameter influences the resolution of file paths.",
  "sinks": "The 'fs.readFileSync' function reads file content from resolved paths, which could potentially contain malicious template files or code. No other data sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "The loader searches through specified directories for files matching the resolved 'name'. Once found, it reads the file content using 'fs.readFileSync' and returns it as the source.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes a custom, heavily modified file loader that performs directory traversal and filename resolution without input sanitization or validation. It resolves file paths based on user-provided 'name' and directory structure, which could be exploited for directory traversal if the 'name' is manipulated. There are no apparent checks for malicious templates or code; the code does not validate or sanitize file contents. The code is not obfuscated but is complex enough that malicious intent could be hidden.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a custom loader for Nunjucks that resolves filenames based on provided 'name' using regex or function, then searches directories for matching files. The directory traversal logic iterates over directories and files to find matching filenames, then reads file content directly without sanitization or validation. The absence of input validation on 'name' or directory traversal protections raises concerns about potential exploitation via malicious file placement or path manipulation. The code's logic could be used to read arbitrary files if an attacker can influence the 'name' or directory contents, potentially leading to reading sensitive files. No external network communication or system modifications are observed, reducing malware likelihood. The code itself does not contain obfuscation or hidden code, but the approach could be exploited for malicious file disclosure.",
  "conclusion": "This custom file loader performs directory traversal and dynamic filename resolution without input validation or sanitization, posing a security risk of unintended file disclosure. Although it does not execute code or communicate externally, its directory traversal and file reading logic could be exploited if user-controlled input influences 'name' or 'searchPaths'. Overall, it presents a security warning but does not contain malware or highly malicious behavior by itself.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 1
}