{
  "purpose": "The code defines Angular component templates and factories for a calendar week view, including styles, view structures, and component host configuration. It primarily facilitates rendering of calendar elements and user interaction handling within an Ionic-Angular app.",
  "sources": "Reading Angular component template definitions, style declarations, and component factory exports. No external or user input data sources are evident. The code references internal component logic and event handlers.",
  "sinks": "Event handler functions such as 'onScroll', 'onSlideChanged', 'eventSelected', 'select', and 'setScrollPosition' which are invoked on user interactions. No external data output, network, or system command execution is present.",
  "flows": "User interactions trigger event handlers, which may update internal component states or scroll positions, but no untrusted data flows or external system effects are visible. The flow is limited to UI event handling within the component.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs. The code is minified Angular factory code for rendering UI templates, not obfuscated or dynamically executed code. No suspicious external references or data leaks are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of Angular view templates, styles, and component factory definitions for a calendar week view, with event handling functions for user interactions like slide changes, scrolling, and event selection. It leverages standard Angular constructs such as NgForOf, NgIf, NgClass, and event bindings. There are no indications of malicious payloads, external network calls, or code injection mechanisms. The functions are typical Angular template definitions, and the code appears to be auto-generated Angular factory code for component rendering. No signs of malware, malicious data flow, or security risks are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is standard Angular component factory code for rendering a calendar week view, with no malicious behavior detected. It handles user interactions within a UI context without external data leaks or system harm. The code is safe, with a low malware and security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}