{
  "purpose": "This source code provides a comprehensive library of vector and matrix operations for 3D graphics and mathematics, including vector creation, normalization, dot/cross products, transformations, and interpolation functions. It appears to be a utility module for 3D math computations.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input vectors passed to functions (e.g., v, w, vtx0, vtx1, vtx2, m) and constants within the module. No external input reading is directly observable beyond function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the functions that perform mathematical operations, but none of these functions write to external systems, perform network I/O, or execute system commands. No unsafe data leaks or dangerous system effects are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows are primarily vector transformations within mathematical functions. Inputs from function parameters flow through calculations and produce output vectors or scalar values. No external data flow or command execution observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code is highly consistent and standard for vector/matrix math utilities. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or misleading variable names are present. The functions are straightforward mathematical implementations.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a series of vector and matrix operations, such as addition, subtraction, dot and cross products, normalization, transformations, interpolation, and projection. It uses standard mathematical formulas with clear, well-defined inputs and outputs. No code appears to perform any network activity, file I/O, or system commands. The initial constants and utility functions are for internal use. The module does not include any suspicious or malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware indicators. The implementation appears to be a legitimate math utility library for graphics or physics computations.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard collection of 3D vector and matrix operations with no evidence of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It does not contain any obfuscated code, network activity, or system exploits. The functions are purely mathematical and appear safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}