{
  "purpose": "This module provides various vector and matrix operations primarily for 3D graphics, including vector math, rotations, transformations, and utility functions.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function inputs (vectors, matrices, scalars), constants, and imported string functions. No external data sources or environment variables are read.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that process untrusted input in a way that could lead to data leaks or code execution. The functions perform mathematical computations and array buffer manipulations only.",
  "flows": "Data flows are limited to vector/matrix calculations within the functions. No source-to-sink malicious data paths are identified; calculations use input parameters or constants, not untrusted data.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a comprehensive vector/matrix utility library with no suspicious logic, hard-coded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscation. No unusual or malicious code behavior detected. No dynamic code execution, network access, or system commands are present.",
  "analysis": "A detailed review shows standard mathematical functions for 3D vector operations, such as dot product, cross product, normalization, and matrix multiplication. All functions operate on input parameters and return results, with no side effects or external interactions. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. The code uses common math constants and safe practices. There is no evidence of malware, covert data exfiltration, or sabotage. The code structure is clear, well-organized, and focused on computational geometry. No obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious behavior observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a vector/matrix utility library intended for graphics or physics calculations. It contains no malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. The overall security risk score is low, with no indications of malware or vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}