{
  "purpose": "This code manages state history for an application, particularly implementing a reducer pattern for undo/redo, logging, and action management within a state management library similar to Redux.",
  "sources": "Input data includes actions (e.g., liftedAction, action objects), state parameters (e.g., liftedState, computedStates), and external utilities (utils_1). It reads action types, action payloads, and state parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data could be action objects, especially those imported or constructed dynamically, and state data returned by the reducer functions. No data is sent over network or written to files in this code.",
  "flows": "Sources (actions and state inputs) flow through the reducer switch-case logic, determining how state updates occur, which in turn update the computedStates. The code recomputes states based on actions, possibly skipping some actions, and updates internal data structures accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors observed. The code uses standard reducer logic and control flows. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a typical Redux-like reducer management system with functions to compute the next state, recompute states on invalidation, and a higher-order reducer to lift app reducers into a history-aware reducer. The logic handles various action types for resetting, committing, toggling actions, jumping, sweeping, and importing state. No external network access, file system manipulation, or dynamic code execution appears present. The functions operate solely on input data and internal data structures, with standard JavaScript practices. No hardcoded secrets, malicious code, or suspicious behaviors are detected. The flow is consistent with normal state management patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of state history management for debugging or undo/redo functionality, with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It performs predictable operations on input actions and state data without external side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}