{
  "purpose": "The code implements a reducer enhancer for managing application state history, likely used in debugging or state management tools such as time-travel debugging for Redux-like architectures.",
  "sources": "Reads include the require statements for './utils' and './actions', and the data passed into functions such as reducer, actions, and state parameters. It also reads action objects and state objects during execution.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if any untrusted data is incorporated into the application state or output, but no direct output or network transmission is evident. No use of eval, document.write, or DOM manipulation is present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from parameters such as reducer, action, state, and external modules, through the functions computeNextEntry, recomputeStates, and liftReducerWith, leading to state updates and return objects. There are no network or file I/O operations.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to be straightforward state management logic with no suspicious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or hidden functionalities. No obfuscation or unusual code constructs are present. The use of setTimeout to rethrow errors is standard for source map support.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for computing state transitions in a Redux-like store, with mechanisms to handle errors, undo/redo actions, and state history management. It employs standard patterns for managing action queues and state slices. No network calls, system manipulations, or dynamic code execution are present. The error handling for Chrome appears standard. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious data leakage points are detected. All operations are within normal state management scope, and there are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate state management utility for debugging or time-travel debugging purposes. It performs no malicious actions, leaks, or sabotage activities. It follows standard patterns and contains no obfuscation or malware indicators.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}