{
  "purpose": "Verify RSA signatures from Alipay callbacks and process passback parameters for callback validation.",
  "sources": "Input data from 'body' parameter, including 'sign', 'sign_type', and 'passback_param'; filesystem reading of public key via 'fs.readdirSync(ali_pubkey)'.",
  "sinks": "Verification process using 'crypto.createVerify' and 'verify.verify'; parsing 'passback_param' with 'JSON.parse'.",
  "flows": "Input data (body) is sorted and signed, then signature is verified against public key read from filesystem; passback_param is decoded and parsed; verification result and passback param are returned.",
  "anomalies": "Uses 'fs.readdirSync' to read a public key file, which returns an array of filenames, not the key content; this is a logical bug. No malicious code or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code aims to verify RSA signatures from callback data but incorrectly reads the public key using 'fs.readdirSync', which lists directory contents instead of reading file contents. This flaw likely causes verification failures but does not indicate malicious intent. The signature verification process itself is standard, and no malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration or backdoors are present. The parsing of 'passback_param' is straightforward but should be validated for safety. The main concern is the filesystem misuse, which is a bug rather than malware. The code structure is clear, and no obfuscation is detected. The malware score is 0, and the security risk score is moderate (~0.2-0.3) due to the potential operational failure, not malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The primary issue is a coding bug involving incorrect filesystem operations to load the public key, which can impair signature verification but does not constitute malicious activity. No malware or backdoors are present. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate. Fixing the filesystem reading method (using 'fs.readFileSync' instead of 'fs.readdirSync') will resolve verification issues. Overall, the code is straightforward and safe, with the main concern being the bug to be corrected.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}