{
  "purpose": "Decompresses embedded base64-encoded scripts and wasm, creates a Web Worker, and provides an API for solving LP problems asynchronously.",
  "sources": "Base64-encoded strings 'workerStr' and 'wasmStr' which are inflated to produce worker script and wasm binary.",
  "sinks": "PostMessage calls to the worker, inflating and executing code dynamically, and callback functions invoked with external data.",
  "flows": "Inflated scripts and wasm are executed within the dynamically created worker; messages flow between main thread and worker via postMessage, with callbacks handling responses.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation detected; reliance on external base64 strings without validation; dynamic inflation of code from external sources without integrity checks.",
  "analysis": "The code decompresses static base64-encoded resources for worker script and wasm, then creates a worker and exposes an API for solving LP problems. No malicious code or obfuscation is present. The main security concern is the trustworthiness of the inflated resources, as inflating and executing external code without validation can be exploited if the source data is malicious. The callback handling is standard but could be misused if untrusted callbacks are supplied. Overall, the code is legitimate but relies on external data integrity. The malware score is low (0.1), reflecting no active malicious activity but acknowledging the potential risk if sources are compromised. The security risk score is set at 0.3, considering the trust dependency and dynamic code execution without validation.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate and well-structured for its purpose. The primary security concern is the integrity of the embedded base64 resources. Without validation, malicious payloads could be injected if the source data is tampered with. The malware and obfuscation scores are minimal, but the security risk warrants attention. Implementing integrity checks (hash verification) for the inflated scripts and wasm would enhance security. Overall, the code is safe under trusted sources, but caution is advised regarding external data trustworthiness.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}