{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for numerical operations including formatting, conversion, and precise arithmetic, intended for use in calculations and data processing.",
  "sources": "No external input sources or data reading functions are present. All data used within functions are passed as parameters; there are no network calls, file reads, or environment variable reads.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks such as network communication, file writing, or system command execution where untrusted data could cause harm.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows or untrusted data propagation paths; all operations are self-contained and purely computational.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a set of mathematical utility functions with extensive handling of number formatting and precision. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are observed. No obfuscation or malicious code segments are present. The functions are straightforward, with no dynamic code execution or external dependencies beyond standard JavaScript language features.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a global object API with functions for zero string generation, integer checking, scientific notation handling, precise number scaling, custom toFixed rounding, and arithmetic operations (add, subtract, multiply, divide). The functions process input numbers to avoid floating-point inaccuracies and handle scientific notation conversions. There are no signs of data exfiltration, network activity, or malicious backdoors. The code strictly performs local numerical computations without side effects. The implementation is consistent and does not contain obfuscation or suspicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a utility library for safe and precise arithmetic operations with no indicators of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It does not perform any network, file, or system modifications. The code appears safe and legitimate for inclusion in numerical computation modules.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}