{
  "purpose": "This module performs HTTP/HTTPS requests with optional Hawk authentication and handles responses, including error handling and pagination.",
  "sources": "Input parameters 'opts' (containing URL, method, headers, auth, body) and callback 'cb'; URL parsed via 'urlMod.parse'; optional Hawk authentication headers generated via 'hawk.client.header'.",
  "sinks": "Request construction and execution via 'http' or 'https' modules; response data processed and passed to callback; potential data leaks if sensitive info is included in request headers or response body.",
  "flows": "Input 'opts' (including URL, headers, auth) -> Request options ('reqOpts') -> HTTP/HTTPS request -> Response data accumulated in 'data' -> Response end -> 'onResponse' processing -> Callback 'cb' invoked with response or error.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'hawk' for request signing is standard; no hardcoded credentials or suspicious request modifications are evident. The code dynamically constructs request headers, handles pagination, and pipes streams if provided. No unusual or hidden code features are detected. No obfuscation, minification, or suspicious dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically creates HTTP/HTTPS requests with optional Hawk authentication, manages request errors and response data, and supports pagination through 'pages' in response bodies. It uses standard modules and practices. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious network activities are present. The code does not perform any unsafe operations like executing arbitrary code, leaking environment variables, or connecting to suspicious domains. All functions and data flows follow typical request-response patterns. The inclusion of request signing via 'hawk' is legitimate for authenticated API requests and poses no malicious risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate HTTP client wrapper with optional Hawk authentication, handling responses and errors securely. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}