{
  "purpose": "The code initializes and manages embedding of Shockwave Flash (SWF) objects into web pages, handling detection of plugin versions and compatibility issues.",
  "sources": "Reads plugin information from navigator.plugins and ActiveXObject, accesses document and window objects for DOM manipulation, and inspects element attributes for configuration.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM elements (innerHTML, parentNode, replaceChild), accesses element attributes, and writes scripts dynamically. No evidence of data leaks or untrusted data handling.",
  "flows": "Source: plugin detection and DOM element attribute reads → Sink: dynamic DOM modifications, embedding SWF objects, setting attributes, and possibly executing scripts.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors observed. Code is complex, but typical for SWF embedding libraries; no obfuscated code or unusual language features. The script dynamically writes script tags and manipulates elements, but this is standard for SWFObject.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard implementation of SWFObject v2.0, handling plugin detection, version checks, and embedding SWF files into HTML. It reads plugin info and DOM attributes to determine SWF support, then inserts or replaces elements to embed SWF objects. The code contains standard methods for cross-browser compatibility. No signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious scripts. The code's complexity stems from comprehensive browser support, not malicious intent. There are no suspicious dynamic eval, network calls, or suspicious file system interactions.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical SWF embedding library with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It performs plugin detection and DOM manipulation as expected for its purpose. No malware or malicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}