{
  "purpose": "The code constructs a custom runner for Postman collections, reading request definitions and scripts from files, and executing them with event handling.",
  "sources": "File system reads for collection JSON, environment JSON, and script files; input paths for file loading; possible external script content conversion via utils.jsToStrings.",
  "sinks": "Emitted events that could be processed by listeners; file reads that load potentially malicious scripts; no direct data output or network activity observed within this code fragment.",
  "flows": "File reading of scripts and definitions -> Script conversion via utils.jsToStrings -> Scripts assigned to Postman events -> Collection items created -> Runner executes collection -> Emitted events carry request/response/assertion data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets found. Scripts are loaded via utils.jsToStrings without evident sanitization. No network connections or data exfiltration code is present. The code mainly orchestrates the collection execution process. The utils.jsToStrings function’s implementation is unknown; if it performs dangerous operations, it could be a concern, but based on typical behavior, it likely converts scripts to strings.",
  "analysis": "The code loads collection and environment data from files, constructs Postman request items with associated scripts, and executes them via the postman-runtime runner. Event handlers emit various events during execution, but no malicious actions such as network exfiltration, file manipulation, or code injection are directly visible. The scripts themselves are sourced externally and processed via utils.jsToStrings, which could be a point of concern if malicious scripts are provided, but that is outside the scope of this code review. The structure appears to be a standard orchestrator for testing or automation purposes.",
  "conclusion": "There is no clear evidence of malicious behavior or malware in this code. It functions as a loader and executor for Postman collections, with event-driven callbacks. The main risk depends on the scripts loaded from external files, which are not part of this code segment. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate testing framework with no malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}