{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a complex JavaScript module related to rendering and managing interactive graphical elements such as arrows, pins, and SVG components, likely for a visual diagram or flowchart application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from DOM elements (e.g., getBoundingClientRect, getElementById), user input events (mouse, touch), and environment variables. It also imports multiple modules and external libraries.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe operations include DOM manipulation (e.g., creating and appending style elements, accessing DOM properties), network communication (not explicitly seen), and dynamic execution via eval-like constructs (e.g., Function, eval, or similar).",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions (clicks, drags, touch events) through DOM APIs into rendering logic, involving dynamic style and attribute changes, and possibly external module calls. No clear data leaks or malicious data exfiltration paths are identified.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive obfuscated and minified segments, complex module imports, and dynamic function definitions. The initial style injection is standard, but the size and complexity of imported modules and the nested code structure are unusual. The presence of functions like Function.call.bind, dynamic creation of elements, and numerous imports may hide malicious intent, but no direct malicious activity (e.g., data theft, network exfiltration, reverse shell) is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly involves DOM manipulation, event handling, and rendering SVG graphics with interactive components such as draggable pins and arrows. It imports several third-party libraries (e.g., react, lodash, prop-types) in a standard manner. The code uses dynamic functions and complex module imports, which are common in minified code but can conceal malicious behavior. No evidence of network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification is present. The code appears to be a sophisticated visualization tool with standard behaviors, without suspicious patterns or backdoors. The heavily minified and obfuscated sections are typical in complex UI libraries but do not inherently indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a complex UI module for managing interactive SVG diagrams, with no explicit malicious behavior or sabotage detected. The high complexity and obfuscation are typical for minified production code and do not suggest malicious activity. However, due to the presence of extensive dynamic code generation and numerous third-party imports, low confidence remains in fully ruling out hidden malicious functions. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate visualization component without malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 5
}