{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive set of Vue components and utility functions for integrating Mapbox GL maps and geometries into a web application, enabling map controls, geometries, and event handling.",
  "sources": "External dependencies such as 'mapbox-gl', '@mapbox/mapbox-gl-geocoder', '@mapbox/mapbox-gl-draw', and other npm packages; configuration and state management within Vue setup; user input via component props.",
  "sinks": "Map interactions and events (e.g., adding/removing controls, layers, geometries); user input handling for map features; event emission for components; DOM manipulations for map controls.",
  "flows": "User input or component mounting triggers map control creation and attachment; map events propagate to component emitters; geometry and layer updates flow from props/state to map features; event handlers and lifecycle hooks coordinate setup and cleanup.",
  "anomalies": "No evidence of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments. No suspicious network requests or data exfiltration observed. Code uses standard patterns for Vue and Mapbox integrations. No obfuscated or misleading code features detected. The license comment is standard and does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of Vue components wrapping Mapbox GL functionalities, managing map controls, geometries, and event flows securely. All external dependencies are legitimate map libraries. No suspicious data handling or network activity is present. The code follows expected patterns for map visualization and component lifecycle management. No signs of malware such as hidden backdoors, data theft, system damage, or unauthorized network activity. The code appears well-structured, with no obfuscation or unusual language features. It operates within standard map and UI interaction paradigms.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed source code is a comprehensive Vue-based Mapbox integration library. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. The code is standard, well-structured, and safe for use in typical web mapping applications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}