{
  "purpose": "The code provides Vue.js components and functions to integrate Mapbox GL JS features such as maps, markers, geometries, controls, and event handling into a Vue application.",
  "sources": "All external dependencies are imported via require statements, including Mapbox GL JS and various Mapbox plugins; the code reads configuration props, injects dependencies, and handles map and component lifecycle events.",
  "sinks": "Event emitters for map and geometry interactions, DOM manipulations for adding/removing controls and layers, and promise resolutions for asynchronous map element initialization.",
  "flows": "Sources such as props, injected dependencies, and DOM elements feed data into map and control setup functions; these data then flow through the lifecycle hooks to add, update, or remove map layers, geometries, and controls, with event handlers emitting events back to parent components.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains standard Vue.js patterns; no hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. The code heavily relies on external libraries but does not include suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscated code segments. The licensing comments are standard and not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive Vue.js wrapper around Mapbox GL JS, managing map components, geometries, controls, and event bindings. It follows best practices for asynchronous handling, dependency injection, and component lifecycle. No signs of malicious behavior such as network data exfiltration, reverse shells, or unauthorized system access are present. The functions mainly deal with map configuration and UI interaction. The only potential concern is the use of 'eval'-like constructs or dynamic code, but none are evident. No hidden or malicious code segments are found. The code is well-structured for map visualization purposes and contains standard licensing comments. Therefore, the overall risk is very low.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured Vue.js integration layer for Mapbox GL JS, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It primarily manages map rendering, geometries, controls, and event propagation without any suspicious or harmful activities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}