{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive set of Vue.js components and utilities for integrating Mapbox GL JS maps and geospatial geometries, including controls, markers, geometries, and event handling.",
  "sources": "Data inputs come from component props, injected dependencies ('vmb_map', 'vmb_marker', etc.), and user interactions via event listeners. External dependencies include mapbox-gl, vue, and various mapbox controls and geometries.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows occur in event handlers (e.g., geocoder result events, map interactions), which emit events and modify internal state; in particular, user inputs or external responses could influence these flows.",
  "flows": "User inputs and external data (e.g., geocoder search results, map interactions) flow through event listeners and component props into internal state and map control methods; data updates propagate via Vue reactivity and map.setPaint/setLayer methods.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains minimal obfuscation or unusual code patterns; most logic appears standard for map component implementation. Some verbose code and commented placeholders are present but not suspicious. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "A detailed review shows a large codebase with typical patterns for Vue.js and Mapbox GL integrations. No suspicious network requests, system modifications, or hidden behaviors are evident. The code primarily sets up map components, controls, geometries, and event handlers. External dependencies are standard libraries. No signs of malware such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or malicious system access. The code does not perform any unauthorized operations or suspicious network activity. The architecture follows common practices for map embedding and interactivity. The overall structure is consistent with legitimate map visualization and control components.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, extensive Mapbox Vue.js component library focused on geospatial visualization, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is safe to use based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}