{
  "purpose": "The provided code implements various Vue.js components and utility functions for integrating Mapbox GL maps, geocoding, geometries, and controls within a web application, enabling interactive map features.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from component props, injects dependencies like 'vmb_map', 'vmb_geogeometry', 'vmb_marker', and 'vmb_geogeometry_paint'; it also accesses the user's navigator.userAgent for browser detection.",
  "sinks": "It interacts with the Mapbox GL API to add/remove controls, layers, sources, and popups on the map; event handlers emit events and update component state; the code also manipulates DOM elements such as input fields and SVG icons.",
  "flows": "Input props and injected dependencies flow into component setup functions, which then create and configure Mapbox controls and geometries; events from Mapbox trigger emitted events and state updates; DOM events such as keyup on input fields invoke geocoder queries; data updates flow back into Mapbox API calls (e.g., setPaintProperty, setLayer, addSource).",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no obfuscated code, no hidden code, nor unusual dynamic execution. It includes standard Vue.js patterns, dependency injections, and Mapbox GL interactions. No hardcoded credentials are present; no suspicious network activity or data leakage code is detected. The code appears to be a comprehensive map component library without malicious backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code predominantly consists of Vue.js component definitions for Mapbox GL map controls, geometries, markers, and popups. It utilizes promise-based deferred objects to manage asynchronous Mapbox interactions, and injects dependencies for map and geometries. Event handlers are set up to emit Vue events on Mapbox events, facilitating communication. It includes functions to manage map resize, camera movement, and geometry updates. Browser detection is used for Safari-specific behavior, which is benign. No suspicious network requests, data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system modifications are present. The code does not contain hardcoded credentials or backdoors. All interactions adhere to standard Mapbox GL and Vue.js patterns.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a secure and well-structured map component library for Vue.js and Mapbox GL. It demonstrates typical usage patterns without signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The code is safe for integration, with no evidence of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}