{
  "purpose": "The code processes JavaScript source files, transpiles ES6 modules to AMD format, and concatenates files for build purposes, optionally wrapping code in eval.",
  "sources": "Reads input files via fs.readFileSync, reads legacy files, and input files via multiGlob; processes module files via transpiler container.",
  "sinks": "Writes output files with fs.writeFileSync; potentially executes code via eval wrapped around file contents.",
  "flows": "Reads files (source) -> optionally wraps file contents in eval -> concatenates and writes output files.",
  "anomalies": "Uses eval to wrap code, which can execute arbitrary code. Reads files directly from filesystem and injects their content into eval. No evident code sanitization or source validation. No network communication or suspicious domain connections. The eval function is used solely to execute concatenated code, not from untrusted input.",
  "analysis": "The code reads JavaScript files from disk, optionally wraps their contents in eval (potentially dangerous if file contents are malicious or manipulated), and writes concatenated output files. The wrapping in eval is used for source mapping or code encapsulation. The use of eval on file contents is a security concern if the input files are untrusted or compromised, as it can execute malicious code embedded within them. There are no network requests, no dynamic code generation from user input, and no suspicious domain connections. The code primarily manages file reading, concatenation, and optional eval wrapping for build purposes. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The eval wrapping is the most concerning behavior, but it is used internally and based on files read from disk, not external input.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a build tool to transpile and concatenate JavaScript modules, with optional eval wrapping. The use of eval on file contents is a potential security risk if files are compromised, but no malicious behavior or external data exfiltration is evident. Overall, the code appears to be a standard build utility with a potentially risky eval pattern. No malware is detected, but the eval usage warrants caution.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 3
}