{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for random selection and shuffling of array elements, such as selecting a random member, selecting without replacement, weighted random selection, and shuffling an array.",
  "sources": "Reads include the array parameter 'values', 'weights', and optional 'prng' (pseudo-random number generator) functions. It also imports local modules './float' and './integer' which contain functions used for random number generation and bounds.",
  "sinks": "Uses the 'prng' functions (default Math.random) for randomness. No direct data leaks or system modifications are present. No external network or file operations are detected.",
  "flows": "Sources (array inputs and prng) are used within functions to generate random indices or thresholds, which are then used to select array elements or shuffle the array.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to implement standard random selection and shuffling algorithms, with no unusual or obfuscated code structures. The only minor anomaly is a potential typo in the 'shuffle' function's for loop, where 'range' is called but not defined within this snippet, which may cause runtime errors but is not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code imports modular functions for floating-point and integer random operations. It defines four functions: 'randomMember', which selects a random element; 'randomMemberWithoutReplacement', which removes and returns a random element; 'weightedRandomMember', which selects based on weights; and 'shuffle', which randomizes array order. The functions use standard algorithms like Fisher-Yates for shuffling. No hardcoded secrets, network calls, or system modifications are present. The use of default Math.random or supplied 'prng' functions is typical. The potential undefined 'range' function in 'shuffle' may be a bug, but it is not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be standard utility functions for random operations with no malicious intent. The only concern is a possible bug due to an undefined 'range' function, but this does not indicate malicious behavior. Overall, there are no signs of malware or security risks within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}