{
  "purpose": "This code is a QR code generator in JavaScript, providing functions to encode data into QR codes with various versions, modes, and ECC levels. It primarily constructs QR matrices and prepares visual representations.",
  "sources": "Inputs include the data string to encode, options object specifying version, mode, ECC level, and mask, as well as parameters like modulesize and margin for canvas rendering.",
  "sinks": "The code generates a QR matrix and a canvas object representing the QR code. The output is visual data (canvas instructions) and does not directly transmit or store data elsewhere.",
  "flows": "Input data is validated and encoded into code words, ECC is calculated and appended, then the QR matrix is built and masked with chosen or optimal mask patterns. Finally, a visual representation is created.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive QR matrix construction and encoding, with no external network communication, file operations, or data exfiltration present. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. There is no dynamic code execution or obfuscated segments; the code is clear and structured.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically builds a QR code matrix, encoding input data into code words, calculating ECC, and applying masks to optimize the QR matrix pattern. It uses well-known standards and mappings for QR modes, ECC levels, and masking functions. No suspicious external requests, data leaks, or malicious payloads are detected. The only concern could be if used maliciously to generate QR codes for phishing or malware delivery, but this is a common benign use case. There are no signs of malware such as remote network activity, data theft, or hidden backdoors. The code relies solely on local data processing and visualization.",
  "conclusion": "This is a standard, well-structured QR code generator module with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It does not contain malware, hardcoded secrets, or covert channels. The code is clean, purpose-specific, and safe for use in legitimate applications.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}