{
  "purpose": "This script is a Grunt task plugin that appends hash-based version identifiers to filenames and updates references within files accordingly for cache busting purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from configuration options (phase.files, phase.references), file system reads (grunt.file.expand, grunt.file.read), and the files to be renamed and referenced.",
  "sinks": "File renaming operations (fs.renameSync), file writes (grunt.file.write), and content replacements within referenced files. The hash function reads file contents, and the code updates file references in files based on filename hashes.",
  "flows": "File contents are hashed (source), filenames are renamed with appended hashes, and reference files are updated by replacing old filenames with new hashed filenames (sink).",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Uses standard modules and straightforward logic. No code executes external commands, network requests, or handles sensitive data in an unusual way. The code appears to be a typical build tool plugin with no malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Grunt task that renames files by appending hashes for cache busting, then updates references in other files. It uses standard modules (fs, path, crypto) and Grunt APIs. It reads file contents, hashes them, and renames files accordingly. It updates references based on a mapping, with error handling for missing version files. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or secret leaks observed. The only operations are file manipulations and string replacements. The code does not contain any obfuscated or malicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard cache-busting utility for web assets, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It performs filename hashing and reference updating in a safe manner. There are no suspicious or malicious behaviors identified. The code appears to be a legitimate build tool component.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}