{
  "purpose": "This script is a Grunt task that version-hashes files by appending a hash to their filenames and updating references within other files to point to the new filenames. It aims to facilitate cache busting and version control for static assets.",
  "sources": "User-provided configuration data, file system reads (grunt.file.expand, grunt.file.read), environment variables (none explicitly used), and the file paths provided as input to the task.",
  "sinks": "File renaming operations (fs.renameSync), file content rewriting (grunt.file.write), and reading from the filesystem (grunt.file.read). These are standard operations for static file management, with no untrusted data directly leading to security issues under typical use.",
  "flows": "Input data from configuration -> file expansion -> hashing -> renaming -> reference updating in files -> output version mapping.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. The code performs standard file hashing and renaming. No obfuscated or malicious logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Grunt task for file versioning by appending hashes. It reads files, computes hashes with crypto.createHash, renames files with fs.renameSync, and updates references within files. The hash function is straightforward, using MD5 by default, which is standard for cache busting. No external network calls, no data exfiltration, no dynamic code execution, and no use of environment variables or user input that could lead to security issues. The only potential concern is if the input files are maliciously crafted, but that is outside the scope of this code’s security assessment. Overall, the code performs legitimate static asset management functions without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a file versioning task for static assets. It securely hashes, renames, and updates references without malicious behavior or security risks. No malware or malicious anomalies are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}