{
  "purpose": "The provided code is a collection of React components primarily used for UI rendering, such as buttons, dropdowns, modals, and form inputs. It serves as a component library for building a web application's user interface.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include component props, children, user interactions (clicks, changes), and external data via props such as options, selected values, input values, etc.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted input (e.g., user input, external options) is mishandled or if sensitive data is embedded or exposed in the DOM or network requests. The code itself does not perform explicit network communication, file system access, or external API calls.",
  "flows": "Sources (props, user inputs) are used within components to control UI state. No explicit source-to-sink data flows involve untrusted data being used insecurely for sensitive operations. Data flows are primarily confined to component state updates and rendering logic.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code uses standard React and JSX patterns, and no obfuscated or suspicious language features are detected. External dependencies are common UI libraries and icons. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system access, or hidden network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code consists entirely of UI components implementing standard functionality like modals, dropdowns, buttons, inputs, and layout elements. No network calls, file system interactions, or environment variable accesses are included. The components handle user interactions and display data securely. There are no indications of malicious code injections, backdoors, or covert data leaks. The structure and syntax conform to typical React development practices. The components are isolated, stateless or stateful UI elements with no evident malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "Based on a comprehensive review of the source code, there are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code appears to be a standard UI component library intended for legitimate use. No evidence suggests supply chain sabotage or security compromises within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}