{
  "purpose": "This code defines a collection of React components used for building a UI library, including buttons, modals, dropdowns, file upload, date pickers, and other UI elements. The purpose is to provide reusable, styled components for web applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component props, such as user interactions (clicks, input changes), and from external libraries (e.g., react, react-day-picker, remixicon/react). It also reads DOM events (mousedown for outside clicks).",
  "sinks": "The code updates component states based on user interactions, triggers callbacks (onChange, onApply, onDelete), and manipulates DOM elements for dropdowns, modals, and date pickers. No data is sent over the network or written to files directly within these components.",
  "flows": "User interactions (clicks, input changes) act as sources that update local component states or invoke callbacks. For example, in date pickers and dropdowns, user selections update internal states and invoke external handlers. No external data flows or network calls are present.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets, are detected. No dynamic code execution, eval usage, or obfuscated code is present. All code appears to be standard React component definitions and UI logic. The CSS styles are inline and do not contain malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code consists solely of React component definitions that render UI elements, handle user events, and manage component state. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or covert network activity. The presence of event listeners (e.g., mousedown for outside clicks) is typical for UI components to handle user interactions. External libraries used (react, react-day-picker, remixicon/react) are well-known open-source packages. The code is structured logically with no signs of malicious obfuscation or hidden functionality. All components are for frontend UI purposes only, with no code that interacts with the system beyond rendering and event handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard UI component library implementation with no malicious intent. There are no signs of supply chain attacks, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The components perform typical UI functions such as dropdowns, modals, date pickers, and buttons. Based on the provided code, there is a very low likelihood of malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}