{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a collection of React components and utility functions used for building a UI library with various interactive elements such as buttons, dropdowns, modals, tables, and date pickers.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from component props, local state (useState), React children, DOM events (clicks, outside clicks), and external libraries (react, react-day-picker, remixicon, etc.). It also accesses document events for click outside detection.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation (click handlers, style changes), network requests (none observed explicitly), or manipulation of input values. There are no indications of data leaks or system commands. No code injection or eval-like functions are used.",
  "flows": "Input sources (props, state, user interactions) flow into component rendering and event handlers, which update state or trigger functions. User actions like clicks or input changes are handled locally; no external network or file system actions are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution patterns are observed. CSS styles and React component patterns are standard. The code structure is consistent and does not contain suspicious code constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of standard React component definitions with typical usage of props, state, refs, and event handlers. It uses external libraries for icons, date pickers, and styling. Event handlers handle UI interactions, state updates, and outside click detection. No suspicious network activity, dynamic code execution, or system commands are present. All data handling appears confined to the client-side UI logic. The code does not process untrusted input in a way that would lead to injection vulnerabilities, nor does it leak data externally. The patterns are typical for a React UI library.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the comprehensive review, the code demonstrates no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks. It is a standard React component library for UI elements with no suspicious patterns or behaviors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}