{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a comprehensive set of React components for UI elements such as buttons, dropdowns, modals, date pickers, tables, and more, intended for building a frontend application interface.",
  "sources": "Code reads input from component props, state variables, and user interactions such as clicks and input changes. It also accesses DOM elements via refs and document event listeners for outside click detection.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leak points include event handlers that process user input (e.g., search queries, input values), but they are confined to UI interactions without evident network transmission or insecure data handling. No explicit network requests, file system access, or environment variable use are present within this module.",
  "flows": "User interactions (clicks, input changes) trigger state updates and function calls within components. Data flows from user inputs or props into internal state and UI updates. No malicious data flows or command injections are observable.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are present. The code is mostly standard React component implementations, using common libraries such as react-day-picker, remixicon, class-variance-authority, etc. The code includes inline styles and CSS, but nothing suspicious or out of the ordinary for UI components.",
  "analysis": "The code is a large collection of React UI components, structured for modular usage. It uses standard React hooks, component patterns, and third-party libraries for icons and date pickers. No evidence of obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or system access. The components do not perform file system operations, network calls, or environment variable reads. The inclusion of event listeners for outside click detection is common for dropdowns and modals. The code does not include any logic that manipulates or exfiltrates data beyond UI state handling. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. Overall, the code serves as a UI library with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical React component library for building user interfaces. It contains no indicators of malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain attacks. It is safe to use in a frontend project. The absence of network activity, system access, or data exfiltration mechanisms confirms low malicious potential.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}