{
  "purpose": "A Vue.js drag-and-drop container component managing user interactions, DOM updates, and data state for reordering items.",
  "sources": "Props (from, source, name, tag), DOM events (mousedown, mousemove, mouseup), slot content (default vNodes), DOM attributes (data-id, data-name, data-from).",
  "sinks": "DOM attribute modifications, style updates, event listener attachments/removals, data array mutations (splice, swap), DOM element creation/removal.",
  "flows": "User initiates drag via mousedown → event handlers track movement → proxy element moves accordingly → on drop, data is reordered via splice or swap → DOM updates reflect new order.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious network activity. Uses standard event handling and DOM APIs. No dynamic code execution or external calls.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard drag-and-drop logic with DOM attribute setting, event listeners, and data mutations. No malicious patterns such as network exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors are present. The use of external modules (dom, manage, lodash) is typical and does not introduce security issues. The code is readable, with no obfuscation or suspicious constructs. The event handling is typical for UI interactions, and data mutations are confined to local arrays. No external network activity or code injection points are detected. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2) are appropriate given the code's nature.",
  "conclusion": "The dependency is a standard, well-structured drag-and-drop component with no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or obfuscation. The low malware and obfuscation scores are justified. The security risk remains minimal, primarily due to DOM manipulation and event handling, which are typical for such components. Overall, the code is safe and suitable for use in production environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}