{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a CSS-in-JS library for creating and managing styles, themes, and keyframes with support for SSR and environment detection. Its primary function is to generate and inject CSS rules based on style objects and tokens.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include style objects, token definitions, theme definitions, and environment variables. Data flows from user-provided style objects and configuration options into internal processing functions that generate CSS rules.",
  "sinks": "CSS rules are injected into style sheets via insertRule calls. Environment variables and configuration values influence CSS rule generation and class naming. No external network communication or data exfiltration is observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from style object processing functions into CSS rule creation, then into style sheet injection via insertRule. Tokens and style values are resolved through internal mappings before injection. Class names are generated based on hashes and configuration, with no external network calls.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code patterns such as hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are detected. The code uses standard CSS-in-JS techniques, and all logic appears focused on style generation and injection. No code appears to perform hidden or malicious actions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical CSS-in-JS library that processes style objects, handles tokens, manages themes, keyframes, and global styles. It includes functions for creating CSS rules, handling vendor prefixes, and generating class names based on hashes. Environment detection influences behavior for SSR versus client-side rendering. No network activity, hidden backdoors, or malicious data handling is observed. The logic is well-structured, and all operations relate to style processing, with no signs of malware or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate style management library with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It functions solely to process and inject CSS styles dynamically. There are no suspicious behaviors, hardcoded credentials, or malicious network activity detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}