{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for probabilistic success and failure simulation, including synchronous and asynchronous methods with configurable parameters.",
  "sources": "Parameters obtained from the 'ctx' object, specifically 'ratio', 'avg_dly', 'rslt_creater', and 'err_creater' which are used to determine success or failure outcomes.",
  "sinks": "The code calls user-defined functions 'rslt_creater' and 'err_creater' which generate results or errors, potentially leading to arbitrary code execution if these functions are maliciously overridden.",
  "flows": "Input 'ctx' is used to configure parameters, which influence random-based decision branches. Success path calls 'rslt_creater', failure path calls 'err_creater'. Both functions are user-definable, creating a source-to-sink flow based on external inputs.",
  "anomalies": "The use of default function placeholders that return undefined or Error objects is benign. However, the critical point is that 'rslt_creater' and 'err_creater' are user-defined, potentially malicious functions if supplied externally. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a probabilistic simulation utility that depends on user-supplied functions for result and error creation. The main concern is that these functions are injected via 'ctx' and can be maliciously crafted, leading to arbitrary code execution or security issues when invoked. The code does not perform unsafe operations internally but relies on external functions that could be malicious. The randomness and delay are typical for simulation, not malicious behavior. No malware signatures such as network connections or system modifications are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a configurable simulation tool with potential security risk stemming from its dependence on external functions ('rslt_creater' and 'err_creater') that could be malicious. It does not contain intrinsic malware or obfuscated code, but malicious inputs could lead to unsafe behavior. Overall, the code itself appears benign but should be used with trusted functions to avoid security issues.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 5
}