{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for mapping MIDI program numbers and percussion notes to their respective instrument names and categories, supporting various MIDI standards and extensions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'program', 'msb', 'lsb', and 'note'. It also accesses static arrays and objects like 'INSTRUMENTS', 'PERCUSSIVES', and several lookup tables for instrument names and categories.",
  "sinks": "There are no direct sinks where untrusted data flows into potentially dangerous system operations. The code does not perform network activity, file operations, or command executions. It primarily returns strings based on input parameters without using them in security-critical contexts.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('program', 'msb', 'lsb', 'note') are used to index into static data structures, producing instrument or percussion names. There is no transformation or flow that involves untrusted or external data influencing system state or causing side effects.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains multiple extensive lookup tables for instrument and percussion names, which appear to be static data without any dynamic or obfuscated logic. The 'programName' function has redundant conditional checks, always returning the instrument name with an appended ' *'. There are no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behaviors such as network connections, data leaks, or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "A detailed review shows that this code is a straightforward mapping utility for MIDI instrument and percussion identifiers. It uses static arrays and objects to retrieve human-readable names based on input parameters. The conditional logic in 'programName' is somewhat redundant but does not lead to malicious behavior. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or external data handling is present. The functions are pure and only return descriptive strings. There are no signs of malware or sabotage; it appears to be a benign lookup library for MIDI instruments and percussion sounds.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a static data mapping utility for MIDI instrument and percussion names, with no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. It simply provides descriptive labels for MIDI program numbers and percussion notes, and the logic is straightforward and safe.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}