{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for mapping MIDI program and percussion numbers to human-readable instrument, drum, and group names, primarily for MIDI data interpretation and display.",
  "sources": "Reads include function parameters 'program', 'msb', 'lsb', and 'note' which are input data related to MIDI messages. Data sources also include predefined static arrays and objects containing instrument and percussion mappings.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present in the code. The functions output strings based on input parameters without performing any data manipulation or external actions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (program, msb, lsb, note) to selected string outputs via lookup in static data structures. No external data or untrusted input flow beyond the function parameters, which are used solely for lookup.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of unusual code, dynamic code execution, or obfuscation. All data structures are static and straightforward. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code is solely for data mapping.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of static data arrays and objects mapping MIDI program numbers, percussion notes, and related identifiers to human-readable instrument names, percussion names, and instrument groups. The functions perform simple lookups based on input parameters and return descriptive strings. There is no dynamic code execution, network activity, or handling of untrusted external data. The logic is straightforward and intended for MIDI data display, with no suspicious behavior or malicious intent. No code injection, data leakage, or sabotage mechanisms are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a static lookup module for MIDI instrument and percussion naming. It contains no malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. It is a benign utility for interpreting MIDI data. Confidence in this conclusion is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}