{
  "purpose": "The code provides mappings for MIDI instrument programs, percussion notes, and program groups, allowing retrieval of instrument names based on program, msb, lsb, or note inputs. It appears designed for MIDI instrument identification and categorization.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through function parameters: 'program', 'msb', 'lsb' for 'programName'; 'note' for 'percussionName'; 'program' for 'programGroup'. These are external inputs passed into functions.",
  "sinks": "The functions return instrument names or group labels based on input data. No direct sinks that lead to data leaks, external communications, or system effect are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to index into predefined mapping objects or arrays, forming source-to-sink flows that return instrument names or categories based on external inputs.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are evident. The code mainly consists of static data structures and lookup functions. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or network activity is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured with large static arrays and objects mapping MIDI instrument and percussion data. Functions like 'programName', 'percussionName', and 'programGroup' perform simple lookups based on input parameters. No code execution or external data handling occurs beyond static lookups. The data appears comprehensive for MIDI instrument identification. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious signals are found. The code is straightforward and consistent with standard MIDI library functions.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a data mapping module for MIDI instrument identification, containing static lookup tables and simple functions. It exhibits no malicious behavior, suspicious anomalies, or security risks. It is safe for use and does not perform any malicious activities.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}