{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Grunt configuration for automating tasks related to generating web fonts from SVG icons, including various customization options such as templates, stylesheets, and output formats.",
  "sources": "Require statements for 'path' module; 'load-grunt-tasks' to load tasks; Grunt configuration for 'webfont', 'nodeunit', 'jshint', 'watch', 'jscs', and 'clean'. No external data sources or user input sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "Execution of Grunt tasks, especially 'load-grunt-tasks', 'initConfig', and 'registerTask', which invoke various build and test processes. No direct data sinks leading to external systems or network activity are present.",
  "flows": "Configuration parameters flow from the Grunt setup into task execution, mainly from 'initConfig' into task runs like 'webfont' and testing. No source-to-sink data flows indicating malicious activity.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code behaviors, such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The code primarily contains standard Grunt task configuration. No use of dynamic code execution, eval, or unusual variable names. The 'require' calls and task definitions are typical for build scripts.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a series of automated tasks for building icon fonts from SVG sources, using standard Node.js and Grunt plugins. It includes configuration for various output formats, templates, and testing. No code appears to perform network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications. The configuration is comprehensive but typical for a build process. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data leaks, backdoors, or malware. The code is well-structured, with no obfuscation or unusual language features.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build configuration for Grunt, aimed at generating icon fonts with various customization options. It does not contain any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code is safe, and its purpose is clear and typical for build automation scripts.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}