{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a JavaScript library for creating and managing progress bars and DOM manipulation, event handling, and querying functions. It is designed for UI enhancements and DOM interactions.",
  "sources": "Input sources include DOM elements, function arguments, and configuration objects. The code reads from element properties, function parameters, and global objects like Date and window.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation methods (appendChild, insertBefore, classList, setAttribute), event listener attachment/removal, and data updates (e.g., brogress.value).",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources such as function parameters or element properties into DOM manipulation functions and style updates, primarily through method calls like brogress.value() and DOM element style modifications.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors are detected. The code uses standard libraries, straightforward DOM APIs, and common UI logic. No obfuscated code, network requests, or system-level commands are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a combination of DOM manipulation, event handling, and UI components, primarily for progress bars and DOM querying. It relies on standard, well-known libraries (crel, default-style, etc.). All operations appear typical for UI libraries, with no evidence of malicious intent. No suspicious data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors are present. The code does not perform any system-level operations, file access, or network requests. It is well-structured and uses common patterns for web UI components.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard JavaScript UI library for progress bars and DOM interactions. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It functions as intended for UI purposes without any hidden or malicious code segments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}