{
  "purpose": "This code implements a progress bar UI component with style toggling, DOM manipulation, and event handling functionalities. It appears to be designed for visual display of progress and user interaction.",
  "sources": [
    "require('../') in the main module",
    "window.Date.now() in animateProgress()",
    "crel() function for DOM creation",
    "document.body in document ready callback",
    "event listeners attached via doc().on() and element.addEventListener()"
  ],
  "sinks": [
    "manipulation of DOM elements via crel and document methods",
    "event handling functions that could invoke callbacks with untrusted data",
    "setting styles and classes dynamically"
  ],
  "flows": [
    "Event listener on toggleButton triggers switchStyles() which modifies brogress.style()",
    "animateProgress() updates brogress.value() based on current time and triggers DOM style updates",
    "User clicks toggleButton, triggering DOM event, calling switchStyles()",
    "Event callbacks may process untrusted data if callbacks are external"
  ],
  "anomalies": [
    "No hardcoded credentials, tokens, or secret keys are visible.",
    "No network requests, data exfiltration, or system commands are present.",
    "Code includes only UI rendering, DOM manipulation, and event handling logic.",
    "Use of external dependencies (crel, default-style, doc-js) appears standard and benign.",
    "No obfuscation or unusual language features. Minified code is standard library code.",
    "No suspicious URLs, network activity, or system modifications detected."
  ],
  "analysis": "The code primarily creates and manages a progress bar UI element with style toggling and animation. It uses well-known libraries for DOM manipulation and styling. No input is accepted from external sources beyond event handlers, and no network activity or system access is performed. The event handlers and DOM updates are typical for UI components and do not suggest malicious intent. All external dependencies are standard libraries with no known malicious versions. The code does not include any backdoors, hidden network communication, data leaks, or system modifications. Overall, the code appears to be a benign UI module with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a straightforward UI component for displaying and toggling a progress bar. It uses standard libraries and performs typical DOM and style manipulations. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain attacks. The code is safe and free from malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}