{
  "purpose": "This code provides React components for animated number display, including count-up and loading animations, with configurable delays and styles.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'number' prop, environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), and DOM elements via useRef.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies DOM element styles directly, adds event listeners, and creates style elements in the document head.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'number' prop flows into NumberContainer components, which conditionally render NumberResult or NumberLoading components. useEffect hooks set style properties and event listeners on DOM nodes. Style injection affects document head.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically injects CSS styles into document head, which is common for CSS-in-JS but could be exploited to inject malicious styles if manipulated externally. There are no suspicious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or hidden network connections. The code does not send data over the network or access environment variables beyond NODE_ENV. No code appears to execute untrusted input as code (e.g., eval or Function constructor).",
  "analysis": "The script primarily contains React component definitions with style injections and animations for visual effects. It uses environment variables to switch between development and production modes, and attaches event listeners to DOM elements for animation handling. The style injection function writes CSS into the document head. No obfuscated code, network communication, or suspicious data handling is present. The overall structure aligns with typical React-based animated number display components. No malicious behavior or sabotage is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign React component module for animated number display with style injection. It does not contain malicious behavior, network activity, or sabotage mechanisms. The use of style injection and DOM event handling is typical for such UI components and does not suggest malware. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}