{
  "purpose": "The code defines React components for animated number displays, including NumberResult, NumberLoading, NumberContainer, and Countup, mainly for visual presentation with animation effects.",
  "sources": "Reads include process.env.NODE_ENV, React environment variables, DOM elements (e.g., style), and component props such as number, style, delay, duration, startDelay, endDelay, etc.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve setting inline styles dynamically, adding/removing event listeners on DOM elements, and rendering React components. No direct data leaks or insecure operations are evident.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data flows from component props (number, style, delays) through React components to DOM elements; environment variables influence runtime environment but are not used maliciously. The number props are processed but not executed or injected as code.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex delay calculations with options for 'ease-in' and 'ease-out', but these are used for animation timing. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activities are present. The code primarily focuses on UI rendering with animations and does not perform external data transmission or system modification.",
  "analysis": "Step-by-step analysis shows that the code is a React-based number animation library. It employs safe React patterns, with no evident data leaks, external network activity, or code execution outside React rendering. The only potentially suspicious aspect is the use of environment variables, which are standard. No obfuscated or minified malicious code, reverse shells, or system damage code is detected. The dynamic styling and event listener management are typical for animations. Overall, the code is benign and intended for UI effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React component library for animated number displays, with no malicious intent or security risks detected. It performs UI rendering and animation timing calculations securely without external or system-side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}