{
  "purpose": "This module provides various mathematical utility functions for number manipulation, including clamping, wrapping, rounding, arithmetic operations, distance calculations, random boolean generation, and decimal-to-binary conversion.",
  "sources": "The functions read input parameters such as numbers, ranges, and points (objects with x and y). The only source of untrusted data is the input parameters provided during function calls.",
  "sinks": "The functions do not write or send data externally. No sinks are present that transmit or leak data over networks, or modify system files.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through mathematical operations within each function but does not lead to external data transmission or side effects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments are present. The only potential anomaly is the recursive implementation of decToBinary, but it is a standard decimal-to-binary conversion without malicious intent. The sub function subtracts all input numbers cumulatively, which may produce unexpected results if used as a subtraction but is not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of standard mathematical utility functions with straightforward implementations. Clamp, wrap, and round functions perform common calculations without side effects. The add and sub functions handle multiple arguments and return numerical results. The distance functions compute Euclidean and 1D distances. The boolRand function provides random boolean-like output, but returns 1 or -1 instead of true/false, which could be misleading but is not malicious. The decToBinary function performs decimal to binary conversion using recursion, which is correct and not suspicious. There are no indications of data leaks, external network calls, or malicious behaviors. No obfuscation or unusual language features are used.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of standard mathematical utility functions with no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It is well-structured, with no external data leaks or harmful side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}