{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript object 'SPChart' for rendering a radar chart with tooltips and labels using D3.js. It provides configuration options, rendering methods, and utility functions to visualize data interactively.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from 'data' parameter passed to the 'draw' method, and configuration options from the 'options' parameter. It also reads DOM elements identified by 'id' for SVG rendering.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation via d3 selections (appending SVG, groups, shapes, text), and event handling for mouseover/mouseout on chart elements. Data binding occurs on 'circle' elements representing data points.",
  "flows": "Data from the 'data' parameter flows into rendering functions, which generate SVG elements, attach event listeners for interactivity, and display tooltips. User interaction triggers 'markMouseOver' and 'markMouseOut' functions to show/hide tooltips.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code or hardcoded credentials; the code strictly handles visualization. No network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications are present. The only dynamic behavior involves DOM updates and event-driven tooltip display.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a chart rendering library that creates an SVG radar chart with interactive tooltips. It uses D3.js for DOM manipulation, scale, and event handling. There are no obfuscated, suspicious, or malicious constructs. The code performs typical data visualization tasks without any external data fetching, network communication, or system modification. All functions serve legitimate purposes aligned with rendering and interactivity. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are evident. The code is well-structured for visualization only.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a legitimate data visualization module utilizing D3.js. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. Its purpose is to generate an interactive radar chart for student scores and attention coefficients, with tooltip support. Overall, it is safe and does not pose security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}