{
  "purpose": "The code provides color manipulation utilities, including luminance calculation, color format conversions, and contrast evaluation based on the APCA (Advanced Perceptual Contrast Algorithm). It appears intended for accessibility and contrast assessment in web design.",
  "sources": "Color input formats (hex strings, RGB/RGBA, HSL/HSLA, named colors), functions like getAPCAContrast and hexToColor which read color data from parameters.",
  "sinks": "Functions that process color data to produce contrast values, color conversions, and string outputs. No sinks for untrusted input leading to critical effects are present.",
  "flows": "Input color strings → parsing and conversion functions → luminance calculations and contrast computations → output values (numeric or string representations).",
  "anomalies": "Code is primarily focused on color processing; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code segments detected. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns identified. No network or system modification code present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured color utility library that performs luminance calculations, contrast checks, and color format conversions. It uses standard regex parsing for color formats, predefined color name mappings, and mathematical formulas aligned with color science standards. There are no indications of hidden or malicious behavior, such as network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection. It relies solely on computational functions and warnings for invalid input. The code does not attempt to access or modify system resources or perform any unauthorized actions. The presence of console warnings for invalid inputs is standard debugging practice and not suspicious. No obfuscated or dynamically executed code segments are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a color utility library with a focus on accessibility contrast metrics. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. It is safe based on current analysis, with no hidden functions or data leakage mechanisms detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}