{
  "purpose": "The code defines a 2D vector class with various mathematical operations such as addition, subtraction, rotation, normalization, and comparison.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through parameters passed to functions, such as vectors and scalar values, primarily in methods like set, add, subtract, multiply, rotate, normalize, and skew.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include mathematical operations that could be exploited if untrusted data were manipulated, but no direct data leaks or external network interactions are present. There are no obvious data exfiltration points or unsafe data handling.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (vectors and scalar values) into mathematical computations within methods like add, subtract, multiply, rotate, and skew. No external data sources or outputs are evident, and no data is sent over network or stored persistently.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward, well-structured, and free of obfuscated or suspicious code segments. No hardcoded secrets, unusual control flow, or hidden behaviors are observed. The methods perform standard vector math with optional return of new instances or in-place modification. No code injection or malicious logic is present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard 2D vector class with common operations: setting, zeroing, negating, adding, subtracting, multiplying, rotating, calculating length, normalizing, comparing, and generating absolute, min, max, and skew vectors. All functions operate purely on input parameters and internal properties, with no external data access, network activity, or file manipulation. No signs of obfuscation, malware, or malicious intent are evident. The code's mathematical functions could theoretically be misused if user input is directly fed into methods without validation, but this is typical for mathematical libraries and not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a standard, legitimate implementation of a 2D vector utility class. It does not contain malware, malicious behaviors, or security risks. There are no indications of sabotage or covert data handling. The code is clean and purpose-focused, with no suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}