{
  "purpose": "This JavaScript library provides an interface for interacting with an OpenCPU server, enabling data and code uploads, session management, and plotting functionalities within web applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from DOM elements (e.g., file inputs), URL parameters, and server responses via AJAX calls. It also reads script configuration through function parameters and session data.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include AJAX requests to the server (sending data via POST, JSON, or multipart forms), setting URLs, and handling server responses, especially if input data is untrusted or manipulated.",
  "flows": "Data flows from DOM inputs or function arguments into AJAX request data; server responses (such as session details or plot images) are then processed and displayed in the webpage. For example, file uploads (Upload object) are sent via multipart/form-data; code snippets or JSON data are sent via POST/JSON; responses are fetched and rendered.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for a client library, with no evident hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The only minor concern could be the use of alert() for missing dependencies, which is benign. There are no obfuscated or intentionally misleading constructs. No suspicious network calls or code injections are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward JavaScript library facilitating communication with an OpenCPU server. It manages sessions, data uploads, code snippets, and plot rendering. AJAX requests are made with proper data handling, and URL management includes CORS considerations. No hardcoded secrets, malicious code, or unusual behaviors are identified. The functions follow standard patterns for web-based API interaction. The alert messages for missing jQuery or HTML5 support are typical user notifications, not malicious. Overall, the code appears well-structured and secure, with no signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a client library for OpenCPU interaction, with no malicious behavior or security risks detected. It safely manages server communication, data uploads, and visualization, following standard practices. No backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}