{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for CSS processing, including unit conversion, regex validation, media query checking, and rule validation in a CSS-in-JS or PostCSS context.",
  "sources": "Input data includes file paths from decl.source.input.file, rule objects with source input, and options passed to functions. Data is read during function calls for processing CSS rules and selectors.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are functions that process untrusted CSS rules and selectors, such as blacklistedSelector and validateRule, which evaluate selectors against blacklists and file paths against include/exclude rules. The createPxReplace function computes CSS values, but does not execute system commands.",
  "flows": "Source data (file paths, options, CSS declarations) flow into validation and processing functions, influencing CSS rule handling and value replacement. No untrusted data flows into system commands or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments detected. The code performs standard validation, conversion, and matching operations. No obfuscated or suspicious language features observed.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises utility functions for CSS processing, including checks for regex validity, media query types, and duplicate declarations. It utilizes file paths and selectors for filtering rules, which could be exploited if input data is maliciously crafted, but no malicious payloads or system manipulations are present. Functions like createPxReplace perform calculations and value replacements, which are standard for CSS transformations. No system commands, network requests, or external data leaks are detected. The pattern of marking objects with a 'processed' symbol is benign and common in processing pipelines.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs legitimate CSS utility functions with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not contain any code that would exfiltrate data, execute system commands, or include backdoors. The functions are safe and align with standard CSS processing practices.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}