{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions to parse and convert CSS easing functions, including shorthand, steps, and cubic-bezier types, into coordinate data for animations or visualizations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters: 'easingFunction' and 'polySteps'. It also calls 'shared.getFunctionArguments' to parse function arguments from strings.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present that handle untrusted data leading to data leaks or malicious actions. No network, file, or environment operations are performed.",
  "flows": "Input 'easingFunction' is processed through parsing logic, with arguments extracted via 'shared.getFunctionArguments'. The function returns coordinate data based on parsed input, with no external data flow outside input and output functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. Error handling is straightforward. No suspicious or malicious code segments detected.",
  "analysis": "The code validates the format of CSS easing function strings, converting shorthand to full forms, parsing arguments for 'steps' and 'cubic-bezier' functions, and returning coordinate data accordingly. It performs input validation and throws descriptive errors if input does not meet expected formats. No external data or system modifications are involved. The import statements reference local libraries, and the code's logic is focused solely on parsing and converting easing functions. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or malicious side effects.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard parsing utility for CSS easing functions with proper validation and no evidence of malicious intent. It functions to convert easing specifications into coordinate data for animations or visualizations. No malicious or suspicious behaviors are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}