{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for normalizing GraphQL responses, including functions for string case transformations, pluralization, and a main GraphQLNormalizr function to process and normalize GraphQL data.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters such as 'data', 'node', 'value', and 'root'. It also reads configuration options from the input object passed to 'GraphQLNormalizr'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the cache (via 'cache.get' and 'cache.set'), which could be manipulated if the cache implementation is insecure. There are no evident network or system command executions, or data exfiltration points.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into normalization functions, with optional caching and recursive traversal of GraphQL data structures. String transformations and case conversions are performed on type names and keys. No external system calls or network requests are observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard utility and normalization logic with no obfuscated code, malicious payloads, or unusual behavior. The presence of extensive string manipulation and case conversion functions is consistent with normal data processing libraries. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are identified.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for string case conversions, pluralization, object property access, and type checking, which are common in data normalization tasks. The main 'GraphQLNormalizr' function offers customizable normalization of GraphQL responses, including handling of connections, caching, and type mappings. It performs recursive traversal and normalization without executing external commands or network requests. No code indicates malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system manipulation. The cache usage is straightforward and configurable. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate library for normalizing GraphQL data with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard GraphQL normalization utility library with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs data processing and string transformations as intended, with optional caching. No suspicious or malicious activity is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}