{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript library named 'GraphQLNormalizr' intended for normalizing GraphQL response data into a structured, nested format, with optional caching and configuration for naming conventions, connection handling, and type mapping.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data during the 'normalize' function and GraphQL query strings via 'graphql.parse'. It also accesses internal variables for configuration and caching (via the 'cache' Map).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'normalize' function's data processing and the 'graphql.parse' method, which could be misused if malicious input is provided. No direct network or system calls are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from the 'normalize' method, through recursive traversal and transformation functions, into the 'normalized' output object. GraphQL query strings are parsed and modified by 'addRequiredFields'. There are no external sinks involving network or system operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets are present. The code includes extensive utility functions (e.g., pluralize, caseTransform), which are standard. There are no obfuscated or misleading code segments. No evidence of code injection, data leakage, or malicious system interaction is found.",
  "analysis": "The code performs data normalization for GraphQL responses, employing safe practices: no system calls, network access, or environment variable usage. The caching mechanism is simple and local (Map object). The parsing and modification of GraphQL queries via 'graphql.parse' and 'visit' are standard operations for GraphQL tooling. Utility functions like pluralize, case transformations, and object property access are implemented securely. The code does not contain any suspicious operations such as data exfiltration, code injection, or remote communication. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate utility library focused on GraphQL data normalization with configurable options.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured JavaScript utility library for GraphQL normalization. It contains no malicious behavior or sabotage signals. The implementation relies solely on local data processing, with no network or system interference. The security risk is negligible, and the malware score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}