{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JavaScript library for normalizing GraphQL responses, including utility functions for string case conversions, pluralization, and GraphQL query parsing and manipulation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from GraphQL query strings, GraphQL responses, and parameters passed to functions such as 'normalize'. It also reads configuration options and internal state variables like 'cache'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include 'console.warn' for warnings, 'cache.set' and 'cache.get' for caching data, and 'graphql.visit' and 'graphql.parse' for processing GraphQL queries. No evidence of data leakage or unsafe system commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and response data through normalization functions and string utilities, possibly stored in cache or used for GraphQL query modification. The cache is read at the start of normalization and written after processing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. The code uses standard utility functions for string manipulation, pluralization, and GraphQL query modifications. No dynamic code execution or network activity observed. The only warnings are related to expected conditions, not malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a library that normalizes GraphQL responses, providing utilities for string case conversions, pluralization, and GraphQL query parsing. It employs standard JavaScript patterns, including utility functions, error handling with console warnings, and cache management. No indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system commands, or hidden backdoors are evident. The use of cache and string manipulation appears benign. The presence of console warnings and caching logic are typical for such libraries. The code is not minified or obfuscated, and uses common patterns consistent with open-source libraries.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate open-source GraphQL normalization library. No malicious intent, malware, or security risks are detected. The code employs standard practices without evidence of sabotage or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}