{
  "purpose": "This code implements a JavaScript library called GraphQLNormalizr that normalizes GraphQL responses into a structured, entity-based format. It provides functions for string case transformations, pluralization, and GraphQL query manipulation and normalization.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through functions like 'normalize', which processes GraphQL response objects, and 'parse', which parses GraphQL queries. It also reads configuration options and external inputs for normalization and string transformations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of 'console.warn' for warnings and errors, 'console.log' for debug output, and 'cache.set' for storing normalized data. The cache is a Map object storing cached normalization results.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input GraphQL responses through normalization functions, which may use cached data if available, and then outputs normalized entity objects. String transformation functions manipulate type and field names. Warnings are emitted via console warnings when certain conditions are met (e.g., pageInfo used without 'useConnections' enabled).",
  "anomalies": "The code includes extensive use of dynamic data access (prop function), string case transformations, and pluralization functions. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns are apparent. The cache management is straightforward. The code does not perform network requests or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a well-structured library for normalizing GraphQL responses. It manipulates data and configuration via straightforward functions, uses a Map cache for storing normalized data, and provides options for customizing normalization behavior. No code injection, data leakage, or system manipulation code is present. Warning and cache mechanisms are standard. The code does not contain obfuscated or hidden malicious patterns; it uses clear functions and logic. External dependencies are only the 'graphql' library, which is used for parsing and visiting GraphQL queries. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage within this module.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a GraphQL normalization library with no suspicious or malicious behavior detected. It performs data normalization, string case conversions, and caching in a transparent manner. No malware, backdoors, or harmful data leaks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}