{
  "purpose": "The code provides externs and stub definitions for the Google Closure Compiler, primarily related to Leaflet map library functionalities, event handling, and custom map controls.",
  "sources": "The code reads global objects (window, L), property accesses, method calls on these objects, and object property initializations. It also reads configuration options and method parameters.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks that process untrusted data; no network requests, file operations, or data leaks are present. The code defines functions and objects but does not invoke external interactions with user input or network.",
  "flows": "The code sets up prototypes and class structures, linking source objects (like map, marker, control) to potential method calls, but there are no actual data flow paths from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks; it is mostly interface definitions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. No unusual or obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is detected. The code strictly consists of function and class declarations, property definitions, and empty function stubs.",
  "analysis": "The code is an externs file for Google Closure Compiler, defining types and prototypes for the Leaflet library and related controls. It includes placeholder functions, prototypes, and class extensions without implementation logic. No data manipulation, network requests, or security-sensitive operations are present. There are no signs of malicious code, such as hidden network communication, backdoors, or credential leaks. The purpose is solely to inform the compiler of existing library interfaces, with no executable logic that could be exploited or misused.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a benign externs declaration file for map and control objects in Leaflet. It contains no malicious behavior, no data processing, and no suspicious activity. It does not pose any security risk.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}