{
  "purpose": "This source code appears to define and export several configuration objects and properties related to a plugin base, possibly for a larger system or framework. It primarily sets up constants and default settings for plugins, including security group configurations, environment variables, and plugin parameters.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from internal constant definitions and imported modules such as 'ISecurityGroup', 'IpvC', 'ContainerImage', 'FolderSystem', and 'Filename'. It does not process external untrusted input directly.",
  "sinks": "The code does not explicitly send data over networks, write to files, or perform operations that involve untrusted data sources or outputs. There are no clear sinks related to data leaks or malicious actions.",
  "flows": "The code flow consists mainly of defining and exporting configuration objects. No data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains large base64 encoded source map comment, which is typical minification or transpilation artifact, not suspicious by itself. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code constructs are observed. The structure is consistent with standard configuration setup files.",
  "analysis": "The code imports several modules, then declares and exports multiple configuration objects with default values related to security groups, plugin parameters, and environment settings. It includes comments explaining the purpose of each configuration, such as security groups and plugin options. No runtime data processing, external input handling, or network activities are present. The presence of a base64 source map comment suggests minified or transpiled code, which is common for build artifacts. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. The code appears to be a standard configuration setup module for a plugin system.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical configuration module with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It only defines static configuration objects and imports, with no evidence of data leaks, network connections, or malicious behavior. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}