{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a precompiled template for rendering HTML pages using the Nunjucks templating engine. Its purpose is to generate a simple HTML document with a header and body sections.",
  "sources": "The code reads from the environment, context, and runtime objects for template rendering, particularly functions like context.getBlock and runtime.handleError. It also references parentTemplate if defined.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs HTML content into the 'output' variable, which is then returned via callback. No direct data sinks such as network or system calls are present.",
  "flows": "Input data from environment, context, and runtime are used to generate output strings. The template rendering functions call getBlock for 'header' and 'body', then concatenate the resulting content into the output variable, which is ultimately returned.",
  "anomalies": "The code is standard precompiled template code with no hardcoded secrets, obfuscated logic, or suspicious function calls. It uses typical try-catch error handling. There are no external network calls, code injections, or data leaks evident.",
  "analysis": "Step 1: The code defines a root function for rendering the template, which assembles an HTML page using callback-based asynchronous functions. Step 2: It calls getBlock('header') and getBlock('body') to insert content into the template. Step 3: The header and body functions (b_header, b_body) return default static HTML snippets. Step 4: Error handling is managed via runtime.handleError. Step 5: There are no dynamic code executions, network requests, or suspicious logic; the code strictly performs template rendering. Step 6: The structure and functions align with typical precompiled Nunjucks templates, with no anomalies or malicious indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard precompiled Nunjucks template for generating static HTML content. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data leaks, or security risks. The code functions solely to output predefined HTML snippets without external data or side effects.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}