{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a JavaScript module for creating and managing examples/scenarios, generating HTML views, and handling source code sources such as scripts, styles, and JSON data for demonstration or testing purposes.",
  "sources": "Data is read from parameters such as 'list' in the ids() function, source code content in addSource() method, and various input parameters like deps, name, and content. User input is indirectly handled through these inputs.",
  "sinks": "The code generates HTML snippets, including script and style tags, and manipulates DOM elements via ng- directives. No direct data sinks involving untrusted data lead to external system interaction or data leakage within this code.",
  "flows": "Sources (e.g., source code content and parameters) flow into HTML generation functions (toHtml, toHtmlEdit, etc.) which produce HTML with embedded scripts/styles. No external network or system interactions are present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code is primarily responsible for generating HTML views and managing source lists. Variable naming and control flow are standard. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically manages source code snippets for an example or demo environment, allowing adding dependencies, source files, and toggling animations. It generates HTML content for display, including scripts, styles, and embedded code snippets, primarily for UI representation. There are no signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, remote connections, or sabotage. The use of dynamic HTML generation via string concatenation is typical for such environments and does not inherently introduce security risks, assuming the inputs are sanitized elsewhere. No external network activity, cryptominers, or backdoors are evident. The code does include some basic mechanisms for ensuring source ID uniqueness, but these are not malicious. Overall, the code appears to be standard application code for demo environment setup and visualization.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a straightforward JavaScript module for managing and rendering source code examples, with no malicious behavior or supply chain security issues detected. It appears safe under normal usage assumptions, with no signs of malware or significant security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}