{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a JavaScript module for managing and rendering code examples, including source code, dependencies, and HTML previews for educational or documentation purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data includes 'scenarios' passed to the constructor, 'name' and 'content' parameters in addSource(), and internally generated IDs and content strings.",
  "sinks": "HTML content generation, DOM interactions via ng- directives, and dynamically assembled HTML strings that could inject content into a webpage.",
  "flows": "Input 'scenarios' and source code content flow into internal arrays; 'addSource' processes 'name' and 'content', generating IDs and adding to the appropriate arrays; 'toHtml' methods generate HTML outputs with embedded source code and controls.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. Usage of dynamic HTML generation is standard for this kind of module. No obfuscated code or external network calls are present. The code manages source content and UI controls but does not perform any malicious actions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured utility for managing code snippets, dependencies, and HTML rendering. It uses predictable methods to add sources, generate IDs, and produce HTML for display. The source-to-sink flows involve assembling HTML strings with source content, which is typical for documentation or demo pages. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, network communications, or backdoors. The usage of ng- directives is for AngularJS bindings and does not indicate malicious intent. The code does not perform any operations that could be exploited maliciously. Overall, the code appears benign and intended for educational or presentation purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a content management and rendering utility for code examples, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It functions to organize, display, and control source code snippets and demos, and does not perform any harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}