{
  "purpose": "The code defines and exports a Vue.js component that renders an SVG with animated particles, a heart shape, and explosion effects for a 'like' button interface, supporting SSR and style injection.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from props (clicked, color, subColor, size, duration, disabled), internal component state (particles), and module variables. It also reads external style injection functions during SSR.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include style injection functions, event emitters (click event), and possibly rendering SVG elements that could be manipulated if inputs are malicious.",
  "flows": "Input props trigger style changes and event emissions. User interactions invoke 'onClickLikeButton' which emits 'click' event. Style injection functions process CSS for SSR. Rendering functions output SVG with animated particles and effects.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains typical Vue component patterns, style injections for SSR, and animation keyframes. No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activity are present. No obfuscation or unusual language features are detected. The code appears to be a complex but legitimate UI component.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Vue.js SVG-like button component with animated explosion and particles, utilizing SSR style injection mechanisms and standard Vue patterns. There are no signs of malware such as network communication, data exfiltration, reverse shells, or hidden backdoors. The use of style injection functions and event handling aligns with normal Vue SSR practices. All code appears focused on rendering visual effects. No suspicious or malicious behavior observed.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a legitimate Vue.js component designed for visual effects in a user interface. It contains no evidence of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It functions as intended for enhancing UI interaction with animated SVG elements.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}