{
  "purpose": "This code implements algorithms for Attitude and Heading Reference Systems (AHRS), specifically Madgwick and Mahony algorithms, for sensor fusion and orientation estimation using IMU data. It provides functionality to initialize, update, and retrieve orientation data in quaternion and Euler angles.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from IMU sensors: gyroscope (gx, gy, gz), accelerometer (ax, ay, az), and magnetometer (mx, my, mz). It also receives configuration options for algorithm parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any clear data leakage, network communication, or system modification. It only processes sensor data internally to compute orientation states.",
  "flows": "Sensor inputs (gyroscope, accelerometer, magnetometer) are fed into the update functions. These functions process and normalize the data, compute orientation quaternions, and output orientation states. No external data or commands are sent outside these computations.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard and implements well-known sensor fusion algorithms without unusual or suspicious logic. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The code is well-structured and documented.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of established AHRS algorithms. It reads sensor data, normalizes inputs, calculates orientation using quaternion mathematics, and provides methods to retrieve orientation in different formats. No external network calls, file modifications, or data exfiltration routines are present. The functions perform mathematical computations typical for sensor fusion. The initialization and update processes are standard. The code adheres to expected practices and uses standard math functions without dynamic or eval-like execution.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate implementation of sensor fusion algorithms for orientation estimation, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It solely processes sensor data locally to compute orientation states. No malicious or suspicious signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}