{
  "purpose": "The code implements sensor fusion algorithms (Madgwick and Mahony) for orientation estimation using IMU and magnetometer data, and provides utility functions for extracting Euler angles and quaternions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from gyroscope, accelerometer, and magnetometer readings passed to update functions, as well as configuration options during initialization.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs quaternion and Euler angles via getter functions; it does not write or send data externally, nor does it store data persistently.",
  "flows": "Input sensor data flows into update functions (e.g., mahonyAHRSUpdate, madgwickAHRSUpdate) which process and normalize data, then update internal quaternion state, which can be retrieved via getQuaternion or getEulerAngles methods.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden code detected. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration routines. No use of eval or dynamic code execution. The algorithms are standard implementations with no obfuscation or misleading variables.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of orientation estimation algorithms based on sensor data. It normalizes inputs, calculates orientation using quaternion math, and provides functions to retrieve orientation in different formats. No signs of malicious behavior such as data theft, remote communication, or sabotage are present. The code is well-structured, with no obfuscation or hidden functionalities. It does not perform any operations outside typical sensor fusion computations. The code appears safe and intended solely for orientation estimation.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, open-source implementation of sensor fusion algorithms for orientation estimation. It contains no malicious behaviors, backdoors, or security risks. It is safe for use in applications requiring orientation data processing.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}