{
  "purpose": "This code provides implementations of various attitude and heading reference system (AHRS) algorithms, specifically Madgwick and Mahony algorithms, for sensor fusion to derive orientation from IMU data. It facilitates sensor data processing for orientation estimation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input sensor data such as gyroscope, accelerometer, and magnetometer readings, especially within the update functions and initialization routines.",
  "sinks": "The code computes and outputs quaternion and Euler angles representing orientation; it does not directly write or send data externally but exposes methods for data retrieval. No sinks involve untrusted data leading to security concerns.",
  "flows": "Sensor data (gyroscope, accelerometer, magnetometer) are read in update functions. These inputs flow through normalization, mathematical calculations, and quaternion updates, resulting in orientation outputs via getQuaternion and getEulerAngles methods.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code or hard-coded secrets detected. The code strictly performs mathematical operations for sensor fusion algorithms. There are no signs of obfuscated code, backdoors, or suspicious logic. The code relies on standard mathematical transformations.",
  "analysis": "The code implements well-known sensor fusion algorithms for orientation estimation. It reads sensor data inputs, normalizes them, performs quaternion calculations, and provides orientation outputs. The code is structured as a module with methods to initialize and update based on sensor data. There are no indications of malicious behavior, such as network connections, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The implementation appears standard and consistent with open-source sensor fusion libraries. No hardcoded credentials or external data leaks are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward implementation of open-source attitude estimation algorithms. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. The code is well-structured for sensor data processing and orientation output, with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}