{
  "purpose": "The code implements orientation estimation algorithms (Madgwick and Mahony) for sensor fusion using IMU and magnetometer data, and provides utility functions to convert quaternion orientation data to Euler angles or vectors.",
  "sources": "The code reads sensor data inputs such as gyroscope, accelerometer, and magnetometer readings passed to update functions. It also reads configuration options for algorithm parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs quaternion orientation data via getQuaternion() and Euler angles via getEulerAngles(). No data is sent over network or stored externally.",
  "flows": "Sensor data (gyroscope, accelerometer, magnetometer) are processed within update functions to produce orientation quaternions. No external or untrusted data flows to sensitive sinks such as system files or network connections.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are observed. The code is mainly mathematical and algorithmic, with standard quaternion and sensor fusion calculations. No obfuscation or unnecessary dynamic code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises well-known sensor fusion algorithms (Madgwick and Mahony), with standard mathematical operations for normalization, cross products, and quaternion calculations. Initialization functions set the quaternion based on initial sensor readings. The module exports functions to retrieve orientation data in various formats. No suspicious data handling, network activity, or malicious behavior is evident. The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of orientation estimation algorithms, with no evidence of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of sensor fusion algorithms for orientation estimation, with no malicious or suspicious behavior detected. It only processes sensor data internally and provides orientation outputs, fitting its purpose without any signs of compromise.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}