{
  "purpose": "This code implements various sensor fusion algorithms (Madgwick, Mahony, and combined AHRS) for processing IMU and magnetometer data to produce orientation information, such as quaternions and Euler angles.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from gyroscope, accelerometer, and magnetometer sensors provided to the update functions, including gx, gy, gz, ax, ay, az, mx, my, mz, and deltaTimeSec.",
  "sinks": "The code returns orientation data via getQuaternion and getEulerAngles methods, which could be used downstream. No direct data leaks, network transmissions, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "flows": "Sensor data inputs (gyroscope, accelerometer, magnetometer) flow into update functions, which process and normalize the data, then update internal quaternion state; outputs (quaternion and Euler angles) are generated from internal state via getter functions.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code or hardcoded secrets observed. The code performs standard sensor fusion calculations, normalizations, and conversions. No backdoors, network activity, or suspicious behaviors identified. The initialisation functions set the orientation based on sensor readings, which is standard. No obfuscated code or dynamic eval-like functions are present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides multiple sensor fusion algorithms (Madgwick, Mahony) for IMU and magnetometer data. It reads sensor input parameters, normalizes the data, and performs mathematical operations to update quaternion representations of orientation. It includes functions to convert quaternions to Euler angles or vectors. The functions and flow follow standard practices for sensor fusion; no network calls, external data transmissions, or hidden behaviors are present. The code relies solely on mathematical computations and internal state management, with no signs of malicious activity or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of sensor fusion algorithms for orientation estimation. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, nor does it contain malware, backdoors, or unauthorized data exfiltration. It appears to be a standard, open-source style sensor processing library without suspicious modifications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}