{
  "purpose": "The code defines a heatmap rendering library that can be used with HTML Canvas and Leaflet.js for visualizing data points as heatmaps on maps or canvases.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the data() method and map/DOM elements such as the canvas element, map size, and options.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to the canvas context for rendering visual data. It also accesses document for creating canvas elements and interacts with DOM elements. No direct network or sensitive data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Data points added via data() method are used in draw() to render heatmaps on canvas. Map events trigger _redraw which updates the heatmap visualization. Canvas is manipulated through getContext and drawing functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. The code appears to be a standard heatmap implementation with no obfuscated or unusual code. No external network calls, reverse shells, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a heatmap visualization library utilizing HTML Canvas and optionally Leaflet.js. It creates and manages a canvas element, draws data points as heatmap dots, and applies gradient coloring. The code uses typical JavaScript patterns and Leaflet integration, with no evidence of obfuscation or malicious logic. It does not perform network requests, data exfiltration, or system modification. All data handling is confined to in-memory variables and DOM elements for visualization. The only potential concern might be if external data is fed into data() without validation, but this is standard for visualization libraries. No anomalies or suspicious behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward heatmap visualization library with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It safely handles data and DOM elements without performing any network or system modification activities.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}