{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define a comprehensive theme and utility configuration for a styling framework, including color definitions, sizing, shadows, and various CSS utility functions. It is intended for managing design tokens and theme-related properties in a project.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from predefined theme objects (colors, sizes, fonts), utility functions parsing CSS color strings, and input parameters for generating CSS properties. It also imports utility modules for handling CSS values and rule creation.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe sinks include functions that generate CSS property strings (e.g., colorToString, parseColor) based on external or dynamic input, but they are used internally and do not perform network or system operations. No evidence of data leakage or external data transmission is present. No dangerous system commands or network calls are present.",
  "flows": "Input data such as color strings or style parameters are parsed and transformed through utility functions into CSS-compatible strings. These are then used to generate style objects. No external system or network data flows are observable; data remains within theme and utility functions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code or unusual behavior detected. The code is largely static configuration and utility functions for CSS generation. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets are present. The code does include extensive color parsing and CSS variable handling but these are standard utility operations.",
  "analysis": "The code provides theme definitions, utility functions for parsing and generating CSS values, and style rules. The parsing functions handle CSS color formats, CSS variables, and units safely without executing code or making external requests. There are no functions that perform system operations, network communication, or data exfiltration. The code is structured for styling purposes and does not contain logic indicative of malicious intent. It also does not contain obfuscation or unusual language features that could conceal malicious behavior. All functions are utility or configuration related, with no signs of sabotage or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard theme and utility configuration for a styling framework, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It operates purely within the scope of CSS generation and theme management. It is safe based on current analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}