{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive set of theme configurations, utility functions, and style rules for a JavaScript styling framework, likely used for design system or UI component styling.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from predefined theme objects, utility functions for color parsing, CSS value handling, and style rule definitions.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks for untrusted data manipulation, network requests, or system modifications are present. The code primarily deals with CSS styling and theme configuration.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves processing style tokens and theme values to generate CSS rules, with parsing functions transforming input strings into CSS-compatible formats.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. The code consists mainly of style utility functions, mappings, and configuration objects. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscated logic is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured as a theme and utility library, focusing on CSS property management, color parsing, and style rule generation. It uses standard JavaScript patterns, with no indications of malicious payloads or network activity. The presence of parsing functions for color and CSS variables could be scrutinized, but they appear to be standard utility functions for a styling framework. The code contains mappings and rules for CSS properties, which are typical for UI styling tools. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or harmful system interaction. All functions serve legitimate purposes in styling and theme management.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a benign styling utility library with no malicious behavior or sabotage detected. It is purely focused on theme configuration, CSS value handling, and style rule definitions. No signs of malware, data leakage, or malicious logic are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}