{
  "purpose": "This script manages building, packaging, and uploading prebuilt binaries for a Node.js native addon, supporting multiple platforms and runtime configurations.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (ARCH, GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN), command line arguments (runtime, version, abi, upload), package.json supportedTargets, process.argv, and filesystem reads (package.json, gyp files).",
  "sinks": "child_process.spawn (executes build commands), filesystem operations (unlinkSync, copySync), tar archive creation, and upload via prebuild/upload module which uses GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and command-line args influence build and upload processes. Filesystem operations are performed to prepare build files and archive artifacts. The upload function sends files and tokens over network to Github.",
  "anomalies": "Uses fs.unlinkSync and fs.copySync to manipulate gyp files dynamically based on platform, which is normal. No hardcoded credentials are visible besides GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN used for upload, which is expected. No obfuscated code or unusual code patterns are present. No suspicious network connections or data exfiltration observed. The code performs standard build, archive, and upload tasks.",
  "analysis": "The code orchestrates a build process for native addons with environment-specific configurations. It reads input parameters for runtime, version, and abi, then compiles code accordingly, packaging the results into tar.gz files. The upload function uses an external module to push artifacts to Github using a token supplied via environment variables. All filesystem manipulations and network communications follow expected patterns for such a build pipeline. No malicious behaviors, such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or malicious code injection, are detected. The GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN usage for uploads is typical, assuming the environment is controlled. Overall, the code appears legitimate with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a build and deployment utility for native Node.js modules supporting multiple platforms. It performs standard operations with no suspicious or malicious behavior detected. Its primary concern is secure handling of the Github token, which depends on environment variable security, not the code itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}