{
  "purpose": "The script automates building, packaging, and optionally uploading prebuilt binaries for different runtime targets and platforms, primarily for native modules in a Node.js environment.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (process.env.ARCH, process.env.GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN), command-line arguments (argv), package.json (targets, supportedTargets), filesystem reads/writes, and user-supplied runtime and version parameters.",
  "sinks": "Execution of 'spawn' for building native modules, filesystem operations (unlinkSync, copySync, mkdirSync), network upload via 'prebuild/upload', tar archive creation, process exit and error handling.",
  "flows": "Input data from environment variables, command-line args, and package.json are used to configure build parameters. These flow into spawn commands for compilation, file operations for packaging, and network upload functions for distribution.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. The code dynamically copies configuration files based on platform, which is standard. The upload process relies on an environment variable GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN but does not include any obfuscated or malicious code. The use of spawn for build commands could be abused if combined with malicious build scripts, but within this code snippet, it appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code performs environment setup, build configuration, and packaging tasks with standard Node.js modules. It utilizes environment variables and command-line arguments to determine targets and options. The upload function uses a token from an environment variable, which is common for authenticated API calls. There is no evidence of code injection, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The build process and file operations are straightforward. No obfuscation, malicious network activity, or suspicious logic is detected. The only potential concern is reliance on external tokens for uploading, but this is typical for package publishing workflows.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a legitimate build and packaging utility for native Node.js modules, with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It follows standard patterns for build automation, file management, and optional uploading of artifacts. No malicious behavior or security risks are identified within this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}