{
  "purpose": "This source code implements a Vue.js-based popup component with various types such as toast, alert, confirm, loading, and iframe, providing a user interface for notifications and interactions.",
  "sources": "Data is read from component props (type, message, buttons, callback, url, etc.), local data (timer, show), and globally provided popup functions. It also reads environment variables indirectly via imported modules, though none are explicitly used in this code.",
  "sinks": "User-triggered functions (button clicks, background clicks) and callback functions are potential sinks where untrusted input could be processed or executed, particularly via callback invocation and dynamic content rendering.",
  "flows": "Inputs from props and user interactions flow through callback functions, which then may invoke user-defined callback handlers or update component state. The callback functions can potentially process untrusted data, but the code itself does not perform direct data injections or unsafe evaluations.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains embedded base64-encoded SVG images representing icons for success, warning, and error states, which are static assets and not suspicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code dynamically creates and mounts a Vue app for popups, which is standard. No suspicious network activity or data leaks are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Vue component for popup UI, handling various popup types with props, data, computed properties, and methods. It uses base64 images for icons, dynamically mounts Vue apps for popup instances, and provides global functions for alert, confirm, loading, toast, and iframe. No suspicious logic or malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, remote network calls, or code injection, is evident. The component handles user interactions and callback execution securely within Vue's reactive context. No obfuscation, minification is present that would suggest obfuscation. The overall structure appears standard for a Vue plugin for popups.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a standard Vue.js component library for displaying various types of popups. It does not contain malware or malicious behaviors. No security risks or anomalous activities are identified. The code is safe based on the analysis of its logic, assets, and behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}