{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Vue.js plugin/component for displaying various types of popup messages, such as toasts, alerts, confirmations, loading indicators, and iframes, and provides methods to invoke these popups.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from props (type, message, buttons, callback, btnText, btnColor, duration, icon, bgOpacity, url), as well as parameters passed to methods (e.g., button click handlers). It also reads DOM elements when mounting (e.g., document.createElement, getElementById).",
  "sinks": "The code potentially executes callback functions provided by users, and injects HTML via innerHTML and SVG images via base64 data URIs. It also dynamically creates and mounts Vue components, and sets window/global properties via Vue's provide method.",
  "flows": "User input (props, method parameters) -> triggers UI updates or callback invocation -> callbacks may perform further actions, possibly including network requests or other side effects. The code displays popup UI based on data and user interactions.",
  "anomalies": "Use of base64-encoded SVG images for icons, which are embedded directly into the code, is common for UI assets, not suspicious. The code constructs a Vue plugin dynamically and manages DOM elements directly. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious network activity are evident. No dynamic code execution, eval, or obfuscated code is present. All functions appear to handle UI logic. The code is verbose but structured as expected for Vue component registration.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Vue.js plugin module that manages popup notifications with customizable properties. It loads images via base64 data URIs for icons, mounts Vue components dynamically, and exposes API methods for alert, confirm, loading, toast, and iframe popups. It reads inputs from props and method arguments, and emits events upon close actions. The use of local variables and DOM manipulation is typical for Vue plugins. There are no signs of malicious code, hidden backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. No suspicious network calls, reverse shells, or system modifications are detected. All code appears dedicated to UI presentation and callback handling, with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a Vue.js popup plugin focused on UI notifications, with no evidence of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It handles user interactions, displays various popups, and executes callbacks as designed. Its structure and assets do not indicate obfuscation or malicious modifications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}