{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Vue.js popup component library, providing alert, confirm, loading, toast, and iframe modal functionalities.",
  "sources": "Reads include props, callback functions, environment variables (if any), and user interactions such as button clicks. External data sources are not explicitly read in this code.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include emitting events ('close'), mounting/unmounting Vue components, and setting timeouts. No external network requests or data exfiltration are directly evident.",
  "flows": "User interactions or callback functions trigger component state changes, which lead to event emissions or UI updates. Callback functions may process untrusted input but are controlled via component props.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains base64-encoded SVG icons embedded directly, which is normal for inline images. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network domains. No obfuscated or misleading code patterns are observed. The code structure is standard Vue.js component syntax and runtime logic.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a Vue.js component for popups with configurable properties, handles display logic based on props, manages timing with setTimeout, and provides utility functions for common dialog types (alert, confirm, toast, iframe). The embedded SVG images for icons are base64-encoded, a typical practice. The component uses promises for asynchronous behavior and mounts dynamically created Vue instances. There are no signs of malicious code such as network communication to unknown servers, data theft, or hidden backdoors. The callback functions are expected to be provided externally and are invoked within controlled contexts. The use of inline SVG and dynamic component mounting appears benign. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate Vue.js component library without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a Vue.js popup component library with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It employs standard patterns for dynamic UI rendering and callback handling. There are no network communications, data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscation. Its malware score is low, and security risks are minimal under normal operation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}