{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to fetch weather forecast data for specified geographical coordinates and layers, and to perform batch fetches for multiple coordinates.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include coordinate parameters (latlng) for fetch and bulkFetch functions, and the database query for point data based on forecastedDate and layers.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve the database query function (_db.default.query.findPointsByCoords) and the use of interpolated grid data. No data is explicitly sent over the network or stored externally.",
  "flows": "The functions take coordinate inputs, process spatial data through the database query, interpolate grid values, and return structured forecast data. Data flows from input through database queries and processing to output forecast structures.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior detected. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The code primarily handles spatial data processing with standard utility functions.",
  "analysis": "The code utilizes external weather utility libraries for coordinate wrapping and grid interpolation, and queries a database for spatial point data. The data processing appears legitimate and intended for weather forecasting applications. There are no signs of malicious code, such as network connections to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The use of database queries and interpolation is standard. The code structure and logic follow expected patterns for spatial data processing, with no obfuscation or malicious constructs detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard weather data processing module with no malicious intent or security risks detected. It securely handles spatial data and uses trusted utility libraries. No indicators of malware or supply chain compromise are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}