{
  "purpose": "The code implements an audio player library with playlist management, media controls, and integration with Vue.js. It provides functions to load audio, control playback, adjust volume, and manage playlists.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters, HTML DOM elements (e.g., document.body, document.currentScript), and external data through method calls (e.g., load, add, replace). It also accesses window and document objects.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting the src attribute of HTML <audio> elements, calling play() and pause(), and modifying properties like volume, muted, and playbackRate. No explicit data leaks or system modifications are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-provided parameters or external method calls into DOM manipulations and audio controls. For example, 'load' sets the audio src; 'volume' adjusts the audio volume; playlist methods modify the internal list. These are typical media control flows.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, backdoors, or hardcoded credentials are present. The code appears standard for a media player library, with straightforward functions and event handling. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a modular audio player with playlist support, event handling, and configuration options. It includes functions for formatting queries and time, managing playlist state, and controlling HTML5 audio elements. The code uses standard practices, DOM interactions, and event listeners. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or malware. The use of randomness in playlist shuffling is benign. No external malicious code or suspicious data flows are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate, well-structured media player library without any indications of malicious intent or security risks. It performs typical audio control functions and playlist management, with no suspicious behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}