{
  "purpose": "The source code provides utility functions for handling big numbers, formatting, and conversions mainly related to token amounts and percentages in a blockchain context.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from input parameters, function arguments, and external libraries such as 'ethers', './../config/factors', and './../abis/ui'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that process input data for formatting, conversion, and numeric calculations; no direct data leakage or external network communication is evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters or external libraries into functions that perform calculations or formatting, returning processed or formatted values; no flow to external sinks like network or file I/O is detected.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are evident. The code mainly consists of utility functions. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution patterns are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code contains utility functions for number handling, formatting, and conversions in a blockchain token context. It uses 'ethers' library for BigNumber operations and external configuration for factors. Functions such as 'bigNumberify', 'expandDecimals', 'getLimitedDisplay', 'formatAmount', and others perform numeric calculations, formatting, and thresholds. No code indicates network activity, data exfiltration, or other malicious behaviors. There are no signs of hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The functions are straightforward, with no obfuscated logic or suspicious dynamic code execution. The overall structure is consistent with standard utility libraries for blockchain apps.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions related to token amount formatting and calculations, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It is well-structured, and uses standard libraries without obfuscation. No malware or security risks are identified based on the provided code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}