{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for handling BigNumber operations, formatting amounts, and related calculations in a blockchain or DeFi context.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters such as amounts, tokens, and options passed to functions. It also accesses configuration constants and external libraries like 'ethers'.",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations and returns formatted strings or BigNumber instances. No direct data leaks, network connections, or file system operations are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through various mathematical and formatting functions, ultimately returning formatted strings or numeric calculations. There are no external sinks that could lead to data exfiltration or malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains many utility functions that seem standard; however, some functions like 'removeTrailingZeros' perform simplistic conversions that may be ineffective for large or precise amounts. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. The functions perform typical calculations without unusual code structures. No suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or malicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily implements utility functions for handling big numbers, formatting amounts with decimals and commas, and performing calculations like basis points conversions and division rounding. It uses external libraries such as 'ethers' for BigNumber operations and references configuration constants. The functions are straightforward and focus on formatting and arithmetic calculations relevant to blockchain applications. No network activity, file system access, or suspicious code constructs are observed. The code appears to be well-structured for its purpose, with appropriate handling of input parameters. Minor concerns include simplistic implementation of 'removeTrailingZeros' which doesn't truly remove zeros from decimal amounts but simply converts to Number, potentially losing precision. No evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage is present.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a set of utility functions for number formatting and calculations in a blockchain context. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. The security risk score is low, and confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}