{
  "purpose": "This script automates the build process for a production environment by cleaning previous build artifacts and running webpack to bundle the application.",
  "sources": "The script reads environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), configuration files (../config and ./webpack.prod.conf), and filesystem paths (path.join). It also imports modules like 'ora', 'rimraf', 'webpack', 'chalk', and the local script './check-versions'.",
  "sinks": "The script executes shell commands via 'rimraf' for deleting files, runs webpack which compiles and writes build artifacts, and outputs messages to stdout using console.log and process.stdout.write.",
  "flows": "Input sources include environment variables and configuration files; these influence the build process. Filesystem operations (rm) delete directories, and webpack compiles code, generating output files. Logging functions output build status and tips.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors detected. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution present. The code appears standard for a build script, with typical module usage and logging.",
  "analysis": "The code begins by requiring a version check script, sets the environment variable NODE_ENV to 'production', and loads several modules required for building and logging. It initiates a spinner for user feedback. The rimraf module deletes a directory specified by the combined build path from configuration, with error handling. After deletion, webpack runs with a specified configuration to bundle assets. Once webpack completes, the spinner stops, and build statistics are output to the console with colorful formatting. Finally, informational messages are printed to advise on serving the built files properly. The flow is straightforward, with no suspicious dynamic code or external network interactions. The modules used are standard for build automation. Overall, the script performs a typical build process with no malicious intent or security risks detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard production build script for a JavaScript project, utilizing common modules and practices. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is a typical build automation script with no anomalies.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}