{
  "purpose": "This script manages the download and installation of prebuilt binaries for the iohook package across various platforms and architectures. It reads configuration from package.json and environment variables to determine target builds and retrieves prebuilt tarballs from GitHub.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration from package.json, environment variables, and local filesystem (package.json, main script files). Fetches prebuilt binaries via network using 'nugget'.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to GitHub for prebuilt binaries, reading local package.json, and environment variables that influence behavior.",
  "flows": "Configuration data flows from package.json and environment variables to the installation logic. Network requests for prebuilt binaries originate from the download URL constructed dynamically. Data from local files and environment variables influence download targets and proxy settings.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials. The code handles errors gracefully. Use of environment variables to modify download targets and proxies is standard. No suspicious or unusual code constructs are observed.",
  "analysis": "The script reads configuration from package.json and environment variables to determine target platforms and architectures. It constructs download URLs dynamically and fetches prebuilt binaries from GitHub. The network request parameters are influenced by local config and environment, with no obfuscated or suspicious code involved. The installation process involves extracting tar.gz files into a specific directory. All operations are related to standard build and download procedures. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate build and installation script for prebuilt binaries. It uses common modules and follows standard practices without suspicious behavior. No malicious intent or malware is detected. The code is well-structured and transparent in its operations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}