{
  "purpose": "This code configures the module loader SystemJS for an Angular application, setting paths, mappings, and package configurations for dependencies.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from the inline script itself, specifically from the 'paths', 'map', and 'packages' objects within the System.config call.",
  "sinks": "The configuration data itself does not directly send or receive data; however, if any of these dependencies (like 'angular-drag-bounce') or loader scripts (like 'systemjs-angular-loader.js') are malicious or compromised, they could lead to code execution or data exfiltration. No direct untrusted input or data flows are evident in this static configuration.",
  "flows": "There are no dynamic data flows from sources to sinks within this static configuration code. The loader configuration simply sets paths and modules to load for an Angular app.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, malicious code, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code appears to be standard Angular and SystemJS configuration. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or unusual logic are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward IIFE that calls System.config with a well-structured setup for an Angular project. It maps dependencies to specific paths, including core Angular bundles and other libraries. No user input, environment variables, or external data sources are involved. The configuration is static and standard, with no suspicious patterns or embedded code. The only external resource is 'systemjs-angular-loader.js' but it is referenced as a loader script, not embedded or obfuscated. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data leaks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical Angular project configuration for module loading, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It appears safe and standard, assuming the dependencies and loader scripts are from trusted sources.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}