{
  "purpose": "This module defines a collection of functions that generate CSS styles with filters and visual effects for different image filters, likely used to apply consistent visual themes or effects in a web application.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'props' object passed to each filter function, specifically properties like saturation, brightness, contrast, hueRotate, sepia, grayscale, and backgroundAfter/backgroundBefore. These props influence the CSS styles generated.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform any data output, network communication, or system modifications. It only returns style strings based on input properties, which are used for styling elements. No untrusted data flows into insecure sinks such as network or system calls.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'props' into functions like cbs, hcbs, cs, csat, scbg, scbsat, gcb, hbss, hb, cbsep, conrastBrightness, which generate CSS strings with dynamic values. These style strings are then applied to DOM elements but do not affect system state or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code are present. The code is purely for style generation with dynamic parameters. There are no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behaviors. The code adheres to standard pattern of CSS style functions.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a 'filterList' object with multiple methods, each returning a string of CSS styles customized based on input 'props'. The functions utilize utility functions (_customize.cbs, hcbs, cs, etc.) to generate CSS filter effects. No external network requests, file modifications, or system commands are present. The code does not perform any operations outside style string generation, and no code injection or malicious activity is evident. It appears to be a style utility module with dynamic style generation, which is standard and safe.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of style generator functions that create CSS filter effects based on input parameters. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is a safe, utility-focused module without external or system interactions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}