{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of functions that generate CSS styles with dynamic properties for different visual filters/effects, primarily used for styling images within a JavaScript/React environment.",
  "sources": "Data inputs come from the 'props' parameters passed into each filter function, which supply values for CSS properties like saturation, hueRotate, contrast, etc.",
  "sinks": "The functions generate CSS style strings; potential security issues could arise if these strings are injected into DOM or style tags without sanitization, but the code itself does not include DOM manipulation or network activity.",
  "flows": "Input props (sources) are used directly to construct CSS strings (sinks). No data flows from untrusted sources to insecure sinks that could lead to code injection or leakage within this code fragment.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses concatenation of CSS strings with dynamic values, but these values are all derived from the 'props' parameters which are expected to be controlled by the application. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behavior is apparent. No external network calls, eval, or similar dangerous constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of style-generating functions that produce CSS strings based on provided properties. All data comes from function parameters; there are no external data sources, network activity, or code execution functions like eval or Function constructor. The CSS strings involve standard styling properties and blend modes. No obfuscation or minification issues are present; the code is straightforward. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware. The functions are purely for styling purposes and do not perform any dangerous operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign set of style template functions that generate CSS based on input properties. There is no malicious behavior, no suspicious network activity, and no backdoors. It appears to be legitimate styling code for image filters in a web application.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}