{
  "purpose": "The code defines a list of models, each associated with a name and a large string representing encoded or serialized data structures, likely for graphical or structural representations.",
  "sources": "The code reads hardcoded string data assigned to variables (example1 through example5) within the models array. No external inputs are read.",
  "sinks": "The data is stored in variables and assigned to objects; no sinks involving external data transmission, network connections, or file system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "The data flows from the string variables (example1-5) into the model objects as properties, with no further data flow or processing. No source-to-sink data flows involving untrusted input or external effects.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains large hardcoded strings that appear to be structured data, but there is no dynamic execution, obfuscation, or unusual language features. The data appears to be serialized or encoded, possibly representing models or images, but nothing suspicious or malicious is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of defining large static string variables representing complex data structures, then assembling them into an array of model objects with associated names. No input/output, network, or system modification code is present. No signs of malicious code, backdoors, or hidden payloads. The data may encode graphical models or similar data, but without decoding or execution, no malicious activity is detectable. No obfuscation or code injection detected. The code appears benign, serving as a static configuration or data repository.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a static data definition, storing large serialized data strings within an array of models. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity. It appears to be safe, possibly used for graphical or modeling purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}