{
  "purpose": "The code sets up a mock server with customizable endpoints, response delays, and error rates for testing or development purposes.",
  "sources": "Data inputs come from the 'endpoints' configuration object, particularly 'data' functions or static data provided in each endpoint. Also reads request headers to set default headers.",
  "sinks": "Response functions send JSON data to clients; no direct sinks for untrusted input. Header setting is safe but could be exploited if headers are manipulated improperly in certain environments.",
  "flows": "Endpoint definitions in 'addEndpoints' determine data and error responses. The server responds via 'res.json()' after optional delays. No data flows into or out of external systems beyond responses.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'setTimeout' with dynamic response data based on configurable error rates and delays; no evident malicious payloads. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code does not perform any suspicious operations like network connections or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a mock API server with configurable endpoints that can simulate delays and error responses. It uses functions to dynamically generate responses and error behaviors, based on probability and timing configurations. No input handling beyond request headers is present; data responses are either static or generated via functions. There are no signs of malicious activities such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious external connections. The code appears designed for testing API behaviors rather than malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a controlled mock server setup intended for testing purposes. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. It uses standard libraries and functions in a manner consistent with non-malicious code. No security risks are evident beyond typical server configuration concerns, which are minimal here.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}