{
  "purpose": "This code implements a set of pseudorandom number generators and sequencers, including cryptographically secure seed generation, for use in probabilistic algorithms or simulations.",
  "sources": "Input sources include environment checks (typeof window), crypto module (for secure randomness), and internal data structures such as Uint32Array and sequence arrays.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of crypto.getRandomValues and crypto.randomBytes for cryptographically secure random number generation, and internal state manipulation. No direct output or network communication is present.",
  "flows": "Source of cryptographically secure seed data flows into internal state initialization of XorShift, which is then used by sequencers to produce pseudorandom values. Data flows from environment checks into conditional crypto function selection.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears straightforward and well-structured, with no unusual obfuscation or hidden code. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are observed. The use of a non-cryptographically secure XOR shift for some randomization, but this is explicitly labeled and used in non-security-critical contexts.",
  "analysis": "The code uses environment detection to select cryptographically secure random byte generation methods, which is standard. The XorShift class is noted to be not cryptographically secure, which is acknowledged in comments. The sequence classes provide different ways to generate pseudorandom values, with options for seed initialization and de-duplication logic. There are no indications of malicious activity, such as data exfiltration, network communication, or hidden backdoors. The code appears intended for randomness or simulation purposes, with proper precautions and comments about security implications. No malicious behavior or malware indicators are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of pseudorandom generators and sequencers designed for use in non-security-critical contexts. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activities. It employs standard randomness methods and includes comments clarifying security limitations where applicable. Overall, the code is safe with low likelihood of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}