{
  "purpose": "The code is a module that extends and proxies Grunt task registration functions, helpers, and file expansion utilities to add fallback mechanisms and custom behavior, primarily for use in Grunt build scripts.",
  "sources": "Require statements (assert), arguments passed to proxied functions (taskName, taskList, taskFn, description), internal variables (helpers, grunt.utils, grunt.file.expand).",
  "sinks": "Execution of custom task functions, helper functions, or file expansion functions, which may process or handle input data.",
  "flows": "Arguments received by overridden functions are manipulated or wrapped; helper functions are called via stored references; file expansion functions are invoked with options and file lists; ultimately, these may process untrusted input for build tasks.",
  "anomalies": "The code primarily proxies and wraps existing Grunt functions without adding malicious code. There are no hardcoded credentials, network connections, or unusual code behaviors. Commented-out code suggests possible fallback behaviors but no suspicious code paths or obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code enhances the Grunt API by intercepting task registration, multi-task registration, helper registration, and file expansion calls. It employs argument manipulation and function wrapping to provide fallback mechanisms and additional processing. No code injection, network activity, or hidden backdoors are evident. The code structure and functions appear standard for build script extensions. There are no indications of malware, credential theft, data leaks, or malicious activity. All functions operate within the scope of build automation and do not interact with external systems or sensitive data. The only notable activity is the controlled extension and fallback handling of existing API functions, which is benign.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a non-malicious, standard extension of the Grunt build tool's API, providing fallback implementations and proxies for existing functions. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. It is safe for use in build scripts, assuming the environment is controlled. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}