{
  "purpose": "This code modifies and extends the functionality of the Grunt task runner by proxying and wrapping core methods such as registerTask, registerMultiTask, helper functions, and file expansion utilities, to add custom behavior or fallback mechanisms.",
  "sources": "Require statements, argument parsing in wrapped functions, and access to grunt core methods and properties.",
  "sinks": "Invocation of original grunt functions with manipulated arguments, assignment to grunt properties, and access to helpers and file expansion utilities.",
  "flows": "Input data (task names, descriptions, functions, helpers, file options) flows through wrapped functions where arguments are intercepted, possibly altered, and then passed to original functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not perform any network operations, system modifications, or data exfiltration. It mainly proxies core functions, adds fallback mechanisms, and manipulates data structures. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or suspicious behavior detected. No dynamic code execution or external communications are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code proxies core Grunt methods such as registerTask and registerMultiTask to modify or extend their behavior, primarily for input normalization and fallback support. Helper functions are stored and invoked via a controlled object with assertion checks. File expansion functions are extended with additional filtering and directory path normalization. There are no signs of malicious code, external data transmission, or covert behavior. The code appears to be a standard extension or patch to Grunt's API for enhanced robustness or compatibility. The absence of network calls, system modifications, or external data handling indicates no malicious intent. All code flows seem to be within the scope of normal build tooling extensions.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign extension to the Grunt task runner, designed for proxying and fallback support. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It mainly manipulates arguments and enhances existing functionality without any harmful side effects.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}