{
  "purpose": "This code is an autogenerated factory class for deploying and interacting with the SwapRouter02 smart contract, providing functions for token approvals, swaps, multicalls, liquidity management, and other DeFi operations.",
  "sources": "Constructor parameters (_factoryV2, factoryV3, _positionManager, _WETH9), function inputs (addresses, bytes, uints, etc.), and internal contract calls.",
  "sinks": "Blockchain state changes via token approvals, swaps, multicalls, liquidity operations, and token transfers; no external data sources or network calls outside blockchain interactions.",
  "flows": "Inputs from function parameters flow into on-chain transactions, calling methods like approveMax, exactInput, multicall, etc., leading to state changes or token transfers.",
  "anomalies": "The bytecode is lengthy and minified, typical for compiled smart contracts; no hidden code, secrets, or suspicious patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard autogenerated factory for a well-known DeFi swap router, with functions for approvals, swaps, multicalls, and liquidity. The bytecode complexity is typical for compiled contracts, not malicious obfuscation. No signs of embedded malicious logic, backdoors, or external data leaks are present. The data flow is consistent with normal contract interactions. The high obfuscation score (around 0.8) is justified by the compiled bytecode, but this does not indicate malicious intent. Malware score is 0, reflecting no malicious behavior. The overall security risk is low (~0.2), as the code is a deployment utility with standard functions, not an attack vector.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard autogenerated factory for deploying and interacting with the SwapRouter02 contract. No malicious code, backdoors, or sabotage are detected. The obfuscation level is typical for compiled contracts. The potential for misuse exists but is inherent to DeFi interfaces, not due to malicious intent. The overall assessment indicates a safe, benign contract factory.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}