{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a JavaScript SDK or toolkit related to an Envoy platform, including API configurations, utility functions, and UI modal management for sharing links and tracking events.",
  "sources": "Reads include the global 'this' object, window, self, and document; API endpoints such as 'http://localhost'; and environmental variables for configuration.",
  "sinks": "Potential sink points include network requests to 'http://localhost' (local API), clipboard access (navigator.clipboard.writeText), DOM manipulations, event listeners, and console logging.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions (clicks, events) to API calls (create sandbox/share link, pixel events), with some data potentially gathered from the DOM or environment variables, then sent via fetch or XMLHttpRequest; clipboard data is written upon user action.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive utility functions, DOM templates, and event handlers. The presence of local API endpoint 'http://localhost' suggests development or testing configuration, not production. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. No obfuscated or minified suspicious code. The code dynamically creates UI components and handles sensitive actions like clipboard copy, but nothing inherently malicious is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a complex SDK with multiple API configurations, including environment-aware global variables and support for API requests, DOM event handling, and UI modal components. It manages user interaction events, tracks metrics, and interfaces with APIs over HTTP. Although extensive and seemingly feature-rich, it does not contain signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote code execution, or hidden backdoors. The use of 'http://localhost' for API endpoints indicates local or development environment usage, which is not suspicious per se. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious network connections are present. The code does perform network requests and clipboard interactions, but these are typical for such SDKs, assuming user consent and correct environment. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate SDK for sharing links and tracking, with no malicious or sabotage indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a large, feature-rich SDK related to sharing and event tracking with no clear signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It uses environment-aware configurations, UI components, and network requests in a typical manner. The presence of local API endpoints suggests a development setting rather than malicious activity. Based on the review, there is low suspicion of malware or significant security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}