{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a JavaScript SDK or toolkit for interacting with APIs, including features like sharing links, tracking events, and managing user/session data. It likely facilitates communication with external services for marketing, analytics, or content sharing.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from environment variables (e.g., API keys), function parameters (e.g., user IDs, config objects), and DOM events (e.g., button clicks). External API responses are processed via fetch/XHR responses. Configuration options may come from JSON objects passed into functions.",
  "sinks": "Network requests made via fetch, XMLHttpRequest, and sendBeacon functions that send data to external API endpoints. DOM manipulation occurs when creating and appending modal templates. Clipboard API used for copying links. Console logs and error reporting are also present.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data from function parameters and environment variables flows into API request construction. Data is transformed via JSON serialization, then sent over network requests. DOM event handlers trigger these flows, such as button clicks leading to API calls or copying data to clipboard.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified and obfuscated, making it difficult to analyze fully. It references multiple external endpoints, but these are standard in SDKs. No hardcoded credentials are directly visible. The presence of dynamic code creation, DOM manipulation, and API interaction is typical for SDKs. No explicit backdoors, suspicious domain connections, or hidden malicious behaviors are apparent from static analysis.",
  "analysis": "The code is a large, minified JavaScript library that initializes a content sharing and analytics toolkit, likely related to content or gift link sharing, event tracking, and user management. It contains functions to create and handle modals, copy links, and send tracking data to specified API endpoints. The minification and obfuscation make detailed static analysis difficult, but nothing overtly malicious like data exfiltration, system tampering, or unauthorized access is evident. The code adheres to typical SDK patterns, with network requests, DOM manipulation, and environment checks. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are visible. External API endpoints are standard and configurable. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate SDK with typical features, no signs of malware or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a heavily minified SDK related to sharing, tracking, and API interactions. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are identified. The obfuscation is typical for SDKs to reduce tampering, not indicative of malware. It appears safe within its intended scope, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks outside of standard SDK operations.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 1
}