{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React component for image mapping with interactive features such as drawing shapes, magnification, and event handling. Its purpose is to enable clickable and hoverable image areas with visual overlays.",
  "sources": "Reads src (image URL), map (area definitions), and various props such as active, fillColor, lineWidth, height, width, and event callbacks. Reads DOM elements via getElementById for magnification and image interactions.",
  "sinks": "Uses DOM manipulation to insert magnifier elements and access image DOM nodes. Calls event handlers passed via props for user interactions. Uses Canvas API to draw overlays on a canvas element.",
  "flows": "Input data from props and DOM elements (image, magnifier). User interactions (mouse move, click, hover) trigger event handler calls and drawing functions. The magnify method creates and manipulates a magnifier element based on cursor position.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors detected. The magnify function dynamically creates a magnifier div and attaches event listeners; while common, it could be misused for screen scraping if misconfigured, but this appears standard. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration is present. Use of getElementById and direct DOM manipulation is typical for this kind of UI component, not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a React-based image mapping component with features like shape drawing and magnification. It employs standard React lifecycle methods, state management, and event handling. The magnify function creates a magnifying glass overlay that follows the cursor, which is typical for zoom features. The component reads image and map data, renders overlay shapes on a canvas, and responds to user interactions by invoking callbacks. No external network connections, file modifications, or hidden backdoors are present. The code is complex but appears to be legitimate functionality typical for an image map component. No obfuscation or malicious behaviors detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React component for image mapping with magnification features. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are evident. It primarily manages drawing shapes on a canvas, handling user interactions, and creating a magnifier overlay. Risks are limited to typical UI behavior and standard DOM operations, with no indication of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}