{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component for an interactive image map with magnification features, enabling area highlighting and user interaction handling.",
  "sources": "Inputs are primarily the image source (props.src), area data from props.map, and user events such as mouse movements and clicks on areas and the image.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if area data contains sensitive info; event handlers may invoke external functions, but no direct data leaks are evident. The magnify method creates a magnifier div that overlays the image and could be exploited if misused. No direct network communication or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (props.src, props.map) is used to render image and map areas. User interactions (mouse events) trigger handlers that may invoke external functions provided via props. The magnify function overlays a magnifier div, with no external network calls. The code handles visual rendering and event responses but does not process untrusted external data beyond display.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a magnify function that creates a DOM element with id 'magnifier-glass' and overlays it on the image; this is standard for magnification but could be misused for overlay manipulation. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code is heavily minified and obfuscated in parts, such as the _slicedToArray, _extends, and other helper functions, which could hide malicious code, though these are typical transpiled outputs. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration code is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component that provides interactive image mapping with optional magnification. It uses standard React lifecycle methods and event handlers for user interactions. The magnify method creates a DOM element to implement zoom functionality; this is a common pattern. The code does not include external network requests, file system access, or hidden malicious logic. The presence of transpiled helper functions (e.g., _slicedToArray, _extends) indicates transpiled ES6+ code, not obfuscation. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious behaviors are observed. The overall structure appears to be a typical open-source React component with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React image mapper with magnification capabilities. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. The only potential concern is the use of dynamically created DOM elements for magnification, which is a common pattern and not inherently malicious. No security risks or malicious intent are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}