{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom circular progress indicator component and extends the Promise class with a static 'all' method for handling multiple promises with optional progress callback.",
  "sources": "The uuid() function generates a unique identifier; the constructor of Wqprogress uses options and uuid; the rerender method reads and modifies DOM elements; the uuid() function reads Math.random(); the MyPromise.all method reads from an array of promises.",
  "sinks": "The code mainly manipulates DOM elements and style properties, with no apparent data leaks or network interactions. There are no sinks that send data externally or perform dangerous actions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input options and uuid() for identifiers, into DOM rendering, then into style modifications during rerender. Promise handling in MyPromise collects results but does not send data elsewhere.",
  "anomalies": "The uuid() function is unusually simplistic, combining random numbers and string replacement, which might produce non-unique IDs, but not malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The catch block in rerender logs a generic message but no malicious actions. The Promise extension does not implement potentially dangerous behaviors. The code appears to be a benign UI component and promise utility.",
  "analysis": "The Wqprogress class is a UI component that creates a styled circular progress indicator using DOM manipulation and CSS. It relies on uuid() for unique IDs. The rerender method updates visual state based on progress percentage. The uuid() function generates IDs with randomness. The MyPromise class extends Promise with a static all method, which collects results and optionally invokes a callback. No external data transmission, credential handling, or malicious code is present. The code does not perform any operations that could compromise system security or leak data. It appears to be a straightforward implementation of a visual component and promise management utility, with no suspicious anomalies.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign implementation of a custom UI component and promise utility functions, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs DOM manipulations and promise handling without external data leaks or harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}