{
  "purpose": "This code defines two classes: Wqprogress for creating a custom circular progress indicator, and MyPromise extending the native Promise with an additional static method. The purpose is to provide visual progress components and an enhanced Promise utility.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the DOM via document.querySelector in rerender method; generates a UUID in uuid() function; accepts options from external callers during class instantiation.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation through innerHTML and style adjustments in rerender; potential for injecting malicious code if options contain untrusted data used in template strings; no direct data leak or network sink observed.",
  "flows": "External options influence DOM rendering and styling; rerender method manipulates style properties based on input percentage; uuid() generates a string used as an element ID. No untrusted data flows into sensitive sinks like network or system commands.",
  "anomalies": "The uuid() function uses a non-standard random approach for ID generation, but no evidence of malicious obfuscation or backdoors. No hardcoded secrets, network activity, or suspicious code behaviors detected. The MyPromise class extends Promise but does not introduce harmful logic.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily creates UI components and extends Promise functionality. The uuid() function generates IDs with some randomness but is not malicious. DOM manipulation in rerender is straightforward, adjusting CSS transforms based on input. No evidence of malicious data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors. The code lacks network requests, system commands, or environment variable access. Overall, it appears benign, serving UI and utility functions without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign implementation for UI progress display and Promise extension. No signs of malware, malicious behavior, or significant security risks are evident. The code is safe for use; no immediate threats identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}