{
  "purpose": "Provides statistical and linear algebra utility functions such as array dimension calculation, dot product, statistical measures (mean, std, skew, kurtosis), hypothesis testing (skewness, kurtosis tests), and diagnostic tests (omnibus, Jarque-Bera, Durbin-Watson) for use in data analysis.",
  "sources": "Require statements importing 'decimal.js' for precise decimal calculations, and local distribution module '../distributions/chi.js'. No other data input sources are present within the code itself.",
  "sinks": "The code does not include data output functions or network communication. It performs computations solely on input arrays and constants, returning numerical results. No side effects like file access, network calls, or environment variable access are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arrays (e.g., vals, residuals) through statistical functions to produce numerical outputs. No external data or untrusted sources are explicitly read during execution.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. The code is straightforward and consists solely of mathematical/statistical functions. No unusual language features or dynamic code execution are detected. Usage of 'require' is standard for module import.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily implements statistical and linear algebra functions with careful handling of array inputs, supporting scalars, vectors, and matrices. Decimal.js is used to ensure precise calculations, and functions are self-contained. There are no indications of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, network activity, or system manipulation. The functions perform legitimate statistical tests and matrix operations, with no hidden or obfuscated logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard library for statistical computations and linear algebra. It does not exhibit any malicious or suspicious behavior. All operations are mathematical and confined to computations on input data without side effects or external interactions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}