{
  "purpose": "This code provides statistical and linear algebra functions such as array dimension calculation, dot product, sum, mean, standard deviation, skewness, kurtosis, various normality tests, and Durbin-Watson statistic, primarily for data analysis and mathematical computations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input arrays passed as function parameters, such as 'vals', 'A', 'B', and 'resids'. It also requires external modules: 'decimal.js' for decimal arithmetic and '../distributions/chi.js' for chi-squared distribution functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of 'child_process' or network connections, but none are present here. Data flows from input parameters through mathematical operations; no external data is fetched or sent. There are no sinks that perform network requests, file I/O, or other untrusted side effects.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arrays through mathematical functions like 'mean', 'std', 'skew', 'kurtosis', etc. No malicious data flows are evident; computations are standard statistical formulas. External module 'chidist.cdf' is used for p-value calculation from chi-squared distribution.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. The code primarily performs mathematical calculations. No obfuscated or minified code exists; the code structure is clear and standard. No indications of malicious behavior such as system calls or network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of statistical functions and linear algebra routines, utilizing 'decimal.js' for high-precision calculations. It reads data from input arrays and performs computations like dot product, mean, std, skewness, kurtosis, and various normality tests. The 'omnibus' function combines skewness and kurtosis tests into a chi-squared statistic. External dependency 'chidist.cdf' is used for p-value calculation. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious side effects. The structure is straightforward, and all functions perform standard mathematical/statistical operations without side effects or external calls beyond the statistical distribution function.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a legitimate statistical utility library with no malicious intent. It performs standard computations without suspicious side effects, network activity, or data leakage. No malware or malicious behavior detected. The code is well-structured and clear. Overall security risk is minimal, with no immediate security concerns.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}