{
  "purpose": "This module re-exports specific components from other modules and imports additional modules solely for their side effects, likely for initialization or registration purposes within a larger library.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the local modules './MarkerClusterGroup.js', './MarkerCluster.js', and the imported modules for side effects such as './MarkerOpacity.js', './DistanceGrid.js', etc.",
  "sinks": "There are no direct sinks; the code does not process untrusted data or perform data leaks. The imported modules may execute code upon import, which could potentially act as sinks if malicious, but this cannot be determined from this snippet alone.",
  "flows": "The source flows are the import statements, which may trigger side effects within the imported modules. These side effects could affect global state or register components but are not explicitly visible here.",
  "anomalies": "The use of empty destructuring imports (`import {} from ...`) is unusual but often used for side effects. No other anomalies are evident; the code is straightforward and static.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily functions as a module index, re-exporting two components and importing several modules for their side effects. There is no executable logic, dynamic code, or network activity. The pattern is common in modular JavaScript libraries. The imported modules' contents are unknown, so potential malicious code resides there, but cannot be confirmed. The use of empty destructuring imports suggests reliance on side effects, which is typical but warrants trust in the imported modules. The overall structure is benign, with no signs of obfuscation, malicious behavior, or security vulnerabilities in this snippet.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard module re-export pattern with side-effect imports, showing no evidence of malicious activity or obfuscation. The low risk score (around 0.1) is justified, considering potential side effects from imported modules but no direct malicious indicators. The malware score remains at 0, and obfuscation is not present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}