{
  "purpose": "This script is a Grunt task plugin designed to automate the insertion of asset tags (such as script tags) into HTML files, based on configurable options and input file paths.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options, HTML files (via grunt.file.read), and file paths specified in the task's configuration (group.src and group.dest). It also reads asset files specified in the src array.",
  "sinks": "The code writes back to HTML files (grunt.file.write) after injecting tags, and potentially reads files from disk. The main sink is the modified HTML content written back to disk.",
  "flows": "Source data (file paths and HTML content) flows from file system reads into processing functions; asset paths are constructed from input files; tag injection occurs by replacing portions of HTML content; modified content is written back to the filesystem.",
  "anomalies": "The code constructs regular expressions dynamically based on user options, which could be misused if options are user-controlled (though this is unlikely in typical build environments). It injects tags based on configurable templates. There are no hardcoded credentials or suspicious patterns; the code is primarily a file processing utility.",
  "analysis": "The script registers a Grunt multi-task that reads configuration options for injecting asset tags into HTML files. It performs file existence checks, constructs injection tags based on templates, and replaces specific sections marked by start/end comments. It also has an optional feature to update existing tags using regex matching. The core operations involve reading files, constructing tags, and replacing portions of HTML content. No dynamic code execution, network connections, or credential handling is present. The regex used for tag matching is configurable but not inherently malicious. There are no obfuscated code patterns or suspicious function calls. The logic appears to be a standard build tool for injecting asset references, with no indicators of malicious intent or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate build utility for automating asset tag insertion in HTML files. It reads and writes files, performs string manipulations, and uses configurable options. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behaviors. The only potential concern is the use of regex for tag matching, but it is used for legitimate HTML tag processing. Overall, the code is safe and serves a specific build-related purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}