{
  "purpose": "This code defines a middleware utility that processes and enhances functions, possibly for modular or plugin-based applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads the input object 'n' passed to the main function, and also accesses properties of 'n' such as 'actions', 'modules', and function parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code applies enhancements to functions and objects, potentially executing user-provided functions. No explicit data sinks such as network requests, file writes, or environment variables are present.",
  "flows": "Input 'n' is processed by 'u', which enhances properties such as 'actions' and 'modules'. The functions returned may invoke user-supplied functions, which could be potential sources if untrusted inputs are involved.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs dynamic property definitions and recursive processing of nested modules/actions, which could be misused to obfuscate malicious behavior. However, no hardcoded credentials, network calls, or obfuscated code are present. The source map comment at the end is normal for transpiled code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a utility for enhancing and wrapping functions within a modular structure. It processes an input object to assign names to functions and to generate wrapped functions that invoke user-defined logic. The recursive processing of 'actions' and 'modules' could be exploited if the input object is untrusted, but the code itself does not perform malicious operations. The presence of source map link indicates standard build artifacts. No network calls, data exfiltration, or suspicious behaviors are evident. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate middleware utility without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This is a standard middleware enhancement utility that processes modular function objects. No malicious behavior or malware signatures are detected. It primarily performs function wrapping and property definitions, which are common in middleware systems.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}