{
  "purpose": "Provides a query builder and iterator for a database system, enabling filtering, text search, column selection, vector search, and execution of queries with support for asynchronous data handling.",
  "sources": "Method parameters (predicate, query, columns, vectors, options), internal promise resolutions, and user-provided functions in doCall.",
  "sinks": "No external data sinks, network calls, or data exfiltration points are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into inner query objects via doCall; data is processed asynchronously through promises; results are iterated via RecordBatchIterator and converted to Arrow tables or arrays.",
  "anomalies": "The doCall method accepts arbitrary functions 'fn' that are executed on 'inner', which could be misused if 'fn' is malicious or untrusted, potentially leading to unintended side effects.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, well-structured query interface with classes for building and executing database queries, including filtering, full-text search, column selection, vector search, reranking, and result iteration. It uses promises for async operations and provides mechanisms for customizing query parameters. No network activity, external code execution, or obfuscation is evident. The only potential concern is the doCall method, which executes arbitrary functions on 'inner'. If 'fn' is supplied by an untrusted source, it could perform malicious operations, such as modifying internal state or leaking data. However, in typical usage, this pattern is controlled and safe. The code's clarity and lack of external communication justify a malware score of 0 and obfuscated score of 0. The security risk score is low (~0.2), reflecting the slight potential for misuse if external code influences 'fn'. Overall, the code is safe, with a minor consideration regarding the flexibility of doCall.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-implemented query builder for a database system, with no malicious behavior or obfuscation. The primary security consideration is the doCall method, which could be misused if 'fn' is untrusted. The assigned scores (malware = 0, obfuscated = 0, risk = 0.2) are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}