{
  "purpose": "The script processes and transforms Weixin Mini Program source code files (.wxss, .wxml, and associated assets) by applying specific transformations for font sizes, page metadata, and image sizes. It automates file reading, parsing, and writing based on project structure.",
  "sources": "File system reads for source code files (.wxss, .wxml, app.json), environment variables (process.argv), and module imports.",
  "sinks": "File system writes for modified files; reading app.json; use of imported transformation modules.",
  "flows": "Reads source files -> processes content via transformation functions -> writes transformed content back to files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code performs straightforward file operations and data transformations without unusual constructs or obfuscated code.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with module imports and utility functions for transforming wxss, wxml, and image classes. It uses glob patterns to locate relevant files, reads their content, applies transformations via imported modules, and overwrites the original files. The 'app.json' is parsed to gather pages and subpackages. The code processes each relevant file type sequentially and handles errors gracefully. No signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors are evident. The functions rely on external transformation modules whose behaviors are unknown, but the code structure itself is standard for a build or pre-processing script. Overall, the code performs legitimate project transformations without suspicious actions.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a typical file processing utility for Weixin Mini Program projects. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks based on static analysis. The code appears safe and intentionally designed for code transformation tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}