{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React-based image gallery component with lightbox functionality, supporting image selection, thumbnail rendering, and user interaction features.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from imported modules, component props (e.g., images, styles), and internal state. It also accesses DOM elements (e.g., container width).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include event handlers (e.g., onClick), network requests (none observed), DOM updates, and rendering of images and overlays. No direct data leaks are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and internal state to rendering functions, with user interactions (mouse, keyboard) triggering state updates and callbacks. No evidence of untrusted data flow leading to security issues.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behavior, are observed. The code uses standard React patterns, and the auxiliary functions are typical for transpiled or polyfilled code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component suite for a visual gallery, utilizing standard JavaScript and React conventions. The helper functions (_objectSpread2, _classCallCheck, etc.) are typical for transpiled code, indicating no obfuscation. The logic involves rendering images with overlay controls, selection buttons, and a lightbox modal, all of which appear to be implemented securely and with user interaction handling. There are no network requests, cryptomining, or data exfiltration patterns present. The code does not include any dynamic code execution or malicious payloads. The dependency on 'react-images' for the lightbox is standard and not suspicious. Overall, there are no malicious behaviors or sabotage detected.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a React-based image gallery component with typical functionality. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The code appears well-structured, with no anomalies or suspicious patterns. The security risk score is low, and confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}