{
  "purpose": "The code implements a plugin for jsPsych to upload or retrieve data related to experiments via a remote server (pipe.jspsych.org). It provides functions to save data in different formats and fetch condition assignments.",
  "sources": "Inputs include trial parameters such as experiment_id, filename, data_string, and action. The code reads these parameters during execution.",
  "sinks": "Network fetch requests to 'https://pipe.jspsych.org/api/data/', 'https://pipe.jspsych.org/api/base64/', and 'https://pipe.jspsych.org/api/condition/' are the primary sinks where untrusted data could be sent or received.",
  "flows": "Data flows from trial parameters (sources) into fetch request bodies, which are then sent over the network. Responses are processed to extract results or conditions, which are used to generate trial data.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs network requests without any apparent obfuscation or dynamic code execution. It properly handles missing parameters and errors. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code constructs are detected. No suspicious data leaks or privacy violations are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The plugin securely performs data uploads and condition retrieval via POST requests to a designated server. It validates required parameters before making requests. The data sent is based on trial parameters, and responses are processed accordingly. No suspicious or malicious network activity or code patterns are evident. The code follows standard practices for asynchronous network requests and error handling. There are no indicators of malicious intent such as hidden backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious code injections. The usage of external APIs appears to be for legitimate data management purposes. The code structure and logic are straightforward and do not include obfuscation or malicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a data handling plugin for jsPsych, with secure network requests and proper parameter validation. No malicious behavior or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}