{
  "purpose": "The code defines a plugin for jsPsych to facilitate data saving and condition retrieval via the pipe.jspsych.org service during experiments.",
  "sources": "Inputs are the trial parameters: experiment_id, filename, data_string, and action; data is read from these parameters, especially when saving data or retrieving conditions.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to 'https://pipe.jspsych.org/api/data/', 'https://pipe.jspsych.org/api/base64/', and 'https://pipe.jspsych.org/api/condition/' endpoints are potential sinks for untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (experiment_id, filename, data_string) are used in network requests; data from these requests are returned as JSON responses; these responses are assigned to result and used to determine trial success.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to handle data uploads and condition retrieval securely, with standard API calls. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code segments are present. No obfuscation, no suspicious dynamic code execution. Error handling is straightforward, and network requests are to trusted endpoints. No data exfiltration or hidden backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The plugin is designed to upload experiment data or retrieve conditions from a specified API endpoint. It performs network requests with proper headers and JSON payloads, based on trial parameters. The data sent is either raw or base64-encoded, both of which are standard for data transmission. The code includes basic error handling for missing parameters and network exceptions. No code patterns indicating malicious intent, such as data theft, system compromise, or backdoors, are present. The external communication is limited to a known API, and there are no signs of data leakage or covert channels.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate plugin for managing experiment data and conditions, with no malicious or suspicious behavior detected. It performs standard network operations to a specified API, with no signs of malware, data exfiltration, or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}