{
  "purpose": "The code implements pan and zoom functionality for SVG elements, enabling panning, wheel zoom, and pinch zoom interactions in an SVG environment.",
  "sources": "User input events such as 'wheel', 'touchstart', 'touchmove', 'touchend', 'mousedown', 'mouseup', and 'mousemove'; data from event properties such as clientX, clientY, deltaY, and touch points.",
  "sinks": "Manipulation of the SVG viewbox for zooming and panning; event dispatching for custom events like 'zoom', 'panStart', 'panEnd', 'pinchZoomStart', and 'pinchZoomEnd'.",
  "flows": "Input events (sources) are processed to calculate zoom levels and pan offsets, which are then applied to the SVG's viewbox (sink). Event dispatches occur during interactions to signal state changes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The code appears to be standard implementation of SVG interaction handling. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or unusual behavior is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports SVG.js modules and extends the Svg class with a 'panZoom' method, which adds event listeners for various interaction types to enable panning and zooming. It normalizes event data, handles different event types, and applies transformations to the viewbox accordingly. Margins and aspect ratio preservation are considered, and event dispatches allow external handling of interactions. The code includes proper prevention of default actions, event cleanup, and respect for options to enable/disable features. No network communication, data leakage, or malicious behavior is detected. The logic is consistent with standard SVG pan/zoom implementations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of SVG pan and zoom interactions without any signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It focuses on user interaction handling and viewbox manipulation. No malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}