{
  "purpose": "This code adds pan and zoom functionality to SVG elements, including handling wheel, pinch, and mouse interactions for interactive SVG manipulation.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include event objects from mouse, touch, and wheel events, primarily from DOM event listeners attached to the SVG or document elements.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve methods that modify the SVG viewbox, such as this.viewbox(), this.zoom(), and dispatching custom events, which can influence the rendering or state of the SVG element.",
  "flows": "Input events (mouse, touch, wheel) flow through event handlers that process and transform the viewbox via methods like zoom and viewbox adjustments. These handlers also dispatch custom events for pan and zoom actions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. The code predominantly implements standard interaction handling. No external network requests, data exfiltration, or malicious system modifications are evident. The code uses standard event normalization and manipulation patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code extends the SVG.js library with a panZoom method that manages zooming and panning interactions on SVG elements. It handles different input methods (mouse wheel, touch pinch, mouse drag) with normalization, restricts viewbox panning within margins, and dispatches custom events for integration. The logic appears to be straightforward, focusing on user interaction without any suspicious or malicious operations. There are no indications of hidden backdoors, data theft, or malicious network activity. The code adheres to standard practices for implementing SVG interaction features.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical implementation of SVG pan and zoom functionalities. It does not contain any malicious behavior or malware. The security risk is minimal, primarily because it does not perform any external communications or system modifications. The code appears safe for use, with no signs of sabotage or privacy violations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}