{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a collection of utility functions and style rule definitions for a CSS-in-JS or utility CSS framework, including color, layout, transition, and other style utilities.",
  "sources": "The code reads theme configurations, input strings for style classes, and uses regular expressions to parse style directives. It imports external modules './chunk-BNU23G5S.js' and './chunk-Y6EUTGDC.js' for functions like hex2rgba.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that generate CSS property objects based on input strings, especially where user input is parsed and then directly transformed into style objects (e.g., colorResolver, handler functions). There are no network requests, file writes, or execution of untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Input strings (e.g., class names or style directives) flow through regex matches and handler functions that produce CSS objects. These are then returned as style rules. Data from theme or input strings is processed without executing code, only data transformation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are detected. The code is heavily focused on style parsing and transformation. External modules are required but their content is unknown; however, they are used for utility functions like hex2rgba, which is standard for color processing. There are no dynamically evaluated code snippets, eval calls, or suspicious network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code defines numerous style rules and utility functions for CSS processing, including color extraction, size calculations, and style mappings. All data flows involve string parsing, regex matching, and returning style objects or CSS variable assignments. No untrusted external code execution, network operations, or malicious data handling was detected. External dependencies are only imported functions for color conversion, which are typical for CSS utilities. The code is structured, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious injection.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a style utility library for CSS class parsing and style rule generation. It appears to be benign, focused on styling logic, with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior identified. External modules are used for color conversions but are standard utility functions. Overall, the code is safe, with low malware and security risk scores.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}