{
  "purpose": "The code serves as a CSS utility/style generator, defining rules and mappings for class name patterns to produce style objects, primarily for styling purposes in a utility-first CSS framework.",
  "sources": "Pattern matching on class name strings, theme data (colors, font sizes, border radii, etc.), and external utility modules for color conversions and size parsing.",
  "sinks": "Generation of style objects and CSS variables based on class name patterns; no external system interactions or network activity.",
  "flows": "Class name patterns are matched to functions or static style objects, which then produce style declarations or CSS variables used in styling components.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, backdoors, obfuscation, or malicious behavior detected. The code is straightforward, pattern-based, and relies on standard utility functions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical CSS utility framework with pattern matching for class names, theme lookups, and utility functions for size and color parsing. External modules are used for color conversions and size handling, which are standard utilities. No signs of malicious code, obfuscation, or external system interaction are present. The malware score is 0, as there are no malicious activities. The obfuscated score is 0, given the clear and structured code. The security risk score is low (~0.1-0.2), reflecting potential misuse in untrusted environments but no actual vulnerabilities or malicious intent. The scores assigned in the critical reports are consistent with this analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured CSS utility generator with pattern matching and theme lookups. It does not contain malware, obfuscation, or malicious logic. The scores of malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, and low security risk (~0.1-0.2) are justified and appropriate. Overall, the code is safe and suitable for use in production environments.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.15,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}