{
  "purpose": "This code defines a collection of utility functions, mappings, and style rules for a CSS-in-JS or utility-first CSS framework, focusing on style property generation and validation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from string patterns (e.g., class names), theme objects, and configuration options (e.g., theme.colors, theme.breakpoints, theme.fontSize, theme.borderRadius, theme.textShadow). It processes these inputs through pattern matching and mapping functions.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs style objects, CSS property strings, or configuration objects used to apply styles in a JavaScript or CSS environment. No direct sinks involve untrusted external systems or network operations.",
  "flows": "Input class strings or configuration data flow through pattern matching functions and validation steps, leading to style object creation. There are no flows leading to external data sinks like network, file system, or system commands.",
  "anomalies": "There are no evident anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behaviors. All functions perform standard pattern matching, data parsing, and mapping. No dynamic code execution, eval, or suspicious obfuscation is present. The code appears structured for style processing, not malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive set of style rule definitions, utility functions for handling CSS units and values, and mappings for property validation. It employs pattern matching with regular expressions to generate style objects, which is typical for utility CSS frameworks. No functions or logic indicate malicious intent such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. The code handles color extraction, unit conversion, and style validation safely. It does not contain obfuscated or minified malicious code. All data flows are confined within style computation, with no external or system-level access. The code structure is consistent with a style rule system and does not raise security concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a style utility framework that processes class names into style objects. It does not contain any malicious behavior, malicious code, or security risks. Its purpose is style management, not data exfiltration or system compromise. Therefore, it presents a low security risk and no malware signals.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}