{
  "purpose": "The code implements a 3D model viewer using WebGL, capable of loading, rendering, and interacting with IFC and wexBIM format models. It handles model loading, rendering, camera control, clipping, styling, and event management.",
  "sources": "Sources of data include model files (URL, Blob, File), binary buffers for model geometry, and user input events (mouse, scroll). Data flows from binary files into buffers and textures for rendering.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests (XMLHttpRequest), WebGL texture and buffer creation, and readPixels for ID detection. No code injection or unsafe SQL is present; no data is written back to network or filesystem.",
  "flows": "Data flows from model load sources into binary readers, then into geometry buffers and textures, which are then used in rendering. User interactions trigger events that may invoke callbacks but do not process untrusted data directly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are detected. Shader code appears standard; no obfuscated code, dynamic eval, or misleading variable names. No suspicious network communication or hidden data leaks observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is well-structured, primarily handling 3D visualization, model management, and user interaction. It uses XMLHttpRequest for model loading, with proper response handling and error reporting. WebGL context creation and shader compilation are standard. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or cryptomining. The use of textures and buffers is typical for WebGL applications. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are found, and the inclusion of shader code appears legitimate for rendering purposes. The event system manages user interactions and model states without executing untrusted code or injecting data into network requests.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard 3D model viewer with comprehensive functionality for loading, rendering, and interacting with models. It does not contain any malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. The code appears safe and designed solely for visualization purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}