{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WebGL-based 3D IFC model viewer, including binary data parsing, shader management, camera controls, and event handling for visualization.",
  "sources": "Reads binary IFC model data from URL, Blob, or File sources; reads environment features and extension support; reads user input events; reads texture data for rendering; reads model geometry, styles, and product information.",
  "sinks": "Sets WebGL textures and buffers with model data; reads pixel data for ID picking; executes shader programs; manipulates camera matrices; handles user interaction events.",
  "flows": "Loads model data source -> parses binary IFC data -> populates buffers/textures -> uploads data to GPU -> on draw, sets shader uniforms and attributes -> renders scene; on picking, reads pixels to identify model parts.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors detected. Shader code uses standard ID encoding and color coding. No network communications or data leakage appears outside normal rendering and picking. Code appears to follow typical WebGL viewer pattern, including optional SVG overlay for clipping.",
  "analysis": "The code is comprehensive for a WebGL IFC viewer, with functions for binary data loading, shader compilation, camera control, and interaction events. All data reads are from model sources or environment checks. No network calls or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation techniques are used. The presence of standard utility functions and shader code is typical for such applications. The code manages textures and buffers appropriately and does not contain hidden or malicious code. No signals of sabotage, backdoors, or malware are detected. The code structure, licensing comments, and shader logic are consistent with legitimate open-source viewer code.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard WebGL IFC model viewer implementation with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs expected data parsing, rendering, and user interaction functions without any suspicious network activity or hidden code segments.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}