{
  "purpose": "Automate building a project in a specified target directory and move the build output to a public folder.",
  "sources": "process.env.PWD, target parameter, out parameter, external helper functions, child_process.spawn",
  "sinks": "Filesystem operations (renameSync), spawning 'npm run build' process, writing to stdout",
  "flows": "Input parameters (target, out) and environment variable (PWD) influence directory paths; build process runs in target directory; output folder is moved to destination",
  "anomalies": "Lack of validation or sanitization for 'target' and 'out' parameters; reliance on process.env.PWD without validation; no error handling for filesystem or build failures",
  "analysis": "The code constructs directory paths using environment variables and parameters without validation, then runs a build command in the target directory. After build completion, it renames the output folder to the destination. No malicious code, network activity, or obfuscation is present. The main concern is potential directory traversal or filesystem manipulation if inputs are malicious, but no active malicious behavior is evident. The code is straightforward and lacks validation or error handling, which could be exploited in misconfigured environments. No signs of malware or obfuscation are detected. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, securityRisk=0.2-0.3) are consistent with the analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard build automation tool with no malicious intent. The primary security issues relate to lack of input validation and error handling, which could lead to misbehavior if inputs are maliciously crafted. There is no evidence of malware or obfuscation. The current scores are appropriate, with malware and obfuscated scores at 0 and a low security risk score (~0.2). Implementing input validation and error handling would improve robustness but are not critical for security. Overall, the code is safe and does not exhibit malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}