{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define and export a Vue.js widget library for displaying movie-related data, including components like headers, footers, ratings, and loaders. It likely functions as a frontend widget for movie information display.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from environment variables (e.g., environment variables are not explicitly present, but it reads from props like 'url' and 'token'), and network requests are made to URLs specified in the 'url' property via API calls using axios (or similar) modules. It also imports external CSS and font URLs.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests (API calls to external URLs), DOM manipulation (injecting HTML, styles, or SVGs), and local storage or cookies (though none are explicitly present).",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'props' (such as 'url', 'token') into API request functions, which then fetch data from specified external URLs; this data is processed and rendered into Vue components. User interactions, such as clicking toggle icons, emit events or modify component state.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains many base64-encoded SVG images (likely placeholders or icons), external font imports, and extensive CSS styling. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious URL patterns are visible. No obfuscated or intentionally malicious dynamic code execution is apparent. Network request URLs are externally configurable via props. No suspicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, system modification, or backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The initial code is a UMD (Universal Module Definition) pattern exporting a Vue widget module. It contains several component definitions, including a movie widget, rating stars, header, footer, loader, and content components. External URLs for fonts and SVG images are imported. API URLs and tokens are passed as props, allowing data fetching from external sources. Network requests are made using imported modules (probably axios or similar), with URLs and parameters provided externally, minimizing the risk of hardcoded malicious endpoints. There are no indications of code that exfiltrates user data, connects to unknown domains, mines cryptocurrencies, or opens reverse shells. The code mainly handles data rendering and user interaction within the widget's scope. No suspicious or malicious anomalies such as backdoors, hidden system access, or data theft mechanisms are detected. The base64-encoded SVGs are likely icons or decorative assets, not malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Vue.js widget library designed for displaying movie data with configurable API endpoints and tokens. It employs external resources responsibly, with no evident malicious intent or behavior. There are no signs of malware, data exfiltration, or supply chain attacks within this module. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}