{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a JavaScript module bundle, likely for a Vue.js widget related to movie data display, including styles, components, and API interactions.",
  "sources": "Data reads from environment variables (default API URLs and tokens), network requests to external domains, and potentially from user interactions via props and events.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to external API URLs, DOM manipulation for styles and content rendering, and potential event emissions.",
  "flows": "Potential source: API URL and token props, network requests to configured URLs, data handling and rendering within Vue components, and style injections into the DOM.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; external URLs are standard and include Google Fonts and known API endpoints. The code is largely standard Vue.js bundle with Webpack style. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are evident. No suspicious network connections or data leaks are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified Webpack bundle primarily for Vue.js components that display movie data, styles, and UI elements. It uses environment variables for API URLs and tokens, which are standard practice. The code makes network requests to these URLs, handles responses, and updates the DOM accordingly. No indications of code injection, data exfiltration, or reverse shells are present. The style injections and component logic are typical. The absence of hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated malicious code suggests no malicious intent. The code structure is consistent with open-source Vue.js widget bundles, and no suspicious behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Vue.js component bundle for displaying movie data, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It follows typical patterns for API consumption, styling, and component rendering. The security risk is minimal and within expected norms for open-source UI widget code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}