{
  "purpose": "The provided code appears to be a bundled JavaScript module for a Vue.js widget related to movies, with various components and styles imported via Webpack. Its purpose is likely to fetch and display movie data, such as ratings, posters, and information from a remote API.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from properties like 'url', 'token', 'type', 'limit', 'sortBy', and environment variables; fetches remote API data via Axios; reads cookies for CSRF tokens; and processes user input via props and methods.",
  "sinks": "Remote API calls using Axios; setting of cookies; potentially dynamic URL generation; use of environment variables; DOM manipulations through Vue rendering.",
  "flows": "Input data (props/env variables) flow into API request functions, with URL and token used as request parameters; API responses flow into component data updates; cookie reading for CSRF tokens; data displayed in DOM elements.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets evident; no obfuscated code or unusual language features. The URL validator includes a comprehensive regex for URL validation, which is standard. External font imports are typical; no signs of data exfiltration or hidden backdoors are visible. Code is minified but appears to be standard bundle output, not obfuscated malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified Webpack bundle for a Vue.js widget. It contains component definitions, style injections, and API request logic. The network interactions occur through Axios with dynamic URLs and tokens, which are typical for such widgets. Cookie reading for CSRF tokens is standard in web apps. No suspicious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The minified nature and structure suggest it's a standard library bundle rather than obfuscated malicious code. Overall, the code's function aligns with a legitimate data display widget, with no indications of malicious activity or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard Vue.js widget bundle for displaying movie data. It performs typical operations such as API requests, DOM rendering, and styling. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain attacks are evident. The security risk is minimal, and there are no signs of malware. Confidence level is high that this code is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}