{
  "purpose": "The provided code appears to be a bundled JavaScript library, likely a Vue.js component or widget, designed for rendering movie-related content, such as top movies, with various layout options. It includes components like BaseWidget, Rating, Loader, and functionalities for fetching data from a specified API URL.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from props like 'url', 'token', and other parameters, and makes network requests using imported API modules (e.g., 'Api.get'). It also reads environment variables and imports external resources (Google Fonts, images).",
  "sinks": "Network requests to API endpoints (e.g., 'https://www.rottentomatoes.com/api/private/v1.0/m/list/find') and dynamic URL construction based on user input props; potentially vulnerable if inputs are not sanitized.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and environment variables into API request functions, which then transmit data over the network. User interactions (e.g., toggling expansion) change component states but do not directly lead to malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; external resources are loaded via standard URLs. No evidence of obfuscated or malicious code; code appears to be standard Vue.js component bundling. No indications of code injection, reverse shells, or data exfiltration. The presence of imports from common libraries and standard patterns suggests normal operation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified bundle of Vue.js components, designed for a movie widget with configurable API URL, token, and layout. It performs data fetching from specified URLs, including validation of input URLs and tokens. No signs of dynamic code execution, hidden backdoors, or data leaks. External resources are loaded securely via HTTPS, and no suspicious network activity or obfuscated code is present. The structure and patterns follow typical open-source Vue.js component bundling. Given the lack of suspicious code behavior, malicious activity, or anomalous signals, the code appears to be legitimate and benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Vue.js widget bundle used for displaying movie data, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It responsibly uses external data sources, validates inputs, and does not contain hidden backdoors or malware indicators.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}