{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React-based file uploader component that allows users to drag and drop images or videos, preview them, and upload them to a specified API endpoint. It manages file previews, deletion, and handles uploads via Axios.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from user file uploads via reactDropzone, URL.createObjectURL for previews, and environment or API endpoint data for uploading (via axios headers). It also uses lodash for unique ID generation.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data flows include uploading files via axios to an external API endpoint, where formData is sent over network. Image and video previews are generated from uploaded files, which could be manipulated if files are malicious.",
  "flows": "Files are accepted via drag/drop, processed into objects with preview URLs, stored in state, and then uploaded via Axios POST requests to specified API endpoints. Previews are generated from local file objects or server response data.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution present. The axios POST requests include an 'Authorization' header with a value derived from 'destinationFolder', which could be misused if misconfigured. Console logs are used for debugging, which is not suspicious but should be removed in production.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical React file uploader component with standard practices for managing file previews and uploads. The upload function conditionally includes an 'Authorization' header with 'destinationFolder', which might be misused if that value is maliciously configured. No suspicious or malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system damage routines are evident. No code injection, SQL injection, or environment variable misuse detected. The use of URL.createObjectURL and axios is standard. The code's security relies on proper API endpoint and header management; there are no indicators of malicious intent in the logic itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React file uploader component with no evidence of malicious intent. The only potential concern is the use of 'destinationFolder' in an 'Authorization' header, which should be validated to prevent misuse. Overall, the code does not exhibit malware or malicious behavior, but it should be used with trusted API endpoints and headers.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}