{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React component for uploading images or videos, displaying previews, and optionally uploading files to a server endpoint using axios.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user-selected files via the drag-and-drop interface (`react-dropzone`), environment variables (possibly through axios headers), and props passed to components such as `handleSetImagesArray`, `apiEndpoint`, and `destinationFolder`. It also reads files from the user's file system during file selection.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with network endpoints via axios POST requests, potentially sending file data to a server at the specified `apiEndpoint` with optional authorization headers (`destinationFolder`). It also creates object URLs for file previews using URL.createObjectURL, which is a benign sink for rendering previews.",
  "flows": "Files selected through drag-and-drop or programmatically added are transformed into objects with metadata, then stored in state and optionally uploaded via axios POST requests. The upload flow includes form data creation and network requests. Previews are generated via object URLs or uploaded data URLs. File deletions modify the state to remove specific images.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution. The axios POST requests include a header 'Authorization' set to `destinationFolder`, which could be misused if `destinationFolder` is sensitive data; however, it is more likely a parameter. No malicious code or backdoors are evident. The code manages resources properly by revoking object URLs on unmount.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly focuses on providing a React-based file uploader with drag-and-drop functionality, preview rendering, and upload capabilities. It employs standard libraries without suspicious patterns. The only potentially sensitive aspect is the use of `destinationFolder` as an authorization header, which could be misused if it contains sensitive info; however, this does not constitute malware or malicious behavior per se. No obfuscated code, data exfiltration, or malicious network activity is present. All network requests are to specified endpoints, with no hardcoded URLs or hidden behaviors. The code includes typical React hooks, state management, and resource cleanup. Overall, the code appears benign and aligned with common application functionality.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard React file uploader component with preview and server upload features. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior are detected. The only minor concern is the handling of the 'Authorization' header, which should be verified to contain appropriate data. The code structure and functions are typical and do not exhibit obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}