{
  "purpose": "The code defines a modular JavaScript library providing utility functions for arrays, objects, strings, numbers, functions, and storage management. It appears designed to facilitate common utility operations in JavaScript applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from function parameters and local/session storage. No direct external input sources like network requests are present within this module.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of localStorage and sessionStorage APIs for data persistence. No direct data leakage or external network communication is observed. No unsafe eval or dynamic code execution is detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from storage get/set methods and function parameters to utility functions that manipulate data. No malicious data flows or external communication paths are identified.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors such as code injection, network requests, or data exfiltration are present. The use of eval is within source maps and source URLs, typical for webpack bundles, not malicious. The storage utility correctly encapsulates local/session storage. No obfuscation or suspicious code patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of utility modules implementing functions like deep cloning, object property access, array operations, number calculations, string manipulations, and local/session storage wrappers. The structure follows standard modular JavaScript patterns, using webpack's dynamic require context. No suspicious or malicious code segments such as remote communication, hidden backdoors, or malicious payloads are found. All operations are common utility functions and storage encapsulations. The only noteworthy aspect is the use of eval for source map annotations, which is typical for bundled code and not malicious in this context.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate utility library designed for application development, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is well-structured, standard, and does not perform any harmful operations. The risk level is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}