{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate dynamic CSS styles and keyframes for use in JavaScript-driven styling, likely within a UI framework or styling utility.",
  "sources": "Input objects to functions like parse() and keyframes(), attributes and decls parameters, and potentially user-supplied style objects.",
  "sinks": "CSS rules inserted into the document stylesheet via sheet.insertRule(), style and keyframes generated and injected into the DOM.",
  "flows": "Input style or keyframe objects → parse() function creates CSS rules as strings → createStyle() inserts rules into stylesheet → style() and keyframes() functions generate and cache styles.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The code dynamically creates CSS rules based on provided objects. The code avoids executing arbitrary code or obfuscated logic. It uses standard DOM and JavaScript features for style injection.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for hyphenating property names, creating CSS rules, wrapping CSS strings, and parsing style objects into CSS rules. It employs standard methods like insertRule to add CSS into the document. The export default function provides a styling API that caches styles based on input objects to optimize performance. The keyframes function similarly generates CSS animations. There is no evidence of data exfiltration, network activity, or malicious payloads. The code does not handle untrusted input insecurely, nor does it contain suspicious code patterns such as eval, dynamic function constructors, or network calls. The logic is straightforward and aligns with typical CSS-in-JS approaches. There is no obfuscation, no unusual code constructs, and no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a styling utility that generates and injects CSS rules and keyframes based on JavaScript objects. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It appears to be a standard CSS-in-JS implementation without malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}