{
  "purpose": "Pre-process MIDI files, analyze musical features, and build a Markov model for AI music generation in the context of a music contest project.",
  "sources": "Reads MIDI files from specified directories, reads command line arguments for user options, reads and parses MIDI data using @tonejs/midi, and accesses environment variables indirectly through process.argv.",
  "sinks": "Writes JSON files with constructed models and analysis results to local disk. No direct data leaks or network connections are present.",
  "flows": "Reads MIDI files -> Processes MIDI data -> Analyzes features -> Constructs Markov model -> Writes output JSON files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution observed. The code comments and structure appear standard for MIDI processing. Environment variables are accessed only via process.argv, not sensitive info. No indications of malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily performs MIDI file reading, musical analysis, and model construction. It uses third-party libraries for MIDI parsing and analysis. The code accesses local files, processes MIDI data, performs key detection, and saves analysis results to disk. No suspicious network activity, data leakage, or malicious behavior is detected. The only potential concern could be reliance on external libraries; however, these are common and open-source. The code does not contain any hidden or obfuscated code, nor does it perform any unexpected system modifications or communications.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate music analysis and modeling script with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It reads and writes data locally, uses standard libraries, and has no suspicious behaviors. Overall, it poses no significant security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}