{
  "purpose": "This module exports a collection of regular expressions used for validating various input data types such as URLs, numbers, emails, phone numbers, etc.",
  "sources": "The code defines regex patterns directly within the object, which are used for input validation purposes. No external data input reading or external data sources are present in this snippet.",
  "sinks": "The regex patterns are used as validation mechanisms and do not directly handle data sinks. However, if these patterns are used to validate untrusted input and then that input is used insecurely elsewhere, it could lead to security issues. No direct data leakage or malicious effect can be inferred solely from these patterns.",
  "flows": "No source-to-sink data flow is explicitly depicted within this code snippet. The regex patterns serve as validation rules rather than data flows.",
  "anomalies": "All patterns are straightforward regex definitions for validation. The only noteworthy point is that some regexes (e.g., for URLs, IP addresses, email) are simple and may not be comprehensive, but this does not imply malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious logic are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward collection of validation regex patterns for different data types. These patterns are typical and are used for input validation in web forms or data processing. No dynamic code execution, data processing, or external communication logic is present. The patterns themselves do not perform any malicious operations. There are no signs of obfuscation, malware, or malicious behavior. The patterns are static and intended for standard validation purposes.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign collection of validation regex patterns used for input validation. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It appears to be a utility module for form validation or similar purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}