{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component for rendering hierarchical chart nodes with interactive features such as collapsing/expanding, dragging, and selecting nodes.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'datasource' prop, and from imported modules, especially './service' for drag and select services. User interactions (click, drag, drop) serve as input sources.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include JSON.stringify during drag start, which serializes node data for transfer. changeHierarchy function is called with parsed data from dataTransfer, affecting hierarchy state. Event handlers modify DOM classes and call external services.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions (click, drag) through event handlers to data serialization (dragstart), and via changeHierarchy to update hierarchy structure. Drag-and-drop data is transferred via dataTransfer object, and selection state is managed through services.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. The code appears to be standard React component code with typical event handling. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. Use of JSON.stringify and parse for drag data is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The component uses React hooks and event handlers for node interactions, managing UI state like collapse/expand, selection, and drag-and-drop. It leverages external services for drag and selection state management. Data serialization during drag start and deserialization during drop are typical for drag-and-drop implementations. No network requests, suspicious code, or malicious data leaks are present. The code structure is complex but standard for a React hierarchical node component. No indications of malware or malicious behavior found.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a React UI component for hierarchical visualization with standard interaction features. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. The implementation is typical for such components, with no suspicious or malicious code detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}