{
  "purpose": "The code provides a JavaScript implementation of pointer lock controls for a 3D scene, allowing user interaction with a camera via mouse and keyboard events, primarily for 3D rendering and navigation.",
  "sources": "Reads input events from 'mousemove', 'pointerlockchange', 'pointerlockerror', 'keydown', and 'keyup'. Reads data from performance timing functions and DOM element properties.",
  "sinks": "Triggers 'requestPointerLock' and 'exitPointerLock' to control cursor lock state. Updates camera position and rotation based on input. Dispatches custom events like 'lock', 'unlock', and 'move'.",
  "flows": "User input events (mouse movement, key presses) influence camera orientation and velocity; pointer lock state changes trigger event dispatches; movement updates affect camera object position and rotation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network activity is present. The code relies on standard APIs and libraries. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution detected. The throttled 'move' event dispatch appears typical for input rate limiting.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of pointer lock controls with added keyboard movement. It uses event listeners to manage pointer lock state and user input for navigation. No suspicious data leaks or malicious behavior are evident. No external network activity or credential handling occurs. It leverages common 3D control patterns and safe DOM APIs. The only potential concern is if the environment where this runs is compromised, but the code itself appears benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical, well-structured implementation of pointer lock controls for 3D scene navigation. It contains no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It primarily manages user input and camera control with standard APIs, with no external or hidden malicious actions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}