{
  "purpose": "This code defines a PostCSS plugin 'postcss-maze' that processes CSS rules to generate responsive grid layouts based on custom properties like 'grid-container' and 'col-span'. It dynamically inserts CSS rules and media queries for grid styling.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from CSS declarations (decl.value) and parent selectors (decl.parent.selector). Configuration options (options.media, options.settings) are also sources if provided during plugin initialization.",
  "sinks": "CSS rules are modified or created (decl.parent.append, css.insertBefore). Potential injection points include dynamically generated media queries and CSS properties, but they are based on controlled input values within the plugin context.",
  "flows": "Data flows from CSS declarations (grid-container, col-span) to generated CSS rules and media queries. Inputs are validated via regex before generating outputs, minimizing malicious injection risk.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network activity. The logic relies on regex validation and controlled string concatenation. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The plugin processes custom CSS properties to generate layout rules and media queries. It uses regex for input validation to ensure correct syntax. The only external dependencies are 'postcss' and 'underscore', both standard libraries. It dynamically generates CSS but only based on CSS declarations and options provided, with no external network activity or file manipulation. No malicious or sabotage behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate PostCSS plugin designed for responsive grid layout generation. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious external interactions. Its behavior is predictable and controlled, with no suspicious anomalies or malware signals.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}