{
  "purpose": "This code is a PostCSS plugin designed to generate responsive grid layouts by processing custom CSS properties such as 'grid-container' and 'col-span'. It dynamically appends CSS rules and media queries based on provided configurations.",
  "sources": "Input CSS declarations with properties 'grid-container' and 'col-span'; plugin options for 'media' and 'settings' configurations.",
  "sinks": "Generated CSS rules, media queries, and appended style declarations; potential modification of CSS output.",
  "flows": "Input CSS declarations -> Plugin processes declarations -> Appends style rules and media queries based on custom properties -> Final CSS output includes grid layout styling.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious external network calls. Usage of external libraries 'postcss' and 'underscore' is typical. The code performs straightforward CSS processing without obfuscated or dynamic code execution. The only notable behavior is the dynamic insertion of CSS rules, which is standard for such plugins.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a PostCSS plugin that manipulates CSS rules based on custom properties for grid layout. It validates property values with regex, appends style declarations, and inserts media queries dynamically. The use of 'require' for 'postcss' and 'underscore' is standard, with no suspicious network activity or backdoors. It does not include any code that could be used maliciously to exfiltrate data, execute system commands, or compromise the system. The logic appears straightforward and intended for styling purposes only. There are no anomalies indicating malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate PostCSS plugin aimed at generating responsive grid layouts. It contains no evidence of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The functionality is typical for a CSS processing tool, and no hidden or malicious code is present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}