{
  "purpose": "The code dynamically generates import statements using user-controlled parameters 'filePath' and 'cardName', then transpiles the code to ES5. The primary concern is potential injection or malicious module loading if inputs are untrusted.",
  "sources": "Parameters 'filePath' and 'cardName' embedded directly into template strings within 'transES5' calls.",
  "sinks": "Generated code that, if executed, could load malicious modules or execute injected code based on untrusted inputs.",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> embedded into import statement strings -> transpiled by 'transES5' -> potentially executed or evaluated code.",
  "anomalies": "Lack of input validation or sanitization before embedding parameters into code strings; direct interpolation of untrusted data.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs import statements with user-controlled inputs embedded directly into template literals, then transpiles these snippets. Without validation, malicious inputs could lead to code injection or module hijacking. No malicious payloads are present in the code itself, but the pattern is risky if inputs are untrusted. The 'transES5' function's behavior is unknown; if it merely transpiles without executing, the risk is primarily injection, not malware. Scores assigned in reports are consistent: malware score is 0, reflecting no embedded malicious code, while security risk scores range from 0.2 to 0.6, with a justified value around 0.6 considering the injection potential. Obfuscated score remains 0, as the code is straightforward. Confidence levels are high, given the analysis. To mitigate risks, input validation or sanitization should be implemented before embedding parameters into code strings.",
  "conclusion": "The core issue is the lack of input validation leading to potential injection vulnerabilities. The code itself is not malicious but could be exploited if 'filePath' or 'cardName' are controlled by an attacker. Malware presence is not detected. The overall security risk is moderate, approximately 0.6, due to potential for injection if inputs are untrusted. Implementing input sanitization is recommended to reduce this risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}