{
  "purpose": "Provides geographic selection tools (box, radius, polygon) integrated with Google Maps API for use within a CSDLEditor interface.",
  "sources": "User interactions with map (clicks, marker drags), data stored in jQuery data attributes, and input from Google Places Autocomplete.",
  "sinks": "Map visualization (drawing rectangles, circles, polygons), updating area info, and map view adjustments based on user input.",
  "flows": "User input (map clicks, marker moves) -> updates stored coordinates -> redraws shapes -> updates map view and info displays.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to use standard Google Maps API features for geographic visualization; no suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code does not perform network requests outside of Google Maps API. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected. It relies on external Google Maps scripts and uses event listeners and DOM manipulations typical for map-based UI components.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes and manages Google Maps-based geographic selections (box, radius, polygon) within a custom editor interface. It sets up autocomplete for location search, handles user interactions such as clicks and drags, and updates visual shapes and info accordingly. No hardcoded secrets, no network data exfiltration, and no suspicious behavior are evident. The code uses publicly documented Google Maps API methods appropriately. The presence of event handlers for map interactions and DOM updates is consistent with standard functionality. No signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or sabotage are detected. The overall design appears legitimate for geographic selection tools.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of Google Maps-based geo selection features within an editor environment. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are evident. It follows common patterns for map interaction handling and UI updates. The security risk is minimal, primarily because it only uses Google Maps API for visualization and user input handling, without any suspicious external network activity or hidden functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}