{
  "purpose": "This code normalizes mouse wheel and touch scroll events to provide consistent delta values for use in scroll or zoom interactions, and manages event listeners for handling these interactions.",
  "sources": "Event listeners on 'wheel', 'touchstart', 'touchmove', 'mousedown', and 'mouseup' events; access to event properties such as 'detail', 'wheelDelta', 'deltaX', 'deltaY', and 'deltaMode'.",
  "sinks": "Callback functions invoked upon start, reset, touch, end, or scroll events; these callbacks could potentially perform actions based on untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Events (sources) trigger handlers that process scroll/touch data, normalize deltas, update internal state, and invoke registered callbacks; data flows from event properties to callback invocations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior observed. The code performs standard event handling and normalization without obfuscation. No external suspicious network connections or data leaks are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily focuses on normalizing various wheel and touch scroll inputs, handling event listeners, and providing callback mechanisms. It does not contain any code that connects to external domains, reads or writes sensitive data, or performs malicious actions. The normalization function accounts for cross-browser inconsistencies. Event handlers are set up and torn down properly. No signs of malware such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or unauthorized system access are present. The use of callbacks allows user code to respond to scroll events but does not inherently introduce security risks. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate utility module for handling scroll interactions without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard utility for normalizing wheel and touch events and managing related event listeners. There are no indications of malicious behavior or security risks within this code fragment. It is safe to use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}