{
  "purpose": "This source code implements a spinning prize wheel component using React and styled-components, with utility functions for randomness and color generation.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), imported modules ('react', 'styled-components'), and function parameters (choices, colors, size, etc.). It also uses internal state and callbacks for controlling the wheel's rotation and resetting.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily updates UI components and state; it does not perform data leaks or external network communication. No sinks involve untrusted data leading to data leaks or system effects.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and environment variables into rendering logic and utility functions, influencing the visual display and wheel behavior; no external untrusted sources influence critical operations or output beyond UI rendering.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains an extensive React JSX runtime implementation, likely for supporting JSX syntax. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are evident. The utility functions perform random calculations; however, these are standard for such components. No obfuscated or malicious code segments are detected.",
  "analysis": "The initial portion includes a UMD pattern for module definition, importing React and styled-components, which is standard. The core logic involves React component definitions with styled-components for styling, utility functions for randomness, color, and shuffle algorithms. The randomness functions appear legitimate for a prize wheel app, providing visual variety and behavior control. The code does not perform external network requests, system modifications, or hidden behaviors. The React JSX runtime code is a standard library inclusion, not malicious. No suspicious or malicious code patterns, such as hidden data exfiltration, system access, or backdoors, are present.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a React-based spinning prize wheel component with supporting utilities. It appears to be a standard implementation without malicious behavior or sabotage. No indicators of malware, malicious intent, or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}