{
  "purpose": "This code appears to implement a React component for a spinning prize wheel with various customization options, including color groups, choices, rotation, and reset functionalities.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), imports React and styled-components, and accepts external props for configuration (such as colors, size, choices). It also includes random number generation functions for selection and rotation angles.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that generate random numbers (Z, Ce, fe, Oe, qe, je) which could be manipulated if inputs are untrusted, but these are standard for such functionalities. No direct data leaks or network calls are present. No code that sends data over network or accesses sensitive information is detected.",
  "flows": "Input data (choices, colors, rotation parameters) flows into rendering logic and rotation calculations, with randomness functions influencing outcome. The component's internal state manages rotation and reset actions, but no untrusted source-to-sink flows are evident beyond standard random choices.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code is complex, but mostly standard React component logic for a wheel. No obfuscation or unusual language features are detected. All code appears to be functional and relevant to the component's purpose.",
  "analysis": "The code loads dependencies via UMD pattern, uses React JSX, styled-components, and defines several utility functions for randomness and selection. The main component manages wheel rotation, choice selection, and reset functionality, with no evidence of malicious behavior. Random functions are used for selection, which are standard and do not indicate malicious intent. No environment variables are accessed for secrets, no network or file operations are present. The code structure is complex but consistent with a React component for a spinning wheel; no obfuscation or hidden malicious logic is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a React component for a spinning prize wheel with standard functionalities. No signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks are detected. The randomness functions are used for selection and rotation but are not manipulated maliciously. Overall, the code appears safe and purposeful, with low risk of security issues.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}