{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a spinning prize wheel component using React and styled-components, intended for a UI feature in a web application.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (process.env), imports external dependencies ('react', 'styled-components'), and defines internal state variables and functions.",
  "sinks": "Uses the 'react' library for rendering components and managing state; no explicit data sinks like network requests or file system access are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from imported dependencies and environment variables into component rendering logic and state management functions. Random number generation influences the wheel rotation calculations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are detected. The code contains extensive React JSX runtime functions and styling but no suspicious or obfuscated patterns. The random color and rotation calculations seem standard for visual effects.",
  "analysis": "The code loads React and styled-components, defines a spinning wheel component with customizable options (colors, size, rotation duration), and manages rotation state with React hooks. It employs random functions to generate colors and rotation angles, and performs input validation (e.g., checks for duplicate IDs and sum of rarities). There are no signs of data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors. The lengthy inclusion of React internals appears to be part of standard JSX runtime code, not malicious obfuscation. The code structure and logic align with typical React component implementations for such UI features.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a legitimate React component implementing a spinning prize wheel. It contains no malicious behavior or security risks. The code is well-structured, with no suspicious patterns, hardcoded secrets, or covert data flows. Overall, it is safe for use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}