{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React-based spinning prize wheel component with styling and utility functions, intended for use in a web application to display an interactive lottery or game element.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from props such as 'colors', 'size', 'choices', 'rarityGroups', and other configuration parameters. It also uses internal state and callbacks for wheel rotation and reset functions.",
  "sinks": "The code does not appear to send data over the network, write to the filesystem, or invoke external system commands. It uses React hooks and utility functions internally without external communication or side effects.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component inputs (props) through internal functions that manage the wheel's state, rotation, and color assignments. User interactions trigger state changes and animations but do not involve untrusted external data sinks.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs. The code includes standard React JSX runtime setup, styling, and randomization utilities. The inclusion of a source map URL is normal for source mapping. No suspicious obfuscation or hidden code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a React component for a spinning prize wheel with configurable colors, sizes, and choices. It uses standard React hooks, callback, and effect mechanisms to handle rotation and resetting. Utility functions for random selection and shuffling are included. The code structure and logic are consistent with typical React component patterns. No evidence of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or sabotage is found. The initial portion contains standard module definition boilerplate. The rest of the code is focused on rendering, styling, and wheel logic, with no external network calls or sensitive data handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical React component for a spinning prize wheel, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or suspicious data flows. The code is safe based on the provided snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}