{
  "purpose": "The code defines environment detection functions and constants for determining if the code runs in a browser or Node.js environment, as well as environment-related configuration logic.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV, window.ENV), top-level objects (this, window, global).",
  "sinks": "None apparent; no data leaks, network connections, or sensitive data handling evident.",
  "flows": "Environment variables are read based on environment detection functions. No data flows from untrusted sources to sinks.",
  "anomalies": "Use of new Function to dynamically evaluate environment checks; no parameters passed, potentially obfuscating execution context. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code behaviors are present. The appInstance() function is empty, which is unusual but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code performs environment detection by dynamically executing functions that compare 'this' to 'window' or 'global'. These functions are used immediately to set constants indicating the runtime environment. The env() function reads environment variables depending on the environment, throwing an error if neither environment is detected. No network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection is present. The dynamic use of new Function is a point to note but is not inherently malicious, merely unconventional. The code is well-structured for environment detection with no suspicious logic or malicious payloads. The empty appInstance() function is unusual but not malicious; it may be a placeholder for future implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard environment detection utility with no signs of malicious intent or harmful behavior. The only unconventional aspect is the use of new Function for environment checks, which could be used for obfuscation but is not malicious by itself. Overall, the code appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}