{
  "purpose": "This code manages asset paths, reads files, encodes assets into data URLs, and dynamically loads mode-specific modules for a desktop application environment, primarily for asset and layout handling.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (process.env.Q37_EPEIOS), file system (fs.readFileSync), process arguments (process.argv), and external modules ('shared', mode-specific modules).",
  "sinks": "Uses data URLs for embedding assets, calls external modules for layout and script execution, and potentially exposes environment variables or assets if compromised.",
  "flows": "Reads environment variables and files (sources) -> encodes assets or paths -> passes data into external modules or functions (sinks) for layout, script execution, or asset management.",
  "anomalies": "The function getEpeiosPath() throws an error if not in dev mode, which is a strict control measure but not malicious. No obfuscation or malicious code detected. External dependencies are loaded dynamically based on mode, which could be manipulated if mode is externally controlled, but internally managed here.",
  "analysis": "The code is a utility module for asset management, layout handling, and external module interaction. It uses environment variables for path resolution and reads assets synchronously, embedding them into data URLs. No code injection, network activity, or data exfiltration is evident. External dependencies and environment variables are potential attack vectors but are standard in such configurations. The code is clear, well-structured, and lacks obfuscation or malicious payloads. The only concern is reliance on external inputs without validation, which is common but should be noted. Overall, the code appears legitimate and safe.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility module for asset and layout management in a desktop environment. No signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware are present. External dependencies and environment variables are potential vectors but not malicious. The code is clear, with a low security risk primarily due to external factors, but no malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}