{
  "purpose": "A Higher-Order React Native component that adds animated progress and rotation effects to a wrapped component, primarily for visual animation purposes.",
  "sources": "Props: 'progress', 'indeterminate', 'indeterminateAnimationDuration', 'direction', 'animated'; State: 'progress', 'rotation' (Animated.Values); Listeners: progress and rotation listeners on Animated.Values.",
  "sinks": "Animated API calls (Animated.spring, Animated.timing), which control UI animations; potential data flow through props that could affect visual rendering but do not handle untrusted input directly.",
  "flows": "Props 'progress' and 'indeterminate' update animated values; 'componentDidUpdate' triggers animations based on prop changes; 'spin' method continuously updates 'rotation' Animated.Value for spinning effect.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or unusual behaviors. Uses standard React Native animation API for visual effects only. No external network requests, file operations, or data leaks observed. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a React Native HOC for animation, utilizing Animated API for progress and rotation animations. It listens to Animated.Values and updates the UI accordingly. The logic is straightforward, focusing solely on visual effects. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The only potential concern is if the props are manipulated maliciously by the parent component, but this is outside the scope of this code. The use of animation APIs is standard and does not introduce security issues.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard animation wrapper for React Native components with no malicious intent or suspicious behaviors detected. It does not perform any network activity, data leaks, or other malicious actions. It is safe from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}