{
  "purpose": "This code manages build flow configurations by dynamically requiring modules based on flow steps and post-processors, then updating configuration objects accordingly.",
  "sources": "Flow step definitions, post-processor definitions, and block source files",
  "sinks": "Configuration objects and generated config data used in build steps",
  "flows": "Flow steps and post-processing steps lead to calls to require() for modules, which then influence configuration creation",
  "anomalies": "Use of require() with paths constructed from external input without validation; no input validation or whitelisting implemented",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically loads modules from the 'config' directory based on flow steps and post-processors, which are specified as strings or objects. This pattern introduces supply chain risks if the module names or flow definitions are manipulated by an attacker. No malicious code, network activity, or obfuscation is present. The main concern is the potential for malicious module loading if inputs are untrusted. The code's structure is straightforward, with no signs of obfuscation. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate; malware and obfuscated scores are correctly set to 0. The security risk scores range from 0.2 to 0.4, reflecting the inherent risk of dynamic require() calls without validation. To mitigate this, input validation or whitelisting should be implemented, but the current code does not contain active malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a build configuration manager that relies on dynamic module loading, which poses supply chain risks if inputs are untrusted. There is no evidence of malware or obfuscation. The main vulnerability is the use of require() with external inputs without validation, which could be exploited if an attacker influences the flow definitions or module names. The malware score remains 0, obfuscated score 0, and the risk score should be around 0.3 to 0.4 depending on environment trust levels. Overall, the reports are accurate and appropriately cautious; implementing input validation would reduce the risk further.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}