{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a bundled React-based charting library, exporting various chart components such as Area, CirclePie, and BarMetric for use in visualizations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules and React components, with no evident direct input sources such as user input or environment variables within this fragment.",
  "sinks": "The code renders SVG elements, text, and React components, which could potentially be sinks if untrusted data is injected into properties like 'txt', 'style', or innerHTML (dangerouslySetInnerHTML). However, there are no explicit untrusted data flows present in this snippet.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and internal variables into SVG and React element properties, with no evident external data or network activity involved.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses 'dangerouslySetInnerHTML' for rendering text, which could be risky if the data is untrusted. However, the data is derived from 'props' or local variables, and no external sources are apparent. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. The code structure and naming are consistent with standard React components. No obfuscated code or unusual code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical Webpack-bundled React component module defining various chart components with standard React patterns. It imports dependencies such as 'react', 'react-dom', 'moment', and internal modules. The use of 'dangerouslySetInnerHTML' warrants caution, but without external input in this context, it does not pose a clear security risk. No network calls, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. Overall, the code is a normal visualization library with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a React charting library bundle, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It processes data for visualization purposes only, and no suspicious activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}