{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a bundled JavaScript module exporting various React-based chart components for visualization, including area charts, pie charts, bar metrics, and more. Its primary purpose is to provide reusable chart components for a React application.",
  "sources": "Data inputs are expected through component props such as 'data' and other configuration parameters. No explicit external data sources or environment variables are directly read within this code.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data could be rendered into DOM via 'dangerouslySetInnerHTML' in tooltip rendering functions. However, the data is formatted through internal functions like 'renderTipText', which replace placeholders with data variables. No network or file system operations are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props (e.g., data, labels) through rendering functions into SVG elements and DOM text nodes. User input or external data could influence tooltip content, but no external sinks such as network requests or file modifications are present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. The code structure is typical for bundled React components. There is usage of 'dangerouslySetInnerHTML' but only to render sanitized formatted data. No obfuscated code or uncommon language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified bundle of React components designed for rendering various types of charts using SVG and DOM elements. It imports external libraries such as 'react', 'react-dom', and 'moment', which are standard. The only potentially sensitive part is the use of 'dangerouslySetInnerHTML' within tooltip rendering functions, but this is used to insert formatted strings derived from component data, not raw untrusted input. No network requests, data exfiltration, or malicious system modifications are evident. The code structure and patterns are consistent with typical chart libraries, with no signs of obfuscation or malware. Overall, it seems to be a legitimate visualization library.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a React-based chart component library bundled into a single file. It does not contain malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. The only minor concern is the use of 'dangerouslySetInnerHTML', which is used for formatted tooltip content but does not indicate malicious intent. The code is well-structured and typical for such libraries.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}