{
  "purpose": "The code implements a custom React hook, `useClickable`, to enhance accessibility and interaction capabilities for HTML elements, especially those acting as buttons, supporting focus management, keyboard interaction, and event handling.",
  "sources": "Input data is primarily from React props, event objects, and DOM elements via refs.",
  "sinks": "Event handlers that modify DOM or trigger callbacks, including adding/removing event listeners, calling `element.click()`, and setting focus.",
  "flows": "Event objects (from user interactions) are processed by handlers which may invoke `click()`, change `isPressed` state, or call external callbacks; DOM element focus and event listener management are involved.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation detected. Code appears standard for a React hook managing button-like interactions. No hidden network calls, data exfiltration, or malicious system actions are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React hook for managing clickable behavior, supporting both native buttons and custom elements. It manages event listeners and state for pressed and button detection, with careful handling of accessibility (aria attributes, role). The event handling logic aligns with standard accessibility practices. There are no indications of code injection, network requests, or data leaks. The structure is clear, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent. The only potential concern is if external callbacks (`onClick`, `onMouseDown`, etc.) perform malicious actions, but these are passed in from outside and not part of this code. Overall, the code seems benign and intended for user interaction management.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a custom clickable hook in React, designed to emulate button behavior with accessibility support. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks based on the provided code. The code appears safe, with no evidence of malware or security vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}