{
  "purpose": "The code implements a PostCSS plugin that converts pixel units (px) to viewport units (vw) for responsive web design, with options for customization such as excluding certain selectors, media query support, and landscape orientation adjustments.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include CSS rules, declarations, comments, and file paths from rule.source.input.file.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the modifications of declaration values during pixel-to-viewport unit conversion, and creation of cloned rules for landscape orientation.",
  "flows": "Data flows from source CSS declarations through pattern matching and conditions, leading to modifications or cloning of declaration values, and potentially generating landscape media rules.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code contains standard utility functions for pattern matching, regex validation, and CSS rule processing. No suspicious external network connections or system modifications are detected. The use of dynamic string replacements is standard for CSS unit conversions.",
  "analysis": "The code thoroughly checks for include/exclude file patterns, applies blacklists to selectors, and processes CSS rules to replace px units with vw units based on options. It supports special comments to ignore conversions. Landscape rules are cloned and appended if enabled. No evidence of malicious code such as network activity, data exfiltration, or system tampering is observed. The code operates solely on CSS AST and performs predictable modifications. The utility functions and plugin structure align with common practices for PostCSS plugins.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard PostCSS plugin designed for responsive unit conversion without any malicious intent. It does not contain malware or suspicious behavior. It’s safe for use from a security perspective, with no significant security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}