{
  "purpose": "The code implements a PostCSS plugin that converts pixel units to viewport units (vw or other units), primarily for responsive design purposes, with options for customization.",
  "sources": "User-provided options, CSS rules and declarations, source files of the PostCSS root, and comment nodes within CSS declarations.",
  "sinks": "Modification of CSS declarations' values, creation of new CSS rules and media queries, and potential manipulation of source files.",
  "flows": "Source options and CSS rules → Filtering based on include/exclude patterns and selectors → Walking declarations → Replacing pixel values with viewport units → Possibly creating landscape-specific rules → Appending or replacing CSS declarations → Generating landscape media queries if enabled.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code performs typical CSS unit conversions. No evidence of code injection, data leaks, or unauthorized system actions. Comments for ignoring conversions are straightforward. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The script is a PostCSS plugin designed for transforming pixel units to viewport units in CSS rules. It uses well-known libraries ('postcss', 'object-assign') and defines configurable options. It filters files based on include/exclude patterns, ignores specific selectors via blacklist, and processes CSS declarations to replace pixel values. It also supports landscape mode by creating separate rules. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or environment variable usage are present. The code appears structured, clear, and safe. It does not perform any data exfiltration, system modifications, or malicious activities. The only potential concern could be if the plugin is misused to alter critical CSS, but this is within expected use for CSS processing tools.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate PostCSS plugin for unit conversion and contains no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It operates solely on CSS files for styling purposes. The security risk score is low. There are no suspicious anomalies or malicious intents identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}