{
  "purpose": "The code is a PostCSS plugin designed to convert pixel units ('px') to viewport units ('vw') for responsive web design, with options for landscape mode and blacklisting certain selectors or properties.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options, CSS rules, declarations, and source file paths. It accesses rule selectors, declaration values, comments, and rule source input files.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies CSS declaration values by replacing pixel units with viewport units. It also clones rules for landscape orientation. No external network sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Source: Reading CSS rules, source file paths, and configuration options. Processing: Filtering rules based on file, selector blacklist, media query validation, and comments. Transformation: Replacing 'px' values in declaration values with 'vw'. Sink: Updating declaration values and appending landscape rules.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns detected. The plugin operates solely on CSS AST nodes for unit conversion. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The comments for ignoring conversions are standard. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured PostCSS plugin focused on unit conversion for responsiveness. It includes configuration validation, selective processing based on file include/exclude, and comment-based ignore flags. It clones rules for landscape orientation if enabled. All operations are consistent with typical CSS processing and do not perform any network activity, data collection, or malicious actions. The only modification is transforming CSS units, which is standard and safe. No anomalies, malicious behavior, or security risks are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, safe PostCSS plugin for unit conversion without any malicious intent or security risks. It performs CSS transformations as intended for responsiveness enhancement. No suspicious or malicious behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}