{
  "purpose": "This code dynamically manages CSS stylesheets in an AngularJS application using ui-router transitions, normalizing style definitions and handling their injection and removal.",
  "sources": "The code reads style definitions from state data (state.data.css), URL strings, and injected functions/arrays. It also reads from global variables such as window.loadStylesheet.",
  "sinks": "It invokes window.loadStylesheet to insert stylesheets into the DOM and manipulates the DOM directly via element.remove(). It also broadcasts events via $rootScope.",
  "flows": "Style definitions are normalized and then loaded via loadStyleDefinition, which calls window.loadStylesheet (source) to create link elements (sink). These stylesheets are enabled or disabled based on state transitions, with flow from state data to DOM insertion/removal.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes a global DEBUG flag with default true, which could influence error handling. It relies on an external global function window.loadStylesheet without validation. The code is structured for modular style management, with no clear malicious logic. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity detected. The minification is not evident, and no obfuscated code is present. No hidden or malicious behavior is observed.",
  "analysis": "Step-by-step, the code defines functions for normalizing style definitions, generating resource IDs, and loading stylesheets into the DOM, tied to AngularJS UI router state transitions. It sets up event listeners for transitions to load and unload CSS dynamically, broadcasting loading events. The code uses dependency injection for AngularJS services. It includes an optional reset function in debug mode. The code operates solely within DOM manipulation and event broadcasting, with no external data exfiltration or malicious network activity. The reliance on external global function window.loadStylesheet is noted but not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a well-structured, legitimate AngularJS module for dynamic CSS management in a router-based app. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware are detected. It handles CSS resources securely, with no evidence of data leaks or harmful actions. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}