{
  "purpose": "A URL purification library that applies rule-based transformations, including decoding, base64, regex, DOM parsing, fetch redirects, and user-defined lambda functions, to sanitize and modify URLs.",
  "sources": "Input URLs provided to the purify method; rule parameters; fetch responses; lambda function code supplied by user.",
  "sinks": "URL objects being modified; fetch requests for redirects and visits; execution of lambda functions; network headers and URL redirections.",
  "flows": "Input URL -> rule matching -> application of rules (decode, base64, regex, fetch, lambda) -> modified URL -> possible fetch redirects or visits -> output URL.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'async function' constructor for lambda functions allowing dynamic code execution; no obfuscation or embedded malware; no hardcoded secrets; controlled feature with flags.",
  "analysis": "The code performs URL sanitization with rule-based transformations, including potentially executing user-supplied lambda functions via dynamic function constructors. No embedded malicious code, obfuscation, or backdoors are present. Fetch requests are standard and controlled via flags. The primary security concern is the arbitrary execution of lambda code, which could be exploited if malicious scripts are supplied, but this is a feature, not an embedded malicious payload. The code's structure is clear, and no suspicious network activity or hardcoded secrets are detected. The use of dynamic function creation is a known risk but can be mitigated through trusted inputs and sandboxing. Overall, the code is safe for use in controlled environments, with the main caution being the trusted use of lambda functions.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed URL purification code is well-structured and free of embedded malware or obfuscation. Its main security consideration is the execution of user-defined lambda scripts, which could be exploited if inputs are malicious. No supply chain malware or malicious backdoors are present. The malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the overall security risk is moderate (~0.3) due to the potential misuse of lambda features. Proper validation and sandboxing of lambda inputs are recommended for safe deployment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}