{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a React-based library or component set for implementing pan and zoom functionalities, resizable elements, and interaction handling in a graphical interface.",
  "sources": "Inputs include React props, DOM event listeners, and user interactions such as mouse and touch events; external DOM elements via refs and event handlers.",
  "sinks": "DOM style modifications, class and attribute changes, event handler executions, and style updates that influence rendering and user interface behavior.",
  "flows": "Input data from user events or props flow through handlers, effects, and state hooks to modify DOM styles, classes, or trigger callbacks; interactions like resizing, dragging, zooming propagate through interval and event handler logic affecting element styles and positions.",
  "anomalies": "There are no obvious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The code uses common React hooks and DOM manipulation for UI interactions. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated logic, or hidden network connections are detected. No malicious privacy violations or unauthorized data theft mechanisms are present. The code structure and logic appear typical for a React interaction library.",
  "analysis": "The code is extensive and detailed, implementing complex interaction patterns for a graphical interface (pan, zoom, resize, select). All functions operate within standard React paradigms, manipulating DOM elements and styles based on user input, with no signs of malicious behavior. No network requests, data exfiltration, or unauthorized system access are observed. The code manages state, events, and DOM styles to enable interactive features, consistent with typical React UI libraries. No obfuscated code or malicious signals are detected. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate, albeit complex, UI interaction library without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a comprehensive React UI interaction library focused on pan, zoom, resize, and selection functionalities. It contains no signs of malware, malicious backdoors, or sabotage. It appears to serve its intended purpose without security risks. Confidence is high that this is a benign, well-structured UI component code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}