{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a React-based pan-zoom interaction library with various hooks and component helpers, facilitating draggable, resizable, zoomable elements within a container.",
  "sources": "Data inputs from user events (mouse, touch, wheel), DOM attributes and styles, and internal React hooks state and refs.",
  "sinks": "DOM style and attribute modifications, event listeners, and external callbacks; no network or file system actions are directly performed.",
  "flows": "User interactions (e.g., mouse/touch events) are captured and processed to modify element positions, zoom levels, and styles; no external data or untrusted sources are directly involved in these flows.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are detected. The code uses standard React hooks and DOM manipulations. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present. Use of setTimeout and setInterval appears normal within UI context. No data leaks or privacy violations are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily comprises React hooks and components for managing pan-zoom interactions, including event handling, element resizing, boundary enforcement, and style updates. It employs standard practices like refs, callbacks, and DOM measurements. No suspicious network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoor mechanisms are present. The only potentially concerning aspect could be the use of timers for resize and interaction handling, but these are typical for UI responsiveness. All data flows are within the client-side DOM and event context, with no external malicious communication or system modification detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a comprehensive React pan-zoom library implementation with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs expected UI manipulation tasks securely. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}