{
  "purpose": "This code defines a markdown-it plugin for creating custom containers with optional titles, based on provided options and environment variables.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from options (validate, marker, before, after, type, defaultTitle), tokens during markdown rendering, and environment variables (env.relativePath).",
  "sinks": "User-controlled data such as 'info' and 'title' are inserted into HTML output without sanitization, which could lead to potential HTML injection or XSS if inputs are malicious.",
  "flows": "Data flows from options and environment variables into HTML snippets via token processing; user input ('info', 'title') flows directly into HTML output during rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation detected. The code employs dynamic HTML generation with user-controlled data without sanitization, which is a common security concern but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward markdown-it plugin that processes tokens to generate HTML containers with optional titles. It uses a helper 'call' function to invoke callbacks safely. No external network activity, code injection, or malicious payloads are present. The main security concern is the insertion of user-controlled data ('info', 'defaultTitle') into HTML without sanitization, which could lead to XSS if inputs are malicious. The malware score is correctly set to 0, as there is no malicious behavior. The obfuscated score is 0, given the code's clarity. The risk score is moderate (~0.2-0.3), reflecting potential XSS vulnerabilities due to lack of sanitization, but no actual malicious activity is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign markdown-it plugin with no malware or obfuscation. The primary security concern is potential XSS from unsanitized user input embedded into HTML. Scores assigned in the reports are appropriate, with malware and obfuscation scores at 0, and a moderate risk score due to input sanitization issues. Developers should consider sanitizing user input before rendering to prevent XSS vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}