{
  "purpose": "This code provides validation functions for GeoJSON objects according to the specification, including type checking, coordinate validation, and custom validation definitions.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from parameters such as 'geoJSONObject', 'position', 'coordinates', and other object parameters passed to validation functions.",
  "sinks": "Error messages and validation results are returned via callbacks; no external data sinks or network communication are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function parameters into validation logic; errors are accumulated in arrays and passed to callbacks, with no external or malicious data flow detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains some minor inconsistencies such as variable 'result' used without definition, and possibly redundant or misnamed functions (e.g., 'exports.isBbox' called but 'exports.isBox' defined). No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are evident. No dynamic code execution, eval, or obfuscated code is present. No network or system modification actions are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard validation of GeoJSON objects, checking types, coordinate structures, and conformity to GeoJSON specification. Functions are well-structured with input validation and error handling. There is no evidence of code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior. Minor issues like inconsistent naming ('exports.isBox' vs 'exports.isBbox') do not suggest malicious intent but could cause functional errors. No external communication or harmful system manipulation is present. The code appears to be a legitimate validation utility without malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a comprehensive GeoJSON validation module with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It contains standard validation logic, minor code inconsistencies, but no malicious actions or malware. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}