{
  "purpose": "The code provides a validation library for GeoJSON objects, supporting custom validation definitions and multiple GeoJSON types. Its primary purpose is to ensure GeoJSON data conforms to the specification.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily through exported functions such as isPosition, isGeoJSONObject, isPoint, etc., which accept data parameters like positions, geometries, features, etc. It also reads definitions from external callers via define().",
  "sinks": "The code calls user-provided callback functions (cb) for validation results but does not execute or evaluate the input data directly beyond validation. It does not process or store data insecurely or execute external code.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into validation functions; these functions validate structure and types, possibly invoke custom definitions; results are passed via callbacks. No dangerous flow paths are present; data is only validated, not executed or transmitted.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The code is structured as a validation library with standard validation logic. No obfuscated code, external network calls, or unusual behavior are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive validation library for GeoJSON objects with functions to validate various GeoJSON types and coordinate structures. It allows custom validation definitions via define(). The validation relies on type checks, array length checks, and custom functions, all with proper structure. The code uses callbacks to report validation results but does not perform any network communication, system modifications, or data leaks. No suspicious or malicious code is evident, and the logic aligns with standard validation practices. The only potential concern is that custom validation functions may introduce risk if misused, but this is controlled through the define() API, which is transparent and user-controlled. Overall, the code appears to be a benign, standard validation library.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard GeoJSON validation module with customizable validation functions. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. Its structure and logic are consistent with a safe validation library, with no evidence of sabotage or malicious code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}