{
  "purpose": "The code imports a module and calls several mathematical functions with various arguments, likely for demonstration or testing purposes.",
  "sources": "The data sources are the arguments passed to functions such as m.suma, m.resta, m.multiplicacion, and m.division.",
  "sinks": "The sinks are the function calls where untrusted or manipulated data could potentially lead to vulnerabilities or unintended behavior, mainly within the mathematical functions invoked.",
  "flows": "Inputs (arguments) from the console are passed into functions from the module, which then process these inputs. The outputs are logged to the console. No direct data leaks or external communication are evident from the code.",
  "anomalies": "The code passes inconsistent data types (numbers, strings, booleans) to functions, which might indicate testing of type handling. The require statement uses a single dot '.', which is unusual unless the module is a local file, but no further context is provided. There are no evident malicious code patterns, such as data exfiltration or code injection. The use of require('.') could be suspicious if it attempts to include the current directory as a module, potentially leading to unintended code execution if malicious files are present.",
  "analysis": "The script imports a module from the current directory and executes several functions with various argument types, including numbers, strings, and booleans. The inconsistent argument types suggest testing or robustness checks rather than malicious intent. The require('.') statement is unusual; it attempts to load an index or main file from the current directory, which could be exploited if malicious files are present. However, the code itself does not perform any external network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications. No suspicious patterns such as dynamic code execution, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code are present. The primary concern is the potential for malicious content in the current directory being executed unknowingly via require('.').",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a simple test or demonstration script invoking functions from a local module. There are no clear signs of malicious behavior or malware, but the use of require('.') warrants caution, especially if the directory contains malicious files. Overall, the risk is low but should be verified in the context of the module's contents.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 3
}