{
  "purpose": "The code imports a module and calls its functions with various arguments, primarily for arithmetic operations.",
  "sources": "Require statement for the module; function calls with different argument types.",
  "sinks": "Function calls that may process or return data; console.log outputs.",
  "flows": "Module functions receive arguments from the require statement; console.log outputs the results.",
  "anomalies": "The require statement uses a single dot '.', which is unusual and suggests the module is either a local module or an incomplete/incorrect reference. The arguments passed to functions are inconsistent (numbers, strings, booleans), but this alone does not indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious network calls, or unusual code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code requires a module using '.', which typically refers to the current directory. This is a common pattern for local modules, but if misused, it could potentially hide malicious modules. The function calls suggest arithmetic operations (suma, resta, multiplicacion, division). The arguments passed are intentionally varied to test different input types, including invalid ones like strings and booleans. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or code injection. The code appears to be a straightforward test or usage of the module's functions.\n\nOverall, the code itself is simple, with no suspicious patterns. The only potential concern is the module import path '.', which should be verified to ensure it does not import malicious or unintended code, but this is outside the scope of the provided fragment.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs basic function calls on a locally required module with varied inputs, primarily for arithmetic operations. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The main point of attention is the module import path '.', which should be verified but is not inherently malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}