{
  "purpose": "The code appears to load a module and invoke mathematical functions (suma, resta, multiplicacion, division) with various inputs, likely to perform calculations.",
  "sources": "Require statement for module \".\"; console.log statements reading function calls with different arguments.",
  "sinks": "Console.log outputs the results of function calls; potential data leaks if functions behave maliciously, but in this context, primarily outputting results.",
  "flows": "Require module \".\" -> Calls to functions suma, resta, multiplicacion, division with various arguments -> console.log outputs.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual argument types passed to functions (strings, booleans, etc.). No validation or sanitization evident. Require(\".\") is ambiguous; typically, module names are explicit. The file's structure is minimal but not inherently suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code loads a module with a relative path, possibly the current directory, which could be intentional or suspicious. Multiple function calls with different data types suggest testing or misuse. The functions' behaviors are unknown; if they contain malicious code, they could execute unwanted operations. However, based solely on this snippet, no explicit malicious actions like network requests, file manipulations, or backdoors are visible. The code's focus is on performing and logging mathematical operations, which is benign. The variation in arguments might indicate testing for input validation issues, but no malicious pattern such as data exfiltration or system compromise is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily performs mathematical operations with diverse inputs and logs the results. There is no clear evidence of malicious intent or suspicious behavior. The require statement's ambiguous path is noted but not inherently malicious. Overall, the code appears benign, but the lack of context about the module's implementation prevents absolute certainty.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}