{
  "purpose": "The code is a Grunt configuration file for automating tasks related to generating web fonts from SVG sources, with various options for templates, stylesheets, and output destinations.",
  "sources": "Requires 'path' module, 'load-grunt-tasks', and multiple Grunt plugin configurations. Reads SVG files from specified directories, as well as configuration options for task execution.",
  "sinks": "Uses configuration options for file paths, templates, and style options. No direct execution of untrusted data or network activity is present.",
  "flows": "Loads SVG source files based on configuration, processes options, and outputs generated fonts and stylesheets to designated directories. No external data flows or untrusted input handling are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs detected. The configuration appears standard for a build process. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present. The paths and options are typical for Grunt tasks.",
  "analysis": "The script configures Grunt tasks for font generation from SVG files, including various template and stylesheet options. It loads necessary modules and plugins, sets up multiple tasks with different parameters, and includes standard watch, lint, and test configurations. No evidence of malicious code, external network activity, or data exfiltration mechanisms is present. The code does not process untrusted input at runtime nor executes any dynamically constructed code. All paths and options are within expected parameters for a build script.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical Grunt configuration file for webfont generation, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It functions as a build automation script without external data flows or sensitive data handling that could be exploited. Therefore, it is safe based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}