{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Grunt configuration for automating tasks related to generating web fonts from SVG files, including various customization options and test setups.",
  "sources": "Reads SVG files from specified directories ('test/src/*.svg', 'test/src_one/*.svg', etc.), configuration options, and external modules such as 'load-grunt-tasks'.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'require' to load modules; potential data output is to specified directories and files during task execution, but no untrusted data is written or sent over network.",
  "flows": "Loads dependencies -> Configures Grunt tasks with file sources and options -> Executes tasks which process SVGs into fonts and generate files -> Results stored in designated output directories.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malicious code patterns observed. The code primarily manages file paths, task configurations, and task execution. No dynamic code execution or network activity detected. No suspicious or unusual code constructs. The only notable aspect is the use of external tasks and file path manipulations, which are standard.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a series of Grunt tasks for processing SVG files into web fonts with various options. It dynamically loads tasks, configures multiple task targets with different options, and registers test and default tasks. No code injection, network activity, or data leaks are evident. External modules like 'load-grunt-tasks' and 'path' are used for standard purposes. The code does not contain any suspicious logic, backdoors, or malicious behavior. It is a typical build configuration script intended for automating font generation workflows.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Gruntfile configuration for font generation, with no signs of malicious activity or sabotage. It does not perform any network operations, secret leaks, or unauthorized system modifications. The code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}