{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript class for resizable DOM elements with control handles, allowing configuration, event handling, and style adjustments for resizing behavior.",
  "sources": "Data read from DOM element attributes (e.g., 'data-control'), getStyle function calls, and user-provided options for control styles and behaviors.",
  "sinks": "Manipulation of DOM styles (transform, width, height) and event listeners that respond to mouse events for resizing actions.",
  "flows": "User interactions via mousedown, mousemove, and mouseup events trigger resize calculations; control handle attributes guide which resize operation occurs; style updates are applied based on computed sizes and transforms.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. No code injection, obfuscated code, or data leakage appears evident. The code primarily manages DOM styles and events without external data exfiltration or malicious network requests. The only notable concern is the suppression of text selection during resizing, which is typical for such functionality, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is well-structured for a DOM resize utility, managing controls, events, styles, and proportional resizing. It uses standard practices for event binding and DOM manipulation. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, network requests, or hidden backdoors are present. The only potential concern could be that the code disables text selection during resize, but this is a common UX pattern for drag operations and not malicious. There is no evidence of obfuscation or malicious intent. The code operates solely within the DOM context, with no external data handling beyond style adjustments.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign DOM resize utility without malicious behavior. It is designed for user interaction, with no signs of malware or security risks. It is safe to use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}