{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component for rendering a stylized map of Japan with interactive tooltips and dynamic fill colors based on data input.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from component props (data array), mouse events (e.currentTarget, e.clientX, e.clientY), and requires modules ('react'). It also accesses 'document.head' for style injection.",
  "sinks": "The code updates visual state via React's useState; it does not include any sinks that send data over network, execute system commands, or access sensitive environment variables. No external system calls or network communications are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'data' prop into fill color and description functions. User mouse events update tooltip position and hovered state, which then influence the UI rendering. There are no dangerous flows like code injection or data leaks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors detected. The styling function dynamically inserts CSS into the document head, which is standard. No suspicious network calls, reverse shells, or data exfiltration present. All code appears to be standard React component logic with map rendering.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component that renders a map with interactive features. It uses standard React hooks for state management, event handlers for mouse interactions, and conditional rendering for tooltips. It references static geographic data and allows customization through props. No obfuscation or suspicious code patterns are present. The only dynamic code is DOM manipulation for style injection, which is typical in CSS-in-JS solutions. No signs of malicious behavior such as system or network access, data exfiltration, or sabotage are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign React component intended for rendering an interactive map of Japan. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}