{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for converting angles to radians and performing 2D and 3D matrix transformations, including translation, scaling, rotation, skewing, and matrix combination. It appears to support graphical transformations commonly used in SVG, CSS, or canvas rendering.",
  "sources": "All functions and variables within the code, especially input parameters for transformation functions (e.g., angles, matrix values, coordinates).",
  "sinks": "Transformation functions such as combine, combine3d, and coordinate transform functions that apply matrices to coordinates.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (angles, coordinates, matrix components) flow into transformation functions, which generate transformed matrices or coordinates; these outputs could potentially be used downstream in rendering or further processing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The functions rely on mathematical transformations and do not perform network requests, file operations, or environment variable access. The use of toRad and matrix operations is standard for graphical transformations. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple mathematical utility functions for angle conversions and matrix transformations in 2D and 3D space. It utilizes standard math operations and matrix algebra typical in graphics programming. All functions accept parameters and produce outputs consistent with expected transformation behaviors. No external data sources, network calls, or suspicious data handling are evident. The code does not include any dynamic code evaluation, hidden logic, or data exfiltration mechanisms. It appears to be a straightforward library for coordinate and matrix transformations with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate utility library for graphical matrix transformations. It contains no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is safe to use in a security context.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}