{
  "purpose": "This code provides mathematical functions and matrix transformations for geometric calculations, such as converting angles, combining transformation matrices, and generating translation, skew, scale, and rotation matrices for 2D and 3D transforms. It is likely intended for use in graphics or animation contexts.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external input or data; all functions operate on parameters passed directly to them. No environment variables or external data sources are accessed.",
  "sinks": "The functions do not write to external systems, networks, or files. They produce transformation matrices or coordinate outputs based on input parameters.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows involving untrusted data. The functions process input parameters to output matrices or coordinate transformations internally without external influence.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious constructs are present. The code is straightforward mathematical computation with clear purpose.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple functions for converting angles to radians in various units, combining matrices (both 2D and 3D), and generating transformation matrices for translation, scaling, skewing, and rotation. The functions rely solely on numerical parameters and internal constants. There are no external data reads, no network operations, and no code that dynamically executes strings or obscure logic. The matrices and transformations follow standard mathematical formulas and do not include any hidden or malicious instructions. No obfuscation or suspicious features are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a clean, mathematical utility library for geometric transformations in graphics programming. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data leaks, or sabotage. The code performs standard calculations without external dependencies or unsafe practices.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}