{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of utility functions for mathematical transformations and coordinate matrix operations, primarily for use in graphics or SVG transformations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as angles, coordinates, and transformation matrices. No external or untrusted input sources are evident within this code fragment.",
  "sinks": "Transformation functions output matrices and coordinate transformations. There are no sinks that perform network requests, file operations, or system commands.",
  "flows": "The data flow involves input parameters (angles, coordinates) being processed through mathematical functions to produce transformed matrices or coordinate outputs. No external data flows to sinks that could cause harm.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are present. The code employs standard mathematical transformations and matrix operations with no signs of obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or suspicious patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple transformation functions for 2D and 3D coordinate systems, including translation, scaling, skewing, and rotation. It uses well-known mathematical formulas and straightforward matrix manipulations. No external dependencies or network interactions are included. The functions accept parameters such as angles and coordinates, process them mathematically, and return matrices or coordinate objects. The code does not perform any file I/O, network requests, or system commands. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or sabotage within the functions. The code appears to be a standard implementation of transformation matrices for graphics or SVG transformations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of mathematical transformation utilities for coordinate and matrix operations with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is well-structured and uses standard formulas, with no suspicious data flows or anomalous code sections.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}