{
  "purpose": "Polyfill and extend the native HTMLElement for compatibility with custom elements in browsers that support Reflect and customElements.",
  "sources": "Checks for 'window', 'Reflect', and 'customElements' to determine environment; uses the native HTMLElement constructor as a source for reflection.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data; code modifies global 'HTMLElement' constructor and prototype, potentially affecting environment behavior.",
  "flows": "Detection of environment features → overwriting 'HTMLElement' with a reflected constructor → prototype reassignment.",
  "anomalies": "Reassignment of 'HTMLElement' in the global window scope is unusual and potentially risky, as it modifies core DOM API behavior; however, it is a known pattern for polyfills or compatibility layers.",
  "analysis": "The code begins by checking if it is running in a browser environment with support for 'Reflect' and 'customElements'. It then redefines the global 'HTMLElement' constructor using 'Reflect.construct' to ensure proper construction semantics, likely for custom element support or polyfill compatibility. It preserves the prototype chain by setting 'HTMLElement.prototype' to the original 'HTMLElement' prototype. Finally, it sets the prototype of the new 'HTMLElement' to the original constructor. This pattern is common in polyfill or compatibility code to ensure custom elements behave correctly across different browsers. The export statements simply re-export polyfill and loader modules, which are typical in modular codebases. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or system compromise. The modification of 'HTMLElement' is potentially risky but within the context of polyfill code; it does not appear malicious per se.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs environment detection and modifies the global 'HTMLElement' constructor to improve compatibility with custom elements. It exports polyfill modules. No malicious intent or malicious behavior is evident; the code is consistent with known polyfill patterns, though the reassignment of core constructors is somewhat unusual and should be reviewed in context. Overall, low risk and no malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}