{
  "purpose": "This code is a Grunt task module that automates HTML build process, replacing references to non-minified scripts and stylesheets with optimized versions, and preparing configuration for asset concatenation and minification.",
  "sources": "Configuration options (`this.options()`, `grunt.config()`, and pattern inputs), file paths from `this.files`, and input HTML files from `fileObj.src`.",
  "sinks": "File reading and writing (`grunt.file.readJSON`, `grunt.file.expand`, `grunt.file.write`), dynamic configuration extension (`grunt.config()`), and debug logs.",
  "flows": "Input patterns and configuration options are used to process HTML files and replace asset references, with flow of data from file inputs through pattern matching and file processing functions to output file rewriting and configuration updates.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network connections. The code dynamically loads modules, processes files, and updates configurations but does not perform any suspicious or unusual actions beyond typical build automation. No obfuscated code or malicious patterns identified.",
  "analysis": "The code loads several modules related to build tasks, such as 'fileprocessor', 'revvedfinder', and 'configwriter', then defines tasks for 'usemin' and 'useminPrepare'. It uses configuration options and file patterns to locate and process HTML files, replacing asset references with revved versions. It reads JSON revmap files or utilizes file expansion for locating revved assets. The logic involves reading input files, updating content based on build blocks, and rewriting files, as well as extending Grunt configuration with new build settings. All actions align with standard build automation practices, and there are no indications of malicious data handling, external communication, or backdoors. The code is structurally sound, with no signs of obfuscated or malicious code. The only potential concern is dynamic code execution based on configuration but remains within normal operational bounds for a build system.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard Grunt build task module for asset optimization and configuration management. It performs typical build automation without any malicious intent or malicious patterns detected. The code is well-structured and safe, with no evidence of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}