{
  "purpose": "This code provides Grunt tasks for processing, optimizing, and replacing references to JavaScript and CSS assets in HTML files, primarily for build automation and deployment.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options, pattern definitions, JSON files (via grunt.file.readJSON), and HTML files (via grunt.file.expand). It also loads external modules such as '../lib/flow', '../lib/fileprocessor', '../lib/revvedfinder', and '../lib/configwriter'.",
  "sinks": "The code writes processed content back into files via grunt.file.write. It also modifies Grunt configuration objects dynamically with _.extend and grunt.config. There are no evident direct data leaks or insecure operations, but modifications to files and configs could be misused if inputs are malicious.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input files (HTML, JSON revmap) into processing functions (FileProcessor, RevvedFinder). Content is then written back to files or used to update Grunt config. No external network or system commands are invoked, so no external data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code loads external modules without validation, but this is standard for Grunt tasks. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are observed. The use of 'debug' and 'grunt.log' indicates logging for build processes. No obfuscation or suspicious dynamic code execution detected. The code appears standard for build automation.",
  "analysis": "The script defines Grunt tasks 'usemin' and 'useminPrepare' for asset management during build. It reads configuration data and files, processes them via external modules, and updates files and Grunt configs accordingly. No dangerous functions, system calls, or data leaks are evident. The code does not perform network operations, file system manipulation beyond standard read/write, or execute untrusted code. It appears to be a typical build script with no malicious intent or malicious behavior detected. External modules could be scrutinized separately, but within this code, no malware signals are present.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard build automation script for managing asset references in web projects. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks based on the analysis. No malware, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities are identified. It appears safe and typical for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}