{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom paint worklet for rendering bullet-like shapes (circles, stars, or hearts) with customizable properties such as color, size, and shape. It is intended for use in CSS Paint API to generate graphical patterns.",
  "sources": "The code reads input properties from CSS variables: --bullet-bg, --bullet-border, --bullet-items, --bullet-type, --bullet-curve, --bullet-size.",
  "sinks": "The code uses the CanvasRenderingContext2D API to draw shapes, create gradients, and manipulate the canvas. It also creates and fills paths for custom shapes.",
  "flows": "Input properties are fetched at the start, influencing color, size, shape, and number of items. The code then generates random positions for items, checking for overlaps and borders, and renders shapes accordingly. No untrusted external data sources are involved; all data comes from CSS properties or internal computations.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain obvious malicious behavior. It performs graphical rendering based on properties and uses random number generation for positioning and sizing, which is standard in such visual code. There are no hardcoded credentials, network requests, file operations, or code injection. It uses randomness but in a benign way to generate visual patterns. No obfuscation or suspicious constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a CSS paint worklet that dynamically generates visual bullet shapes with customizable properties. It reads CSS variables for customization, uses standard canvas drawing methods, and applies gradients if specified. The use of random functions is for aesthetic placement and sizing, common in visual rendering. There are no signs of data leakage, network activity, or code that could be used maliciously. The code is clean, straightforward, and purpose-specific, with no hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be purely visual and stylistic, with no evidence of malicious intent or harmful behavior. It safely uses Canvas API for rendering based on CSS properties. Therefore, it can be considered safe with a low malware probability.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}