{
  "purpose": "React component for a customizable loading animation with style and character selection based on props.",
  "sources": "Props for loading animation variant, container visibility, colors, sizes, and styles; internal state for selected character and styles.",
  "sinks": "Render output with styles applied; console logs for debugging purposes.",
  "flows": "Props influence state updates; state determines styles and character class; styles and class names are applied during rendering.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of console.log statements for debugging; no external data fetching or dynamic code execution; code is straightforward React with no obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React functional component managing styles and character selection for a loading animation. It uses React hooks for state and effects, with style objects and class name mappings. No network calls, data leaks, or malicious patterns are present. Console logs are benign debugging artifacts. The code is readable, with no obfuscation or suspicious patterns. The risk mainly stems from debug logs, which are common during development but should be removed in production. The malware score is zero, as there is no malicious behavior. The obfuscated score is zero, given the clarity of the code. The security risk score is low (~0.1-0.2), primarily due to console logs. Overall, the code is safe and suitable for deployment with minor cleanup.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign React component implementing a loading animation. No malicious activity, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities are detected. The existing assessment scores are appropriate; the malware and obfuscated scores should remain at 0. The security risk score can be conservatively set at 0.1, considering the debug logs. Overall, the supply chain security posture of this dependency is very good, with no concerns beyond standard development practices.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}