{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionality to track packages and retrieve shipping prices from Correios (Brazilian postal service) via HTTP requests, parsing responses for relevant shipping information.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as tracking codes, package details (dimensions, weight), and options like service type and CEPs (postal codes). It also reads request data for the getPrice method and HTML/XML responses from external services.",
  "sinks": "The code sends HTTP requests to external Correios URLs, potentially exposing sensitive data like CEPs, package details, and user-provided contract credentials. It processes responses from these services, parsing HTML and XML content.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user input parameters into request query strings or URLs (sources to sinks), then responses are parsed and processed for information extraction. There are no evident flows of untrusted data into system-level commands or external processes.",
  "anomalies": "The code appends functions to String.prototype, which is generally discouraged as it can cause conflicts. The code uses hardcoded URLs and error mappings, but no hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscated code or dynamic code evaluation is detected. The code handles input validation for CEPs. No suspicious network activity or credential theft observed.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily performs data fetching and parsing from external web services, with no evident malicious intent. It does not include code injection, reverse shells, or unauthorized data exfiltration. It processes inputs to generate request parameters and parses responses for shipping info. No hardcoded credentials are present; only URLs and mappings are hardcoded. The only concern might be the inclusion of functions to parse HTML/XML responses, which could potentially be manipulated if responses are maliciously crafted, but this is standard practice and not inherently malicious. The code does not execute external scripts, run system commands, or access environment variables that could leak data. The modification of String.prototype might cause conflicts but is not malicious per se.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a client for the Correios API, performing data requests and parsing responses with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. No malware or security risks are evident, and the implementation is focused on package tracking and pricing functions. The main concern is the extension of String.prototype, which could cause conflicts but does not introduce malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}