{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionality to track packages and calculate shipping prices using Correios, the Brazilian postal service, by making HTTP requests to their web services and parsing responses.",
  "sources": "Input data from function parameters such as tracking codes, service types, ZIP codes, package dimensions, and contract credentials.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to external Correios URLs, XML and HTML responses parsed for data, potential data leakage through request parameters.",
  "flows": "User inputs (tracking code, ZIP codes, package details, credentials) are used to construct requests; responses are parsed for tracking status and pricing; no data flows to untrusted endpoints outside specified URLs.",
  "anomalies": "The code modifies String.prototype globally with a 'clean' method, which is generally discouraged as it can cause conflicts or unexpected behaviors. Credentials such as 'companyCode' and 'companyPwd' are included in request parameters but are optional and not hard-coded. No evidence of hardcoded secrets or backdoors. No suspicious network activity beyond legitimate API requests. No obfuscation or malicious code observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a straightforward implementation to interact with external APIs, involving request construction, response parsing, and error handling. The use of request libraries, cheerio for HTML parsing, and xml2js for XML processing are standard. The global String.prototype modification is unnecessary and could be considered a poor practice but not malicious. No dynamic code execution, no suspicious network connections, and no hardcoded secrets were identified. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate API wrapper without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of package tracking and pricing functions for Correios. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behaviors. The only notable concern is the modification of String.prototype, which is a bad practice but not malicious. The package is safe to use based on this analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}