{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to track shipments and get shipping price estimates from Correios, a Brazilian postal service, using HTTP requests, HTML/XML parsing, and data processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters (e.g., tracking code, options object) and external request URLs; it also reads from environment variables for request configuration.",
  "sinks": "Places where untrusted data could cause effects include URL request construction, use of request module, and parsing responses. The code processes and outputs shipment status or pricing data.",
  "flows": "Input data (tracking code, options) flows into request URL construction; responses from HTTP requests (HTML/XML) are parsed and processed into callback outputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code modifies String.prototype globally, which can cause unexpected behavior elsewhere. There is no evidence of hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code. The request URLs and parameters are standard for the intended API. No suspicious network connections or code injections are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs data retrieval from known endpoints and parses HTML/XML responses. It uses standard libraries (request, cheerio, xml2js) for web requests and parsing. The URL construction and response handling are straightforward and based on the provided input parameters. The modification of String.prototype is a questionable practice but not malicious. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code is present. No hidden network connections or data exfiltration activities are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of shipment tracking and pricing via Correios API endpoints. There is no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or sabotage. The practices are standard, with some questionable use of String.prototype modification, but it does not pose security risks. Overall, the package is safe based on this analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}