{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionalities to track shipments and calculate shipping prices via Correios, the Brazilian postal service, using HTTP requests and parsing responses.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters (tracking code, options), environment variables are not used, and network requests are initiated through the 'request' library to specific URLs.",
  "sinks": "Data flows into network requests (request to URLs), and responses are parsed from XML or HTML data. No untrusted data directly leads to dangerous system actions, but network communication occurs with external servers.",
  "flows": "User inputs (tracking code, options) flow into request URLs; responses from these URLs are parsed and returned. No dangerous data flow identified, but network data is fetched and parsed.",
  "anomalies": "The code modifies String.prototype globally, which can be risky as it affects all string operations. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code has straightforward request-response logic, with no obfuscation or suspicious dynamic execution. No hidden malicious code or unusual behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs web requests to known Correios URLs for tracking and pricing, parsing HTML and XML responses. It does not handle untrusted code or execute any dynamic code injection. The global String.prototype modification could be considered a bad practice but is not malicious. No external or hidden data exfiltration, reverse shells, or covert communications are evident. The network interactions are with official Correios URLs. No suspicious or malicious logic found, and the functions perform expected operations related to shipment tracking and price calculation.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation for interacting with Correios services, with no signs of malware or malicious intent. Its security risk score is low, primarily due to the modification of String.prototype, which is not advisable but not malicious. No malicious behavior or sabotage detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}