{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript library named Djembe with associated functions epicles and other utility functions. It appears to generate and manage a sequence of ticks and states for some form of cyclical or rhythmic processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'opts' parameter in the Djembe function, as well as 'ticks' and 'initialState' properties. It also reads input through subscribe callback functions and the internal 'setTicks' method.",
  "sinks": "The code emits events to subscribers via callback functions; no external network or data leakage functions are present. No direct data leaks or malicious data processing are evident.",
  "flows": "Input data in options or setTicks flows through internal state management, triggering 'tick' events, which are propagated via subscriber callbacks. No external or untrusted data flows to unsafe sinks outside callback invocation.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or unusual language features. The logic appears standard for a state machine or cyclical tick generator. No suspicious network connections, file manipulations, or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes configuration options with defaults and merges user-provided options. It manages internal state for cyclical steps and steppers, providing tick event generation and subscription mechanisms. The internal functions handle state incrementation with modular arithmetic, event emission, and callback subscription/unsubscription. There are no network calls, system modifications, or data exfiltration routines. The code's structure and logic are consistent with a rhythm or timing utility, not malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate rhythm/timing utility with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not contain malware, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious network activity. The security risk is minimal, and the malware score is low. The code’s structure is standard and intended for internal state management and event handling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}