{
  "purpose": "This source code implements a web-based 3D viewer for IFC models, enabling loading, rendering, interaction, styling, and clipping of models using WebGL and SVG overlays.",
  "sources": "User input via mouse events, model data loaded from URLs or binary blobs/files, and configuration parameters such as camera settings, styles, and clip planes.",
  "sinks": "GPU buffers and textures, shader programs, and event handlers that could process untrusted input data. No direct data leak or external communication is observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from loaded model sources into binary readers, then into GPU buffers/textures via feedGPU; user interactions modify view matrices or clipping planes; shader uniforms are updated for rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behavior, hard-coded secrets, or backdoors detected. Usage of WebGL for rendering, shader code for color ID rendering, and interaction overlays are standard. No suspicious network activity or external connections are present.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a WebGL-based IFC viewer, loads models from URL or binary input, processes binary model data into GPU buffers, and manages user interactions for camera control and clipping using SVG overlays. Shader code includes color coding for object identification but does not perform malicious operations. No hardcoded credentials or network communication with external servers are found. The shaders and functions for model rendering, selection, and interaction are typical for such viewers. The code is extensive but appears to be legitimate, focused on rendering, interaction, and visualization. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware-like signals are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex but standard implementation of a web-based IFC model viewer using WebGL and SVG overlays. It does not contain any malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. All functionalities are related to model rendering and interaction, with no signs of privacy violations or external data theft. Confidence score is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}