{
  "purpose": "The code fetches configuration data from a remote server, manages media file downloads, updates the user interface, and handles local configuration files. It disables SSL certificate validation, manipulates DOM elements, and performs file operations.",
  "sources": "Local configuration file, environment variable NODE_TLS_REJECT_UNAUTHORIZED, network requests to remote API, filesystem reads and writes, DOM element creation and manipulation.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request responses, file system (read/write/delete), DOM updates (adding/removing elements), console logs.",
  "flows": "Reads local config -> fetches remote config via HTTP with disabled SSL validation -> compares timestamps -> updates configuration -> loads media files -> updates DOM elements for download progress -> writes config to disk -> cleans up temporary files.",
  "anomalies": "Disabling SSL validation globally via 'rejectUnauthorized: false' and setting NODE_TLS_REJECT_UNAUTHORIZED='0' environment variable, DOM manipulation within a Node.js context, lack of data validation for fetched configuration.",
  "analysis": "The code disables SSL certificate validation, which exposes the system to man-in-the-middle attacks. It performs standard configuration fetching, media download management, and UI updates. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or data exfiltration behaviors are evident. The insecure TLS practices are a significant security concern but do not constitute malicious activity. The code is clear and structured, with no obfuscation detected. The main security risk stems from the TLS bypass, which could be exploited if an attacker intercepts network traffic. The code does not show signs of malware, such as data theft, remote access, or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a configuration and media management module with insecure TLS handling practices. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The main security concern is the disabling of SSL validation, which should be addressed to prevent potential MITM attacks. Malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and security risk score is 0.7 to reflect the significant security vulnerability due to TLS bypass.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.7,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}