{
  "purpose": "This code implements a configurable logging utility with methods for setting a logger, toggling logging, resetting state, and logging debug/error messages, including deprecation warnings.",
  "sources": "User-supplied logger object via use(), toggle() inputs, debug() messages, error() errors or error functions, deprecate() calls with code and message.",
  "sinks": "Error outputs and deprecation logs via console or custom logger; potential for logs to reveal sensitive information if messages contain secrets (not evident here).",
  "flows": "use() sets custom logger -> toggle() enables/disables logging -> debug() and error() output messages to logger if enabled -> deprecate() logs deprecation warnings via memoized function.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. Usage of memoize for deprecate warnings is standard. No dynamic code execution or suspicious patterns. The code structure is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a logging module with customizable logger, toggle functionality, and a reset mechanism. The reset() function reinitializes defaults, including a memoized deprecation function. The use() method allows plugging in a custom logger object with debug/error methods. The toggle() controls whether logs are emitted. The debug() and error() methods output messages if enabled, supporting functions as messages for dynamic logging. The deprecate() method invokes the memoized deprecation function, which logs error messages for deprecated features. All functionalities are typical for a logging utility and do not include any suspicious or malicious code behavior. No obfuscation or obfuscated code is present. The code does not perform any network requests, system modifications, or data exfiltration. It relies on standard patterns and external logging mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward logging utility with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It provides configurable logging, deprecation warnings, and safe practices. No security risks are evident from this code alone.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}