{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of utility functions and classes for precise floating-point arithmetic operations, including creation of operation functions, accumulation functions, and a calculator class for chaining calculations with optional decimal precision.",
  "sources": "Input data can originate from function parameters such as the numbers passed to arithmetic operations and accumulated functions.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can potentially be introduced via the operation arguments or the constructor parameter for decimalPlaces; however, these are handled as numbers and not directly linked to external sources like network input.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (numbers) through arithmetic functions and accumulators to the internal _value property of the HiCalcPro class, which is exposed via a getter.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of unusual code, such as obfuscation, hidden code, or use of dynamic code execution. The code is straightforward, with consistent function definitions and no hardcoded secrets or credentials. Division by zero is correctly handled with an exception. Usage of BigInt for division calculations is correct, but it does not appear malicious. No backdoors, network activity, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "analysis": "The code focuses on safe mathematical operations, avoiding floating-point errors through scaling and integer arithmetic. It provides utility functions for splitting numbers and calculating digit counts, along with a calculator class for cumulative calculations. No code patterns suggest malicious intent; all logic is standard arithmetic handling, with proper checks such as division by zero. No dynamic code execution, external communications, or data leaks are evident. The use of BigInt is appropriate and does not indicate malicious behavior. Overall, the code seems to serve a legitimate purpose of precise calculations, with no suspicious patterns detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a well-structured utility for precise floating-point arithmetic and cumulative calculations. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It does not perform any network activity, data exfiltration, or contain hidden backdoors. The code appears safe and intended for mathematical computation purposes only.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}