{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of utilities for precise decimal arithmetic operations, including basic arithmetic functions, accumulation functions, and a calculator class with chaining capabilities.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from function parameters and method arguments (e.g., numbers for calculations, operator types). No external data sources or environment variables are accessed.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include returning calculated results via getters, methods, and class instances; performing floating-point calculations; and converting data to strings or numbers for display or further processing.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (numbers, operators) through calculation functions and methods, and ultimately returns numeric results. The flow appears straightforward with no external data leaks or command executions.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex floating-point handling and uses BigInt for division, which may be unnecessary for simple calculations but does not introduce malicious behavior. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. No unusual or suspicious code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines arithmetic operations with attention to floating-point precision, avoiding typical JavaScript float inaccuracies. It includes utility functions to parse and analyze number digits, which are standard. The HiCalcPro class allows chaining operations and maintains an internal value with optional decimal precision. The use of BigInt in division is unnecessary but safe, and does not perform network operations, file access, or external data leaks. No signs of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, system command execution, or backdoors. The code appears to be a legitimate utility library for precise decimal calculations.",
  "conclusion": "This source code implements a straightforward, well-structured decimal arithmetic utility with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain malicious payloads, backdoors, or suspicious external calls. It is a benign library aimed at precise calculations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}