{
  "purpose": "The code provides a function to resolve a SoundCloud URL into stream and attachment URLs using the SoundCloud API, facilitating playback or data retrieval.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters: 'url' and 'key', and from the 'request' function (though its internal data is constructed from parameters).",
  "sinks": "Constructed URLs for 'stream_url' and 'attachments_uri' that include the 'client_id' parameter; these are used for media streaming.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('url', 'key') are incorporated into API request data; response data ('stream_url', 'attachments_uri') are modified by appending 'client_id' and then returned via callback.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no obfuscated code; the URL construction for streaming involves appending client IDs but does not seem malicious. The use of 'http' instead of 'https' could be considered insecure, but not malicious per se.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a request module and defines a function to resolve SoundCloud URLs using their API. It passes 'client_id' and the target 'url' as parameters. On successful response, it appends 'client_id' to stream and attachment URLs, then returns the data via callback. There are no suspicious or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system modifications. The code does not contain obfuscation or malicious code segments. The only potential security concern is the use of 'http' instead of 'https', which may expose data to interception, but this is not malicious. Overall, the code functions as a standard API wrapper without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward API wrapper for SoundCloud URL resolution. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It securely handles data, with a minor concern about using unsecured HTTP connections rather than HTTPS. Overall, it is safe with low risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}