{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React Native component called ProgressPie, which displays a pie-shaped progress indicator with animation support. It is designed for visual rendering within a mobile app.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component props such as 'progress', 'rotation', 'size', 'color', 'borderColor', 'borderWidth', 'unfilledColor', and 'children'. It also reads from imported modules, including React, PropTypes, and '@react-native-community/art'.",
  "sinks": "The code renders visual components on the screen using ART.Surface, Sector, and Circle components, which are graphics rendering sinks. No direct data sinks such as network calls or file writes are present.",
  "flows": "Input props (e.g., 'progress', 'rotation') influence the rendered shapes and animations on the ART.Surface component. The 'rotation' prop can influence animated rotation via 'interpolate'. No external data flows are observed beyond rendering.",
  "anomalies": "There are no unusual code constructs, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious logic. The code appears to be standard React Native UI component code with animation features. No obfuscated code, hidden code execution, or malicious constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React Native visual component for a progress pie chart, utilizing standard libraries and practices. It reads data from props and renders corresponding graphics. No network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications are present. The component uses well-known libraries like React, PropTypes, and '@react-native-community/art'. The animated features are for UI effects and do not introduce security risks. No suspicious or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React Native component designed for rendering a progress pie chart with animation support. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is safe for use in a mobile application context.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}