{
  "purpose": "The script appears to be a command-line utility for testing internet speed and connectivity, providing notifications and logging based on the results.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from command-line flags parsed by 'meow', including configuration options like min/max speeds, timeouts, and notification preferences.",
  "sinks": "Notification functions (getNotify) which likely display or send messages; no evidence of data leakage or network transmission of sensitive info; no direct sinks for untrusted data.",
  "flows": "User inputs via CLI flags influence the configuration of the 'Iback' object, which performs speed tests; events from 'Iback' trigger notifications and logs based on test results.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or unusual variables observed. All modules are standard and documented. The code is structured and includes comments and clear variable names.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a CLI parser, sets default configuration values, and creates notification handlers. It then configures an 'Iback' instance for network testing with parameters derived from user input. Event listeners handle test states: testing, error, retry, failure, and success, triggering logs and notifications accordingly. The notification functions and 'Iback' are external modules, presumed safe. No signs of malicious data handling, code injection, or suspicious network activity. The script's purpose aligns with speed testing and user notifications. Overall, the code is well-structured, with no anomalies or malicious indicators detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate CLI utility for internet speed testing with user notifications. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. It uses standard modules and straightforward logic. No security risks or malicious intent are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}