{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for mathematical operations and random selection, acting as a wrapper around the 'ez-math.js' library and native Math functions.",
  "sources": "Inputs are received via function parameters: 'array' for list-based operations, 'Min' and 'Max' for random integer generation.",
  "sinks": "Function calls such as 'math.add', 'math.subtr', etc., potentially process untrusted input if passed directly, and 'Math.random()' is used for randomness.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (arrays, Min, Max) flows into mathematical functions and random number generation; the functions return results based on these inputs without external data output or network transmission.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code present. Random number generation logic is straightforward. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. The use of 'math' wrapper functions is standard, assuming 'ez-math.js' is legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code acts primarily as a set of wrapper functions around a math library, providing utility functions like 'random', 'add', 'subtr', etc. The 'random' function chooses an element from an array or comma-separated string, which is safe in isolation. The 'randomInt' function generates a random integer within specified bounds, defaulting to 0 if invalid. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. Usage of 'Math.random()' is standard, with no evidence of malicious manipulation. The code does not include any suspicious code paths, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated segments.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility module providing mathematical and randomization functions. No malicious activity or malicious intent is evident. It simply wraps around a math library and JavaScript's Math functions without any suspicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}