{
  "purpose": "The code fetches query results from the New Relic Insights API using provided credentials and parameters.",
  "sources": "The function reads input data from the parameters: 'query', 'apiKey', 'accountId', and 'debug'. It also reads data from the network request to the New Relic API endpoint.",
  "sinks": "The untrusted data flows into the HTTP request headers ('X-Query-Key') and URL parameters ('nrql'). The response data from the API is parsed and returned, which could leak sensitive data if misused.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('query', 'apiKey', 'accountId') are incorporated into the URL and headers for the network request. The response data is accumulated from the network and parsed as JSON, then returned.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. The code appears straightforward, with proper error handling. No suspicious network connections or data leaks are evident beyond standard API usage.",
  "analysis": "The function securely makes an HTTPS GET request to the New Relic Insights API, incorporating the 'apiKey' and 'accountId' as parameters and headers, respectively. The response is collected and parsed into JSON. Error handling is in place for network errors and API errors. There are no signs of code injection, backdoors, or malicious network behavior. The data flow is typical for an API client. No anomalies like hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code are detected. The use of the 'https' module and parameter encoding indicates secure practices. Overall, the code is a standard API request handler with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs a straightforward API request to retrieve data from the New Relic Insights API. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage indicators. The only potential security concern is that it handles sensitive credentials ('apiKey') and exposes them in headers, but this is standard for API calls and not inherently malicious. The implementation appears safe and well-structured.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}