{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom drawing mode for Mapbox GL Draw to create circles on a map, enabling users to draw circles by specifying a center point and radius.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from map events, specifically 'click' events with geographic coordinates (e.lngLat). The code also imports external modules: '@mapbox/mapbox-gl-draw', '@turf/circle', and internal modules from '@mapbox/mapbox-gl-draw/src'.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted input (map click coordinates) is used to generate a circle feature. The code does not appear to send data over the network, execute system commands, or write to files.",
  "flows": "The click event captures user input coordinates, which are used to generate a circle geometry with turf.js. This geometry is then assigned to a feature in the draw mode, and the mode switches to select the created feature.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward and does not contain hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or hidden backdoors. It does include custom mode logic, but nothing suspicious in this context.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a custom Mapbox draw mode called 'CircleMode' to facilitate drawing circles on the map. It initializes a feature with properties indicating it's a circle, disables double-click zoom, and activates the drawing UI. When the user clicks on the map, it captures the geographic coordinates and creates a circle using Turf.js, storing the circle's geometry and center properties. The mode then switches to simple select. No external data exfiltration, suspicious network activity, or malicious behaviors are present. All modules used are standard open-source libraries for map visualization and geometry creation. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate custom drawing mode implementation for creating circles on a map. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}