{
  "purpose": "This code defines a modular JavaScript library with various utility functions for data manipulation, formatting, storage, and validation.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from the environment (global objects like window, document, location, storage), input parameters to functions, and internal variables. Fetch is used in BlobExport for network data retrieval.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation (creating elements, setting hrefs, triggering downloads), localStorage/sessionStorage, and fetch requests. No direct data leaks or system commands are observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from fetch responses or input parameters to processing functions; for example, BlobExport fetches data from a URL, creates a downloadable link, and triggers a download. Input validation functions process user data for validation without insecure handling.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code are detected. The code employs standard utility functions and safe DOM operations. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration or backdoors are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of utility functions for array manipulation, string formatting, storage handling, data validation, and date/time formatting. It employs standard practices for copying text, triggering downloads, and managing storage. The fetch operation is used to download a file and create a download link, which is a typical pattern. All functions are straightforward and do not execute dynamic code or contain suspicious logic. The code is not minified in an obfuscated manner; it appears to be a bundled utility library. There is no evidence of malicious intent or malicious code execution within this fragment.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a utility library with no indicators of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It performs common utility operations safely. There is no evidence of backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious code. The malware score is 0, security risk is low, and confidence is high.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}