{
  "purpose": "The code implements a burger menu component for Ember.js, managing UI state, event handling, and animations for a sidebar menu.",
  "sources": "Reads include component attributes (e.g., 'open', 'locked'), DOM events ('click', 'touchstart', 'keyup'), and utility functions ('normalizeEvent', 'closest').",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are event handlers that trigger 'state.actions.close()' on click outside or ESC key press, and DOM event listeners that could be manipulated.",
  "flows": "User interactions (clicks, touches, key presses) trigger event handlers that invoke 'state.actions.close()', or 'open'/'close' methods depending on gestures and state.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious code, or backdoors. The code uses standard Ember.js patterns and event handling. No dynamic code execution or external network calls are observed. No obfuscation detected. The only notable pattern is event setup/teardown tied to component lifecycle, which is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code manages a burger menu's state with Ember.js computed properties and event listeners. It dynamically sets up and tears down event handlers based on component attributes and lifecycle events. Event handlers ('onClick', 'onKeyup') are used to close the menu upon clicking outside or pressing ESC. The 'onSwipe' method enables gesture-based toggling of the menu, respecting 'gesturesEnabled' and current 'open' state. All actions seem confined to UI control; no external network or sensitive data handling occurs. The code does not contain obfuscated or malicious code segments. It appears to be a standard, well-structured Ember.js component for a UI element.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical UI component managing a burger menu, with no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It handles user interactions responsibly without exposing sensitive data or performing dangerous actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}