{
  "purpose": "This code customizes a drawing mode for Mapbox GL JS to enable users to draw circles by defining a new mode based on polygon drawing, with custom setup and click handling.",
  "sources": "Input source is user interactions captured via click events (e.lngLat), and external modules such as '@mapbox/mapbox-gl-draw', '@turf/circle' provide functions for feature creation and geometry calculations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the creation of GeoJSON features with properties that could be manipulated, but there are no direct data leaks, network calls, or unsafe system operations.",
  "flows": "User clicks generate coordinates (lng, lat) which are used to create circle geometries; properties are set accordingly, and mode switches occur, but no untrusted data flows to insecure sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscated code, or hardcoded secrets are present. The code relies on external modules for core functionality, with straightforward logic.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom drawing mode for Mapbox GL Draw, enabling circle drawing by capturing user clicks. It initializes a feature with properties indicating it's a circle, disables double click zoom, and sets UI states. On the first click, it captures the center, creates a circle geometry with a default or specified radius, and updates the feature. It then switches back to simple select mode. The code uses external modules for geometry creation and mode control. There are no network operations, no credential handling, or potentially malicious logic present. The logic is consistent with standard custom mode implementations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate customization for drawing circles in a Mapbox-based map interface. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is well-structured and uses external libraries as intended. Overall, the code is safe with no suspicious signals.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}