{
  "purpose": "This module provides utilities for validating, processing, and normalizing sitemap URLs and related data, as well as stream handling functions for reading and merging streams.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include streams from fs.createReadStream and external input streams for line reading, as well as function parameters such as URLs, JSON strings, and configuration objects.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include parsing untrusted JSON input, constructing URL objects from input data, and logging warnings or errors. No evidence of direct data leaks or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input streams or function parameters through validation and normalization functions, with potential for untrusted data to be parsed or processed without sanitization, but no malicious code execution observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code execution detected. The only notable pattern is standard data validation and normalization routines. The code relies on well-known libraries and standard practices.",
  "analysis": "The code is a utility module for handling sitemap data, validating configurations, and processing streams. It includes URL normalization that constructs URL objects from input strings and hostname, and handles images, videos, and links. Validation functions check input values against validators and raise warnings or errors. Stream handling involves merging streams and wrapping readline interfaces. No code patterns indicative of malware, such as network data exfiltration, system modifications, or obfuscated malicious logic, are present. The code employs standard validation, error handling, and stream manipulation techniques.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility module focused on data validation and normalization for sitemap URLs. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected. It handles inputs carefully and uses safe practices. Therefore, it is assessed as low security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}