{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for validating, normalizing, and processing sitemap data, including stream handling and URL normalization functions.",
  "sources": "Input streams for reading lines or JSON data; data passed to functions such as normalizeURL, validateSMIOptions; environment variables (not explicitly used in this code).",
  "sinks": "JSON parsing, data validation, URL construction, and stream output functions; no direct data leakage or external network connections are evident.",
  "flows": "Input streams feed data into ReadlineStream and lineSeparatedURLsToSitemapOptions, which process and transform the data; normalizeURL constructs URLs from input objects and hostname; validateSMIOptions validates configuration objects; mergeStreams combines streams.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors detected. Usage of standard libraries (fs, stream, readline, url). No suspicious network connections or code injection present. The code appears to be straightforward utility functions for sitemap processing.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of data validation, URL normalization, stream manipulation, and array chunking functions. No evidence of obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or hidden backdoors. Validation functions include error handling and warnings, but no suspicious logic. The normalizeURL function carefully constructs URLs, images, and video objects from input data, with no dangerous operations. Stream merging and wrapping are standard, and JSON parsing is safe if input data is trusted. Overall, the code appears benign and well-structured for its purpose.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of utility functions for processing sitemap data, performing validation, normalization, and stream handling. No malicious or sabotage behavior is detected. The code is standard and safe for its intended use.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}