{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for validating, processing, and normalizing sitemap data, including stream handling, URL normalization, and validation of options.",
  "sources": "User-provided options, input streams, and URL strings. The code reads data from streams, configuration objects, and URL strings for processing.",
  "sinks": "URL construction and transformation, data validation errors, and potential console warnings. The code does not write or send untrusted data externally.",
  "flows": "Input streams (lines or JSON) are transformed into structured objects via ReadlineStream and transform streams. URL strings are normalized into full URLs with hostname prepended. Validation functions check data integrity and may throw or warn.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code performs standard validation, stream merging, and URL normalization. No suspicious network activity or malicious system interactions are detected. The only notable code activity involves logging warnings and throwing errors during validation.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly handles validation and normalization of sitemap data, with stream handling and URL processing. The validateSMIOptions function performs detailed validation, but only for configuration data and not for untrusted external input. The mergeStreams and ReadlineStream are standard stream utility functions. The normalizeURL function safely constructs URLs and normalizes nested data structures, with no execution of untrusted code or data leaks. No external network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications are evident. The code adheres to typical data processing patterns, with appropriate use of validation and error handling. There are no indications of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard utility module for sitemap data processing and validation, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs legitimate validation, stream handling, and URL normalization tasks without external network activity or system manipulation. Overall, it appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}