{
  "purpose": "Render an interactive map of Japan with hover tooltips displaying prefecture names and descriptions, supporting multiple languages.",
  "sources": "User interactions such as mouse enter, move, and leave events; data props containing descriptions and fill colors; React state management for hover states and tooltip position.",
  "sinks": "Display of tooltip data based on untrusted user interactions; dynamic fill colors influenced by data; rendering of SVG paths from hardcoded data.",
  "flows": "User hovers over map regions (sources: mouse events, data props) -> updates state (hoveredPrefecture, hoveredId, tooltipPosition) -> triggers rendering of tooltip and fills -> fills and tooltip content depend on data validity.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activity present. The code uses only public React and SVG rendering; no external network calls or sensitive data handling. No obfuscated code; the code structure and naming are clear.",
  "analysis": "The code defines static data for Japanese prefectures and renders an interactive map with React, handling mouse events to display tooltips. It does not include network requests, hidden backdoors, or malicious code patterns. The only data dependency is on supplied props for descriptions and fill colors, which are used purely for UI rendering. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious behaviors are evident. The style injection function is standard for CSS-in-JS. The SVG map paths are predefined, static data, and no external data fetching occurs. The tooltip positioning is based on user mouse coordinates, with no external influence.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React component rendering an interactive map with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It securely displays user interaction data for UI purposes only. No network activity, obfuscated code, or malicious signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}