{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions to handle SQLite database operations, such as creating tables, inserting data, and querying, using the sql.js library in a Node.js environment.",
  "sources": "File system readFile and exists functions, database export, and input parameters for SQL queries and table/row data.",
  "sinks": "Database execution functions (db.exec, db.run), file writeFile for saving the database file, and dynamic SQL query execution.",
  "flows": "Input data from file system or function parameters flows into database creation, insertion, or querying functions, which then execute SQL commands. Data can also be exported and saved back to the filesystem.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic SQL string assembly via string concatenation in createTable and prepareInsert functions, which could be vulnerable if malicious data is fed into these functions. No explicit sanitization or parameterization appears in createTable or insert functions, which could lead to SQL injection if inputs are untrusted. No evidence of malicious code such as network communication, backdoors, or data exfiltration. The code appears to be a standard database utility module.",
  "analysis": "The code defines helper functions for handling SQLite databases via sql.js. It reads database files from disk if they exist, or creates new databases. It provides functions for creating tables, inserting multiple rows, and querying the database. The dynamic SQL string construction in createTable and insert functions is a potential risk if untrusted data is used for table or column definitions, but these functions are intended for internal use with trusted schema/rows. No external network calls, environment variable leaks, or malicious behaviors are present. The code appears to be a standard database utility without any malicious intent. No obfuscation or suspicious code patterns detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for managing SQLite databases using sql.js in a Node.js environment. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The only minor concern is the potential for SQL injection if user-provided data is used in createTable or insert functions without sanitization, but the current code structure suggests controlled usage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}