{
  "purpose": "This code defines various classes and functions for handling image metadata, axes, coordinate transformations, and multiscale image datasets, primarily for processing OME (Open Microscopy Environment) data.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from raw objects passed to static fromRaw() methods, such as in Ome.fromRaw(), Axes.fromRaw(), and other classes, and from properties like obj.source, obj.colors, obj.properties, obj.metadata, etc.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data could be in the input objects processed by fromRaw() methods. There are no evident network, file system, or environment variable operations that could leak data or perform malicious actions. The toRaw() methods output raw objects, but do not write or transmit data themselves.",
  "flows": "Input raw objects flow through fromRaw() methods, which parse and convert data into class instances. These instances can then be serialized back into raw objects via toRaw(). No dynamic code execution or system commands are present, so no external flow of untrusted data is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains standard property definitions (_define_property, axes_define_property, datasets_define_property, etc.) which are used repeatedly; no obfuscation, hidden code, or suspicious dynamic behavior is observed. All functions perform straightforward data validation and object construction. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured, type-oriented implementation of image metadata handling. It performs data parsing and serialization with validation checks, such as ensuring correct axis counts and types, and validating label-value as integer. There are no signs of code injection, network access, file manipulation, or environment variable misuse. The use of static fromRaw() methods for parsing and toRaw() for serialization is standard. No obfuscated code or hidden malicious functions are present. All class behaviors are predictable and limited to data processing. No suspicious anomalies or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured library for handling microscopy image metadata, with no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks. It only processes and serializes data without executing system commands, network operations, or sensitive information handling beyond input validation. The malware and security risk scores are therefore very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}