{
  "purpose": "This code appears to implement a watermarking utility for images and text, allowing dynamic creation, overlay, and mutation of watermarks on webpage elements.",
  "sources": "Image loading via Image() objects, DOM elements (canvas, span, div), and input parameters such as image URLs, text content, and style options.",
  "sinks": "Drawing on canvas contexts, modifying DOM elements (adding/removing watermarks), and potentially loading images from external sources.",
  "flows": "Image URLs and style parameters from input flow into image loading and canvas rendering functions; DOM elements are created and manipulated with these images and data, producing visual watermark overlays.",
  "anomalies": "Code contains obfuscated-like patterns with convoluted Promise handling and dynamic canvas manipulations. No explicit hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. The code loads images with cross-origin attributes, which is standard for watermarking. No hidden or malicious code snippets (e.g., network requests, system modifications) are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily implements image and text watermarking functionalities using HTML Canvas, DOM manipulation, and image loading. It features functions to load images with cross-origin support, create canvas elements, draw images/text with rotation and positioning, and observe DOM mutations for watermark integrity. There are no signs of malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or system access. The code’s obfuscated appearance is consistent with complex watermark rendering logic rather than malicious intent. Its behavior aligns with watermark overlay tools, not malware or supply chain attacks.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a watermarking utility without evidence of malicious or sabotage behaviors. It uses standard web APIs for image processing and DOM manipulation, with no suspicious network requests or data leaks detected. The obfuscated appearance is typical for complex visual overlay logic, not malware. Overall, it presents a low security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}