{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to query multiple lookupd endpoints for NSQ producer nodes associated with a specific topic, deduplicating the results.",
  "sources": "URL input parameters, data returned from external HTTP requests, environment variables are not used, but URLs are constructed based on input endpoints.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to external URLs, data processing in callbacks, and URL formatting functions.",
  "flows": "Input endpoint URLs are used to construct request URLs with query parameters, which are then fetched via HTTP requests. Responses are processed to extract producer data, which is then deduplicated based on hostname and port.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or secrets. URL construction is straightforward and uses standard libraries. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or unusual code constructs. External requests are limited to specific lookup endpoints.",
  "analysis": "The script fetches data from lookupd endpoints via HTTP GET requests, handles errors gracefully by returning empty results, and processes the data to extract producer node information. It constructs request URLs dynamically based on input endpoints and the provided topic, ensuring proper URL formatting. Deduplication logic is simple and based on hostname and port, with no evident manipulation or malicious data handling. No embedded or hidden malicious code, no attempts to exfiltrate data or perform system-level operations, and no use of insecure coding patterns. Overall, the code performs its intended function securely without evident malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for querying and processing lookup data for NSQ nodes, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It handles external data carefully, with error handling and deduplication logic, and uses standard modules. Therefore, it has a malware score of 0 and a low security risk score, indicating safe behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}