{
  "purpose": "The code implements a template-based email sender that loads email templates from a specified directory, renders them with parameters, and sends emails via SMTP with optional attachments.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (NODE_ENV), configuration parameters (conf), and reads files from the filesystem (fs.readdirSync and fs.readFileSync). It also reads SMTP credentials from conf (username, password, host, port, etc.).",
  "sinks": "Uses emailjs to create and send email messages; the email message is constructed with user-provided headers, template-rendered content, and optional attachments. The SMTP client connects to an SMTP server with provided credentials.",
  "flows": "Input flows from configuration parameters and environment variables to template rendering and email construction. Data from templates and parameters flow into the email message. SMTP credentials are used to send the email.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are evident; the code loads SMTP configuration from parameters, which is standard. No malicious code, such as data exfiltration or system commands, is observed. No suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or backdoors are present. The code handles file reading and email composition in a typical manner.",
  "analysis": "The code securely loads email templates from a specified directory, rendering them with user-supplied parameters via ejs.render, and sends emails through an SMTP server. It relies on environment variables to determine whether to actually send emails. All data sources and sinks are standard for email services. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors. The only minor concern is that SMTP credentials are provided via configuration, which could be misconfigured but is not inherently malicious. No evidence of obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "This module functions as a standard template-based email sender with no evident malicious intent or security risks. It loads templates from the filesystem, renders them with parameters, and sends emails via SMTP. No suspicious or malicious code was detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}