{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript class Mai for sending templated emails with support for attachments, using the emailjs library and EJS templates.",
  "sources": "Reads template files from a specified directory via fs.readdirSync and fs.readFileSync, reads environment variables NODE_ENV, and user-provided configuration for SMTP credentials and email parameters.",
  "sinks": "Sends email messages via emailjs SMTP client. Templates are rendered with user-supplied parameters, and attachments are added from user-supplied file paths.",
  "flows": "Template files are loaded into memory during initialization. When send() is called, the template is rendered with user parameters, headers are assembled, and the email message is sent via SMTP connection. Attachments are added from user-specified file paths.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials are present; however, the code uses user-provided SMTP credentials and template paths, which could be manipulated if configured insecurely. The code renders templates with user-supplied parameters, which could potentially lead to template injection if templates are not trusted, though ejs.render() generally escapes variables unless raw output is used. The code does not sanitize user inputs or attachments, and file paths for attachments are directly used, which could lead to path traversal if not validated externally. No evidence of obfuscation or malicious code segments.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes by reading template files from a specified directory, storing them in memory. It provides a send method that constructs an email with headers, renders a template with user parameters, attaches files based on user-supplied paths, and sends the email via SMTP. The SMTP configuration is customizable via user input, but no validation or sanitization is performed on these inputs. Rendering templates with user parameters could pose injection risks if templates are untrusted, but using ejs.render() with locals mitigates common injection concerns. Attachments are added directly from user-supplied paths without validation, which might allow path traversal if external validation is not performed. The code does not contain any suspicious network activity, code injection, or backdoors. It appears to be a standard email utility with typical functionalities, with potential risks being related to insecure user inputs or misconfigured SMTP credentials.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard email sending utility with template support, and no malicious behavior or malware is detected. Risks exist primarily around external input validation, especially for attachment paths and SMTP credentials, but these are not inherently malicious within this code. No signs of sabotage or hidden malicious functions are present.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 5
}