{
  "purpose": "The code defines a module for sending templated emails using the 'emailjs' library, with support for templates, attachments, and SMTP configuration.",
  "sources": "Reads email templates from filesystem (fs.readdirSync, fs.readFileSync), reads environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), and receives email configuration and parameters via function arguments.",
  "sinks": "Uses emailjs to create and send email messages over SMTP connection, with email content and headers generated within the code.",
  "flows": "Reads templates -> renders templates with ejs using provided params -> constructs email headers and message -> sends email via emailjs SMTP client.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no obfuscated code; no suspicious dynamic code execution. Debug logs are present but not malicious. No external network connections other than SMTP, which is standard. No malicious behavior or backdoors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code properly loads email templates from a specified directory, renders them with user-supplied parameters, and sends emails through SMTP using emailjs. It includes debug logging and error handling for missing templates and configuration issues. Environment variables influence whether emails are actually sent, which is standard practice. There are no signs of malicious activities such as data exfiltration, hardcoded credentials, or hidden network activity. The use of environment variables and configuration appears standard and safe. The code’s structure is straightforward, with no obfuscated or suspicious code blocks.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate email-sending module with templating features. It does not contain any malicious behavior or malware. The security risk is low, assuming correct and secure configuration of SMTP credentials and templates. No malicious or suspicious code segments are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}