{
  "purpose": "This module provides utility functions for handling data types, property checks, error handling, and attribute transformation, likely intended for data validation and processing in a DynamoDB context.",
  "sources": "No external data sources; functions operate on input parameters such as objects, values, and configuration mappings.",
  "sinks": "Error functions that throw exceptions; attribute transformation logic; type and property validation functions.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into validation and transformation functions, potentially leading to errors being thrown or data being formatted. No data flows from untrusted sources to insecure sinks, as there are no external data fetches or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns observed. The code uses straightforward validation and transformation logic, with no signs of obfuscated or malicious code. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or covert behaviors identified.",
  "analysis": "The code defines validation functions for data types and properties relevant to DynamoDB, including 'validTypes' and 'validKeyTypes'. Functions like 'toBool', 'hasValue', and 'isEmpty' are simple data checks, and error handling is via thrown exceptions. The 'transformAttr' function applies optional prefix/suffix and custom transformation logic. All functions perform standard data validation or formatting without external data fetching or suspicious operations. No network calls, environment variable manipulations, or dynamic code execution are present. The structure is clean and straightforward, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard utility library for data validation and transformation with no malicious behavior detected. It does not contain malware, covert data exfiltration, or suspicious operations. The security risk is minimal, primarily related to misuse of error handling which is typical in such utility modules.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}