{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for DynamoDB data validation, error handling, and attribute transformation.",
  "sources": "No external data sources; functions operate on input parameters and internal logic.",
  "sinks": "Error functions throw exceptions; transformAttr applies user-supplied transform callback which could execute arbitrary code if maliciously provided.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into validation functions and transformAttr; transformAttr may invoke the transform callback, which can process data and potentially execute malicious code if untrusted.",
  "anomalies": "The transformAttr function accepts a user-defined transform callback, which could be exploited if supplied by an attacker. No other anomalies detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward utility module for DynamoDB data validation and attribute transformation. It includes functions for type checking, error handling, and string manipulation. The transformAttr function's use of a callback introduces a potential security risk if the callback is user-controlled, as it could execute arbitrary code. All other functions are standard and do not exhibit malicious behavior or obfuscation. The code does not perform network operations or system modifications. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious code present. The obfuscation score is 0, given the code's clarity. The security risk score is set at 0.2 to account for the potential misuse of the transform callback, which could be exploited if untrusted functions are passed in. The confidence in this assessment is high (around 0.9), based on the code's simplicity and the consistent evaluation across multiple reports.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, standard utility module for DynamoDB data validation and transformation. The only notable security consideration is the optional transform callback in transformAttr, which could be exploited if provided by an untrusted source. The malware score remains at 0, and the obfuscation score is 0. The security risk score of 0.2 appropriately reflects this potential, but overall, the code is low risk and does not contain malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}