{
  "purpose": "The code is a build tool for packaging and distributing NW.js applications across multiple platforms, including functions for copying files, updating resources, creating archives, and generating installers.",
  "sources": "Data is read from filesystem (JSON files, directories, and files via globby), configuration options, and package metadata. External dependencies like 'fs-extra', 'path', 'semver', 'globby', and custom modules are used for operations.",
  "sinks": "File system operations (writeFile, rename, copy, remove, chmod), network fetches (via external dependencies for downloaders), and process executions are present but handled through safe libraries. No direct data leakage or untrusted input handling shown.",
  "flows": "Input data from configuration files and dependencies are processed through filesystem operations, with flow from reading configs/packages to writing or modifying files. No evidence of data being sent over network or executed as code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code uses standard library functions and well-known dependencies. No obfuscated or malicious code segments are present. No hidden network activity or malicious system modifications are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical build operations such as copying files, updating resource files, creating archives, and generating installer scripts. It utilizes well-known modules like 'fs-extra', 'path', 'semver', and custom modules for download and compression. No unsafe code execution, no network data exfiltration, and no hardcoded secrets are identified. The use of external modules appears legitimate. No anomalies or malicious patterns are found. The code is structured, follows standard practices, and operates within a build context without suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate build tool for NW.js applications with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs standard packaging tasks securely, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}