{
  "purpose": "This code implements an interval tree data structure for efficient management and querying of intervals, supporting insertions, removals, and point or interval queries.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input intervals provided to functions such as createWrapper, insert, remove, and query methods; input intervals are also read internally when rebuilding the tree.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include callback functions invoked during queries, which could be exploited if malicious code is passed as callbacks, though this is typical for such APIs; no other data sinks (e.g., network, files) are present.",
  "flows": "Intervals are sourced from user inputs (createWrapper, insert, remove), and queries flow through callback functions provided by users; data flows from input intervals to internal tree nodes, and query results are propagated via callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are detected; the code appears to be a standard implementation of an interval tree with no obfuscated sections or unusual language features. Use of bounds.ge and comparison functions are standard. No external network connections or system manipulations are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of an interval tree with standard operations. It reads intervals from input, manages internal nodes, and provides query capabilities. There are no indications of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system tampering. Callbacks are used for query results, which is typical. The code does not contain obfuscation or suspicious constructs. The usage of require for 'binary-search-bounds' is normal for efficient interval management. No malicious payloads or backdoors are present. The logic is consistent with a standard interval tree implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, legitimate interval tree data structure implementation for managing intervals efficiently. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks within this code. It appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}