{
  "purpose": "The code interacts with a blockchain token system, performing genesis creation, issuing tokens, transferring tokens, and retrieving balances and summaries.",
  "sources": "Input data such as WIFs, addresses, and token parameters; data received from ft.genesis(), ft.issue(), ft.getBalance(), and ft.getSummary() methods.",
  "sinks": "Logging outputs, blockchain transaction IDs, and balances; network calls within ft.* methods which likely send data to the blockchain network.",
  "flows": "WIFs and addresses are used as inputs for key operations; methods like genesis(), issue(), transfer(), and getBalance() process this data, possibly sending transactions or querying network state.",
  "anomalies": "Hardcoded WIF private keys for CoffeeShop, Alice, and Bob; no validation or encryption of sensitive data; no external input sources beyond static data. Use of sleep functions for timing control is benign but suggests sequential transaction handling. No obfuscated code or unusual language features detected.",
  "analysis": "The script performs blockchain operations with hardcoded private keys, which is risky if exposed. It follows a straightforward sequence of creating a token, issuing, transferring, and querying balances, all typical for blockchain scripts. No signs of malicious behavior like data exfiltration, network to unknown domains, or system modification. The private keys being hardcoded is a security concern but not malicious in intent; it indicates insecure key management rather than malicious code. The methods called appear standard for a blockchain SDK. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, or obfuscated code detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard blockchain interaction script with hardcoded private keys, which is a security concern but not malicious per se. There is no evidence of malware, malicious data leaks, or sabotage. The overall security risk is low but key management practices are insecure. No malware or malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}