{
  "purpose": "This script interacts with the SensibleFT library to create and manage a custom token on a blockchain network, performing operations such as genesis creation, issuing tokens, transferring tokens, and querying balances and summaries.",
  "sources": "Reads private keys (WIFs) for CoffeeShop, Alice, and Bob; network selection; token parameters; wallet addresses; and function responses from the SensibleFT library.",
  "sinks": "Calls to SensibleFT methods that involve blockchain transactions, which may reveal transaction details, wallet addresses, and token balances. No explicit data leaks or malicious data handling are evident.",
  "flows": "Private keys (source) are used in methods like genesis, issue, transfer (sink). These keys are passed directly to functions, which likely sign transactions, indicating a trusted flow. Read data from user-defined parameters, and send signed transactions to the blockchain network.",
  "anomalies": "Private keys (WIFs) are hardcoded into the script, which is a significant security concern as they are exposed in plain text. Sleep intervals are used for timing but do not indicate malicious intent. No suspicious or malicious code constructs, obfuscation, or unusual behavior are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs legitimate blockchain operations: creating a token, issuing tokens, transferring tokens, and querying balances. The private keys are stored in variables within the code, which is insecure but not malicious per se. There is no evidence of data exfiltration, system modification, or network communication outside expected blockchain interactions. The overall structure is straightforward, with no hidden or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code's primary concern is the insecure handling of private keys, which are hardcoded. No malicious behavior, malware, or suspicious activity is evident. The operations performed are standard blockchain token management procedures. The security risk stems from poor key management rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 3
}