{
  "purpose": "The code interacts with a cryptocurrency token system, performing genesis creation, issuing tokens, transferring tokens, and checking balances via the SensibleFT library.",
  "sources": "Input data includes WIFs (wallet private keys), addresses, and transaction parameters, primarily hardcoded in variables. Data reads occur from hardcoded secrets and function arguments.",
  "sinks": "Sensitive data such as WIFs and addresses are used in cryptographic operations. Network requests occur via the SensibleFT library to blockchain networks, potentially transmitting transaction data.",
  "flows": "Sources (hardcoded WIFs and addresses) flow into cryptographic signing and transaction creation functions. These generate transactions and send them over the network. Data from getBalance and getSummary flows back to console logs.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of multiple hardcoded private keys (WIFs) for different accounts, which is generally unsafe. No obfuscated code, malicious network connections, or data exfiltration observed. No dynamic code execution or suspicious variables.",
  "analysis": "The code uses hardcoded wallet private keys (WIFs) for CoffeeShop, Alice, and Bob, which is insecure but not necessarily malicious by itself. The operations involve blockchain transactions—genesis creation, issuing tokens, transferring tokens, and checking balances—via the SensibleFT library. No signs of malicious network activity, data leakage, or sabotage are detected. The private keys are stored plainly in the code, which is a security risk but not malware. No suspicious external connections or hidden backdoors. The code follows standard asynchronous patterns with deliberate delays. No obfuscated or malicious code structures are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs legitimate cryptocurrency operations with hardcoded credentials. There are no signs of malware or malicious intent. However, storing private keys directly in code poses a significant security risk. Overall, the script appears to be standard application code for managing tokens with no malicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 1
}