{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a JavaScript utility library, likely for CSS manipulation, style processing, and dynamic stylesheet generation. It exports functions for CSS value formatting, style application, and stylesheet injection.",
  "sources": "Reads input from function arguments, object properties, style strings, and environment variables (e.g., process.env.NODE_ENV).",
  "sinks": "Injects style rules into a dynamically created <style> element, potentially appending CSS rules to the stylesheet.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., style objects, strings, environment variables) flows into functions that generate CSS rules, which are then inserted into a style element via insertRule().",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors. Code uses dynamic CSS generation and stylesheet injection, which is common in styling libraries. No signs of privacy violations, data theft, or network communication. The environment variable 'process.env.NODE_ENV' is used to throw errors in development mode, which is typical for dev environments. No suspicious external domains or malicious system actions detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for CSS value formatting, style validation, and stylesheet manipulation. It includes functions for creating CSS rules, managing style sheets, and appending rules dynamically. It performs environment-based checks to restrict nesting of certain at-rules in development mode, indicating a development safety check. The code uses typical style manipulation techniques and does not interact with external services or system files. No evidence of malicious actions such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors. The code's primary function is style handling, common in UI libraries, with no suspicious logic detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a style utility library for CSS management with no indications of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It performs style formatting, validation, and dynamic stylesheet updates, which are standard in CSS-in-JS libraries. No malware signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}