{
  "purpose": "The provided code implements a web-based 3D model viewer using WebGL, capable of loading, rendering, and interacting with IFC-based 3D models. It manages model loading, rendering, user interactions, and scene controls.",
  "sources": "Data is read from external sources via XMLHttpRequest, FileReader, Blob objects, and binary buffers for loading models, geometries, and shaders. User input is read from mouse and wheel events for interaction. Shader source code is embedded as string constants.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include WebGL shader compilation and linking, texture creation, buffer data uploads, and reading pixel data from framebuffers during ID picking. These are standard WebGL procedures, not inherently malicious.",
  "flows": "Input sources (model files, binary data, user interactions) flow into binary parsers, which populate scene data structures and buffers. User interactions trigger scene modifications, such as camera movement or clipping plane updates, which affect scene rendering via uniform updates. The rendering pipeline flows data from buffers/textures into WebGL draw calls.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns detected. The code relies on standard WebGL, shader programs, and binary data parsing. There are no hardcoded credentials, network connections to unknown domains, or system-level operations. Shader code appears to implement typical shading and ID encoding/decoding. The only network activity is fetching model data via XMLHttpRequest, which is expected. No hidden backdoors or cryptomining scripts are evident. The code is extensive but appears consistent with a standard web 3D viewer.",
  "analysis": "Step-by-step analysis involved inspecting source code comments, shader source strings, and data flow. The code loads models over HTTP or from blobs/files, parses binary geometries, and renders with WebGL. User input triggers camera controls and clipping operations. Shader programs encode object IDs in colors for picking. No obfuscated code, malicious network connections, or system tampering logic are present. The code adheres to typical WebGL application patterns, using standard libraries and techniques. It does not contain any signals of malware or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive 3D IFC model viewer with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It uses standard WebGL procedures, binary data parsing, and shader programming. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, credential theft, or unauthorized system operations are detected. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}