{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WebGL-based IFC model viewer capable of loading, parsing, rendering, styling, and interacting with 3D models. It handles binary data, manages GPU buffers/textures, and encodes object IDs in shaders for picking.",
  "sources": "Model data fetched via XMLHttpRequest or read from Blob/File objects; embedded shader source code; binary buffers for vertices, normals, indices, styles, transformations, and model metadata.",
  "sinks": "GPU buffers and textures for vertices, normals, indices, styles, transformations; shader programs for rendering; user interaction events; model loading from external sources.",
  "flows": "External sources (URLs, Blob, File) → Binary parser (xBinaryReader) → GPU buffers/textures (via bufferData and texImage2D) → Shader programs for rendering and ID encoding/decoding → User interactions (mouse, pick events) → Model state and style updates.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded credentials, external malicious network activity, or obfuscation detected. Shader code is standard GLSL; data handling is typical for visualization libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code is a legitimate open-source WebGL IFC viewer. It uses standard binary parsing routines, GPU buffer uploads, and shader programs for rendering and ID encoding. No malicious routines, sabotage, or obfuscation are present. The shader code performs common ID encoding/decoding and lighting calculations. Data flows are consistent with a typical visualization pipeline. No external network activity beyond model loading, no hardcoded secrets, and no suspicious code patterns are detected. The code is transparent, well-structured, and adheres to open-source practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a secure, legitimate WebGL IFC viewer with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It is well-suited for supply chain security, with a malware score of 0, obfuscation score of 0, and a very low risk score (~0.1). The embedded shader code and data parsing routines are standard and do not pose security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}