{
  "purpose": "This code defines functions to generate SVG path commands for drawing shapes and lines, such as move, line, curve, arc, and close, used in SVG graphics rendering.",
  "sources": "The functions accept input parameters like coordinates and control points, primarily from function arguments; the 'distance' function from './vector' as an external dependency.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs and returns SVG path strings; it does not directly write to files, network, or external systems.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into string formatting functions that generate SVG commands; no external or untrusted data is processed beyond function inputs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns are observed. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic are present. The only external dependency is 'vector', which is standard and appears benign.",
  "analysis": "The code is straightforward, defining functions that produce SVG path command strings based on input coordinates and parameters. It uses precise string formatting with 'toFixed' and trims trailing zeros, which is typical for numeric output formatting. The only external dependency is 'vector', which is used solely for calculating distance in 'halfCircle'. There are no network operations, file system access, or dynamic code execution. The functions perform purely computational and string formatting tasks relevant to SVG graphics.\n\nNo indicators of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware are detected. The code does not contain any suspicious patterns such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden behaviors. The code is well-structured, clear, and purpose-specific.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign utility module for generating SVG path commands. It performs safe, deterministic operations without any malicious intent or security risks. No malware or security vulnerabilities are identified based on this review.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}