{
  "purpose": "This code defines a collection of GLSL shader functions used for procedural geometry and shape operations, such as signed distance functions (SDFs) and constructive solid geometry (CSG) operations, for rendering 3D shapes and transformations.",
  "sources": "Constant definitions, function declarations, and mathematical operations within the shader functions. No external input or data sources are explicitly read in this code.",
  "sinks": "Mathematical calculations within functions that process geometry data; no untrusted data sinks or external communications are present.",
  "flows": "The functions are self-contained and designed to perform shape calculations and geometric transformations. No data flow from external sources to sinks that could cause security issues is apparent.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard GLSL shader code for geometric computations. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are detected. The mathematical functions and operations are typical for shape modeling.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of a set of shape and transformation functions used in procedural rendering. Functions include shape definitions (sphere, box, torus, etc.) and operations (rotation, mirror, repeat, union, intersection, difference, blend). All functions utilize standard mathematical formulas and do not perform any network operations, file I/O, or malicious system interactions. No signs of obfuscation, malicious logic, or data leakage mechanisms are present. The code appears to be a clean, well-structured library for 3D shape calculations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard GLSL shader library for procedural geometry operations. It contains no malicious behavior or security risks. The functions are typical for shader programs and do not include any suspicious or malicious logic. Overall, the code is safe with no indicators of malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}