{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of GLSL functions for procedural 3D shape signed distance functions (SDF) and CSG operations, likely used for rendering or modeling purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through function parameters such as vec3 p, float r, float h, etc., which are typically supplied by the rendering engine or user interactions. No direct input reading functions or external data sources are present.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the return statements where calculations are performed, but these are mathematical functions without any side effects or data leaks. No network, file, or environment variable access occurs.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows involving untrusted inputs leading to malicious actions. The functions are purely computational, performing geometric calculations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code anomalies are evident. The code appears to be straightforward mathematical functions for shape calculations and geometric transformations, with clear and standard implementations. No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or hidden code structures are present.",
  "analysis": "The code consists solely of GLSL functions for procedural shape definitions and CSG operations, all of which are standard in shader programming. The functions are designed for geometric calculations and transformations. There are no hardcoded credentials, network calls, file operations, or other malicious behaviors. The structure and formatting are consistent with typical shader utility libraries. The code does not exhibit obfuscation or unusual features that suggest malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a straightforward library of geometric SDF functions and CSG operators intended for rendering purposes. It shows no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The functions are self-contained, perform mathematical operations, and do not perform any external data access or system modifications.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 2
}