{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript class 'Curfi' that implements various linear and non-linear regression models, model training, saving/loading, prediction, and utility functions. Its purpose appears to be to facilitate different regression analyses within a web environment or Node.js.",
  "sources": "Reads include: JSON data for loadModel (modelc), trainX, trainY, testX, testY inputs, and environment variables such as document and window objects for DOM manipulations. No external input streams or untrusted data sources are evident; data inputs are passed as function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the saveModel method, which creates a downloadable JSON file, and the loadModel method, which ingests model data possibly from external sources. The matrix_invert method performs complex matrix calculations. No direct system command or network operations are performed. No code writes to system files or communicates externally beyond file download prompts.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (trainX, trainY, modelc) into internal model parameters, calculations (matrix inversion, fitting functions), and outputs such as saved JSON files or returned prediction arrays. No source-to-sink data leakage paths are detected outside standard data processing.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a comment 'Failed to inverse '-111'' but no actual malicious code is present. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are detected. The code employs standard mathematical and DOM operations with clear purpose. No obfuscated code, dynamic eval, or hidden network activity is found. The only potential concern is the use of document.createElement and appending to document.body, which could be misused in a malicious context, but here it is for downloading a JSON model.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily implements regression models with standard mathematical operations and DOM manipulation for saving models as JSON files. Functions like matrix_invert perform Gaussian elimination without any malicious intent. There are no network requests, no data exfiltration, and no execution of external code or commands. Comments and structure are clear, and variables do not suggest malicious backdoors or suspicious data handling. The use of environment objects such as document indicates execution in a browser environment, but no dangerous behavior is embedded. The only notable point is the handling of matrix inversion failure (-111), which is a standard error code; no malicious code is associated with it.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of various regression models, model management, and prediction utilities with standard JavaScript. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It functions as intended for regression analysis. The code does not exhibit obfuscation, network activity, or suspicious data leaks. It is safe from a supply chain security perspective based on this analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}