{
  "purpose": "This code loads audio buffers, renders audio sources, and applies an envelope follower transformation using Web Audio API and AudioWorklet, primarily for processing and visualizing audio data.",
  "sources": "Reads audio buffers from external sources via renderSources, and accesses DOM elements for user interactions (envelope-button, smoothing-field). It also reads version info from package.json.",
  "sinks": "Connects audio nodes within the Web Audio API graph; no untrusted data output or external network connections are observed.",
  "flows": "Audio buffers are fetched and decoded; user triggers startTransformation, which creates an AudioContext, loads a processor module, and processes audio data through nodes, culminating in rendering the processed audio.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The use of 'errorback-promise' for error handling is standard; no obfuscation or misleading variable names detected. External module 'modules/envelope-follower.js' is dynamically loaded but appears to be a typical processor module.",
  "analysis": "The script loads audio buffers asynchronously, decodes them, and renders audio for user interaction. It manages errors through handleError, which is imported from 'handle-error-web'. The startTransformation function creates an AudioContext, adds an audio worklet module, and connects nodes for real-time audio processing. The code appears to perform legitimate audio processing tasks without any network communications, data leaks, or malicious behavior. There are no signs of hidden backdoors, credential theft, or data exfiltration. The external dependencies are standard and do not exhibit suspicious behavior. The only dynamic external load is a local module for audio processing, which is typical for this use case.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard web audio processing script with no evident malicious intent or security risks. It manages audio data securely, with no suspicious external communications or embedded malicious code. Overall, the script appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}