{
  "purpose": "The code creates a new post object, prepares multipart or JSON data, and returns an HTTP request configuration for posting content to a specified server.",
  "sources": "Data sources include function parameters (meta, type, metadata, content), metadata object, attachments within metadata, and the properties within the 'meta' object.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request object 'reqOpts' with URL, headers, and body (either JSON string or multipart stream), which is intended for network transmission.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are validated and processed into a 'post' object, which is then serialized into JSON or multipart format, and incorporated into the HTTP request options for transmission.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code execution observed. The code does not perform any network operations itself, just prepares request data. No obfuscated or unusual language features are present. The usage of stream, multipart, and request libraries is standard. The code handles attachments carefully, but no evidence of malicious manipulation or data exfiltration detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs a request object based on input parameters. It validates 'type' and processes 'metadata' and 'content'. Attachments are handled with proper multipart formatting, and JSON data is correctly serialized. No suspicious dynamic code, obfuscation, or malicious data manipulation detected. The only minor concern is that 'metadata' can override 'content', which is a design choice but not inherently malicious. The request options are generated appropriately for network transmission. Overall, the code appears to be a standard implementation for creating and sending posts with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a straightforward implementation for preparing HTTP requests to create posts. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious anomalies. The code is well-structured and standard for its purpose, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}