{
  "purpose": "This source code provides functions for calculating points along various SVG path commands, including linear, quadratic, cubic, smooth cubic, arc, and combined coordinate calculations for SVG path segments. It appears to be a utility module for path processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters, particularly numeric arrays representing SVG path command parameters, and some imported modules such as './SVGTransform.js' and './utils.js'. It also reads constants like command types ('a', 'c', 'h', etc.).",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks related to untrusted data or external data flows are present. The code processes numeric path data internally, with no network, file, or environment variable interactions evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arrays representing path command parameters through calculation functions that generate coordinate points, ultimately returning arrays of computed points. No external or untrusted data sources or sinks are explicitly connected.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains large sections of mathematical computations for path point calculations; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets are present. The code is highly mathematical and algorithmic, not suspicious per se.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for calculating points along different SVG path commands, decomposes arc commands into cubic Bezier segments, and converts arc parameters to cubic curves. It uses mathematical formulas and geometric transformations, importing utilities for transformations and numeric checks. There are no network calls, environment variable usage, or data leaks. The logic is consistent with SVG path calculations. No obfuscation, hidden code, or malicious behavior is observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate set of mathematical utilities for SVG path computations, with no signs of malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It does not perform any network activity, data exfiltration, or system modifications. It is a math-heavy utility module.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}