{
  "purpose": "This code processes HTML files, extracting build blocks for CSS, JS, and RequireJS assets, and manages reference replacements, including revisioned filenames.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'content' parameter, including HTML content, and references from HTML tags such as href, src, data-main, and inline style URLs.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include string replacements in HTML content, and file path manipulations that could influence how resources are referenced or injected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the input HTML content (source) through parsing and pattern matching, into asset path extraction, revisioning via revvedfinder, and finally replacements within the HTML output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code uses standard regex patterns for parsing, with no evidence of obfuscation or malicious logic. No suspicious network activity or system commands are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs static analysis and manipulation of HTML files, specifically targeting build blocks for CSS, JS, and RequireJS assets, and updating references to revved filenames. It includes path resolution, URL handling (relative, root-based, protocol-relative), and revision-based filename updates. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or backdoors. The code's logic is consistent with a build tool for front-end asset management. It relies on external revvedfinder object for filename revisioning, which appears legitimate. The use of regex for parsing HTML is typical for such tools and does not indicate obfuscation or malicious intent. Overall, the script is designed for build automation without any embedded malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard HTML asset processing module intended for build pipelines, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. It performs expected asset path manipulations and reference updates safely.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}