{
  "purpose": "This code defines and executes multiple GraphQL queries by merging schema type definitions, resolvers, and contexts from different services, primarily for testing the retrieval of static string values.",
  "sources": "Data sources are the contexts `firstContext` and `secondContext`, which provide the `getSomeString` method returning static strings.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the GraphQL query execution in `executeGraphql`, which processes incoming queries and resolves data via the provided resolvers and context.",
  "flows": "Input queries are processed through the `executeGraphql` function, which uses the combined schema and context to invoke resolvers, returning static string data. No external untrusted input is directly used in the resolvers or context.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code uses static string returns within context functions, which is normal for mock/test data. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is observed. The context functions are simple and do not handle user input, and the code does not perform network operations or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a GraphQL tag and sets up schema extensions for two types, each with a resolver that returns static strings via context methods. The context functions are straightforward and do not involve untrusted input or external data sources. The testing code verifies the retrieval of these static strings using GraphQL queries. No suspicious or malicious code patterns, such as code injection, data exfiltration, or malware behaviors, are detected. The code appears to be for testing or illustrative purposes, with standard patterns for GraphQL schema extension, resolver setup, and query execution.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, serving as a simple test setup for GraphQL schema extension and resolver functionality. No malicious activity, backdoors, or security risks are evident based on the provided code. It is safe and does not pose a supply chain or runtime security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}