{
  "purpose": "The code appears to initialize a syntax highlighting and code formatting library, likely for displaying code snippets with syntax coloring in a web environment.",
  "sources": "Reads include the entire script content; no external data sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "No sinks that handle untrusted data or lead to data leaks; no network transmission, file access, or environment variable use is observed.",
  "flows": "The code sets up language handlers and registers syntax highlighting functions, with no data flow from untrusted sources to critical sinks.",
  "anomalies": "Code is highly obfuscated, with minified style, complex regex patterns, and obscure variable naming. It contains extensive syntax highlighting logic, which is typical for such libraries, but the level of obfuscation and the lack of explicit external calls or network activity are notable. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are visible. No suspicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, system modification, or network connections are present.",
  "analysis": "The script is a syntax highlighting library that defines various language grammars and registers handlers for code rendering. The obfuscation is consistent with minified or packed libraries designed for client-side code formatting. There are no apparent external data sources, no network communications, nor any code that manipulates system or environment variables maliciously. The complexity and obfuscation seem to serve code presentation purposes rather than malicious intent. No anomalies indicative of sabotage or malware are detected, and the logic remains confined to syntax processing.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a syntax highlighting utility, typical in code display contexts. It is heavily obfuscated but contains no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. The obfuscation is consistent with standard minified libraries rather than malicious hiding. Overall, it poses no security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}