{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component for rendering an organizational chart with features like zoom, pan, export, and hierarchy management.",
  "sources": "Reads include props (datasource, zoom levels, configuration flags), DOM elements (for exporting images), and event objects (mouse events). It also reads from imported modules and internal state.",
  "sinks": "Exports functions for zooming, exporting images, and hierarchy changes. DOM manipulations occur for exporting images and panning. It interacts with external DOM for saving images and opening new windows.",
  "flows": "User interactions (clicks, mouse events) trigger state updates and functions (e.g., export). Data flows from props and state to DOM updates and external functions (saveAs, dom-to-image). Export functions generate images from DOM elements.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network calls. Usage of third-party libraries (react, json-digger, dom-to-image) appears legitimate. No obfuscated code or suspicious variable names. No hidden network activity or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component that manages an interactive organizational chart with features such as zoom, pan, hierarchy manipulation, and image export. It uses several imported libraries for image rendering and JSON management. There are functions for exporting the chart as an image, adjusting zoom levels, and changing hierarchy structure. All data handling is contained within the component, with no apparent external network activity or data leakage. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code paths are present. The code structure and variable naming are clear and consistent. The code appears standard for a chart component, with no malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate React component for chart visualization with standard features. No malicious or sabotage code is present. It uses external libraries appropriately for image export and JSON handling. There are no signs of malware, data leakage, or malicious network activity. Overall, it appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}