{
  "purpose": "The code is a test suite for a React Native Virgil group session library, verifying encryption, decryption, epoch management, and message parsing functionalities.",
  "sources": "Inputs are session IDs, epoch messages, and data buffers obtained from function parameters or internal variables. External data includes mocked native module functions returning base64-encoded results.",
  "sinks": "Native module methods ('encrypt', 'decrypt', 'addNewEpoch', 'parseMessage') that process base64-encoded data; results are returned as buffers. No external network communication or file system operations are present.",
  "flows": "Inputs such as data buffers or objects with 'value' and 'encoding' are converted to base64 strings and passed to native methods. Responses are base64 strings decoded into buffers and returned.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors detected. The code employs standard testing practices and mocks. No unusual dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present. No signs of data exfiltration, system manipulation, or covert channels.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured test suite validating a React Native cryptography module. It mocks native modules and verifies that inputs are correctly converted to base64 before calling native functions. Results are processed into buffers. There are no hardcoded credentials, network requests, or system modifications. The code adheres to standard testing conventions, and the logic appears safe and transparent. No anomalies or malicious behaviors are identified. Since the code is purely test logic, its security implications are minimal, and it doesn't introduce or facilitate malicious activities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, standard test suite for cryptographic session management in React Native. It performs no malicious actions, leaks data, or manipulates the system. It correctly mocks and tests the native module interactions without any suspicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}