{
  "purpose": "This code is a Webpack configuration script used to define build steps, plugins, and module loaders for bundling JavaScript/TypeScript projects.",
  "sources": "Process environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), package.json data, date/time for hashing, and file system modules.",
  "sinks": "Crypto hashing for generating hashes, plugin configurations for build optimization, and output files.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and package data influence plugin setup; crypto module generates hashes used in string replacements within build files.",
  "anomalies": "The crypto module is used solely for hash generation for hash placeholders; no other suspicious or unusual code behavior is present. The code dynamically inserts hashes, package name, and version into build files, which is standard practice. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a Webpack build process with environment-based configurations. It includes plugins for notifications, cleaning output directories, and code minification in production/testing modes. It performs string replacements using crypto-generated MD5 hashes and package metadata, which is standard for cache-busting or versioning. The loader configurations for TypeScript, HTML, and JSON are straightforward. No suspicious network activity, obfuscated code, or malicious behavior is evident. The crypto module usage is limited to hash creation; no evidence of malicious intent or malicious payloads. The code is well-structured, with no anomalies indicative of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a typical Webpack configuration script with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It performs standard build preparations, including environment-based plugin setup, string replacements, and module loading. There are no anomalies or indicators of sabotage. Overall, it is a legitimate build configuration with low risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}