{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for image loading, texture handling, material creation, and animation control within a 3D rendering context, likely for a game or visualization app using THREE.js.",
  "sources": "Reading image URLs for loading textures, creating image elements, accessing environment variables (G_RESOURCE_VERSION), and input parameters for animation and callbacks.",
  "sinks": "Assigning textures to materials, updating the material's map property, creating THREE.Texture instances, and invoking callbacks. Also, error handling with console.error and Tida.toast.",
  "flows": "Image URLs (sources) are used to load images, which upon loading are converted into textures and assigned to materials. Animation functions update material properties over time via requestAnimationFrame. Error handling may trigger user notifications.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or secrets. No suspicious network requests or obfuscated code. The code structure is straightforward, with standard image and texture handling. Potential concern: the use of external variables like G_RESOURCE_VERSION without validation, but this is typical. No hidden or malicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs common tasks: loading images, converting to textures, caching textures and materials, and animating textures on materials. It uses standard Web APIs and THREE.js features. Error handling is minimal and user notification via Tida.toast suggests intended user feedback. No evidence of malicious actions such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system sabotage. The code appears to be a standard utility library for rendering purposes, with no suspicious or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical utility script for texture and animation management in a 3D environment. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware indicators. The code appears safe and intentional in its functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}