{
  "purpose": "This module provides utility functions for processing and normalizing song and artist names for search queries, including splitting, cleaning, and number conversions.",
  "sources": "Input data is primarily read from function parameters such as 'value' and 'field' in functions like toAlbumQuery, toArtistQuery, toTrackQuery, and toQuery.",
  "sinks": "The code performs string manipulation and does not directly write to files, execute external commands, or send data over the network. No immediate data leakage points are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through string processing functions, involving splitting, cleaning, and formatting. No dangerous or untrusted data transformations are observed that lead to security vulnerabilities.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes extensive string replacement, but all operations are contained within the module and do not perform any dynamic code execution or access environment variables. There are no suspicious hard-coded secrets, backdoors, or covert data exfiltration logic.",
  "analysis": "The module relies on string manipulation and pattern matching to process music metadata for search purposes. It uses external libraries (lodash, unidecode) for utility functions. The regex patterns and string replacements are straightforward and aim to normalize user input or dataset labels. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, such as network activity, system modification, or data exfiltration. The functions are designed for data normalization, and their logic is typical for such tasks. The only potential concern is the use of regex matching with user-controlled input, but the regex patterns are safe and do not invoke any code execution. No obfuscated or minified code is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign utility module focused on string processing for music metadata normalization. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It is safe for inclusion in a project, assuming the rest of the application handles inputs securely.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}