{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for processing and normalizing music-related strings such as artist names, album titles, and track titles to generate search queries.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters (e.g., values for query generation), and from internal variables such as predefined arrays and require modules.",
  "sinks": "Returns processed strings used for database or search queries; no direct sinks for untrusted data manipulation within system or network operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input strings are processed through normalization functions, involving string replacement, splitting, and transliteration, then output as sanitized query strings.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. Usage of common libraries ('lodash' and 'unidecode') is typical. Functions like 'splitFeaturing' and 'withoutParens' are straightforward string manipulations. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is present. The code appears well-structured with no unusual code patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs string normalization, splitting, and cleaning for music metadata. It uses lodash and unidecode libraries for transliteration and array manipulations. The functions handle string replacements, splitting on separators, and removal of parentheses and brackets. No external data is fetched, nor network connections or system modifications occur. The operations are deterministic and do not involve any suspicious or malicious code. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors. Overall, the code is a benign utility module for text normalization with no malicious intent or suspicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility for processing music metadata strings, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It neither contains obfuscated code nor performs any network or system-level operations. The functions are straightforward and serve a benign purpose.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}