{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for processing and normalizing text data related to music metadata, such as artist names, track titles, and album names. It handles string manipulation, splitting, and standardization tasks.",
  "sources": "Reads input data primarily from string parameters passed into functions like 'toAlbumQuery', 'toArtistQuery', 'toTrackQuery', 'splitFeaturing', and 'numberify'. No external data sources or untrusted input streams are directly accessed within this code.",
  "sinks": "Outputs are generated by returning processed string values; no direct data sinks or external system interactions are evident. The functions return sanitized strings suitable for querying or display, with no apparent data leaks or unsafe operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through string processing functions that normalize, split, and clean the data, ultimately returning sanitized strings for use in queries or display. No external data flow or network transmission occurs within this code.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns are present. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are found. The code uses standard libraries and straightforward string operations. There is no dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or external communications.",
  "analysis": "The code is designed for string normalization and processing, utilizing libraries like 'lodash' and 'unidecode'. It performs pattern matching, splitting, and replacing operations to prepare data for querying. All operations are standard string manipulations with no external calls or system modifications. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors are present. The code is well-structured and predictable, focused solely on text processing tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign and solely intended for data normalization and query preparation. There are no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It appears to be a utility module for a music-related application with no security concerns.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}