{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for CSS selector compatibility checks across different browsers, leveraging caniuse API and postcss-selector-parser to determine support for various CSS pseudo-classes, pseudo-elements, and attribute selectors.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules (caniuse-api and postcss-selector-parser), hardcoded pseudo-elements, and function arguments (selectors, browsers, compatibilityCache). No user input or external data sources are directly read.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks where untrusted data could lead to data leaks, code execution, or system compromise. The code primarily performs static analysis and caching of feature support.",
  "flows": "Input selectors are processed through parser walks to determine compatibility. The data flow involves reading selectors, parsing them, and checking feature support via cached caniuse queries. No external or untrusted data is injected into the flow.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward, with no signs of obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or malicious modifications. No hardcoded credentials or secret tokens are present. It includes standard utility functions and support checks.",
  "analysis": "The code imports relevant modules, defines constants and utility functions, and performs CSS selector compatibility checks. It uses caching for performance. The functions are designed to evaluate whether CSS selectors are supported across specified browsers. There are no signs of malicious code, data exfiltration, or external command execution. The logic is static, with no dynamic or unsafe code execution observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign utility for CSS feature support validation, with no malicious behavior or security risks identified. It only reads static data and performs computations without external side effects or data leaks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}