{
  "purpose": "This code module appears to facilitate CSS selector compatibility checks across different browser versions, utilizing the caniuse API and postcss selector parser.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules ('caniuse-api' and 'postcss-selector-parser'), and it processes CSS selectors passed to the functions 'ensureCompatibility' and 'isSupportedCached'. No direct input sources such as user input or environment variables are evident.",
  "sinks": "The code performs function calls and processing based on CSS selectors; no output sinks like network requests, file system writes, or external systems are present. It only computes compatibility results internally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the input parameter 'selectors' through pattern matching, parser traversal, and cache checks, culminating in boolean compatibility results returned by 'ensureCompatibility'. No external data is sent or received during execution.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or unusual code behaviors are present. The code contains standard regex patterns, caching, and API usage. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious functions. The module's purpose aligns with compatibility checks, with no hidden or malicious activities.",
  "analysis": "The code imports reputable libraries for CSS parsing and browser support checking. It defines CSS pseudo-elements and attribute selectors, then performs cache-based support queries. The 'isSupportedCached' function optimizes repeated checks, which is standard. The 'ensureCompatibility' function validates selectors against browser support, excluding mixins and simple selectors. There are no obfuscated code sections, and no malicious network activity or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. All operations are confined to support validation logic.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a standard, well-structured module for CSS selector compatibility verification, with no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It performs safe operations without external data leaks or harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}