{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for managing Docker-based test environments, including starting, stopping, and cleaning up Docker containers using docker-compose and other helper functions.",
  "sources": "Configuration parameters, environment variables, external modules, and function arguments (e.g., pathToComposeFile, envVars, startOnlyTheseServices, healthCheck options).",
  "sinks": "Docker commands (docker-compose up/down), environment variables, and potentially sensitive data passed into exec commands.",
  "flows": "Input parameters and environment variables flow into Docker commands and cleanup functions, which execute Docker operations and health checks based on these inputs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. Use of external modules appears standard for container management. There are console warnings about deprecated functions, but these are benign. The code does not perform any network connections, data leaks, or system modifications outside container management.",
  "analysis": "The code orchestrates Docker container environments for testing, with proper cleanup and optional health checks. It uses environment variables and function parameters to control behavior, and executes Docker commands securely with environment variable passing. No signs of malicious code, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The functions are focused solely on container lifecycle management, and no suspicious data flows or external network activity are evident. The warnings about deprecated functions are benign. Overall, the code is standard for managing test environments and does not contain malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard utility for managing Docker environments in testing scenarios. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. There are no signs of malware or suspicious data leaks, and the code appears to be safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}