{
  "purpose": "The code sets up a web worker to load TensorFlow.js and pose detection models, then performs pose estimation on input images received via messages, and posts back the keypoints.",
  "sources": "Reads imageBitmap data from incoming messages, loads scripts from external CDN sources (jsdelivr.net), and accesses WebGL/WASM backends.",
  "sinks": "Posts message back with pose keypoints and canvas dimensions; draws images on offscreen canvas.",
  "flows": "Receives image data via 'message' event → draws image on offscreen canvas → estimates poses using loaded model → posts back keypoints and canvas size.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code present. External script imports are common for ML workloads. No network activity other than loading scripts and posting pose data. No data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system manipulation observed.",
  "analysis": "The script dynamically loads TensorFlow.js libraries and pose detection models from reputable CDN sources. It sets the backend to WebAssembly for performance. It initializes pose detection models asynchronously and waits for model readiness before performing inference on input images. The message handler manages offscreen canvas setup and performs pose estimation, then posts back keypoints data, which is typical in web worker image processing. There are commented-out lines that suggest considerations for model loading and performance but no active code indicating malicious behavior or malicious data handling. The code is well-structured, with no signs of obfuscation, data leaks, or suspicious external connections beyond script loading.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation for pose detection in a web worker environment. It loads necessary libraries securely, performs pose estimation, and communicates results. No malicious activity, sabotage, or security risks are evident. It appears to be a standard, safe ML inference setup with no indications of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}