{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define utility functions for handling object properties, string manipulations, and DOM operations, likely used for dynamic HTML rendering or component updates.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters, object properties, environment variables, and global objects such as 'window', 'self', or 'globalThis'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM element attribute manipulations, style modifications, event listener attachments, and serialization functions which could process untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources like function arguments or environment variables through functions that manipulate or serialize data, possibly reaching DOM operations such as setAttribute, setStyle, or innerHTML modifications.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive obfuscated string patterns and Unicode ranges, but these are standard for normalization or processing text. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activities are evident. Usage of global objects and dynamic DOM functions appear to be standard utility functions. No malicious network connections or system manipulations are present.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily provides utility functions for object property filtering, string normalization, Unicode handling, and DOM element manipulation. It defines regular expressions and functions for matching and replacing Unicode characters, normalizing strings, and updating DOM elements with attributes, styles, or children. These functions are typical in frontend libraries for dynamic rendering or sanitization. There is no indication of network activity, data exfiltration, reverse shells, or cryptomining. The obfuscated-looking Unicode and string handling are common for internationalization or normalization, not malicious code. The code relies on standard global objects, and no suspicious side-effects are evident. The absence of any network code or file system access reduces the likelihood of malware.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the code review, the code functions as utility functions for object and DOM manipulation, with no signs of malicious intent or malicious behaviors. It is likely part of a rendering library or component framework. The obfuscated Unicode handling is for normalization purposes. No malware or security risks are detected in this fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}