{
  "purpose": "The code is a Rollup configuration script used for bundling JavaScript files into UMD modules, including minification and license annotation.",
  "sources": "Input JavaScript files ('index.js' and 'index-light.js'), environment variables (ROLLUP_WATCH, DEV), package.json version, and the LICENSE file.",
  "sinks": "Generated bundle files (.js), environment variable replacements, and license banners embedded in the output.",
  "flows": "Input files are processed through resolve, commonjs, replace, buble, uglify, and license plugins to produce the final bundle files with injected version info and license headers.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to be a standard build configuration with no suspicious or unusual code. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious constructs detected. Usage of 'replace' plugin is typical for version injection; no signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The script imports standard Rollup plugins for resolving modules, converting CommonJS to ES modules, transpiling, minifying, and licensing. It dynamically determines whether to minify based on environment variables. The 'replace' plugin injects version info from package.json, a common practice. The 'uglify' plugin is conditionally used for production builds. No external or untrusted data sources, network calls, or suspicious code constructs are present. The code does not include any obfuscated or malicious code, nor does it contain backdoors or hidden data exfiltration mechanisms. Overall, this appears to be a typical build configuration with no malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign build configuration for JavaScript bundling with no signs of malware or security risks. It functions solely to generate production or development bundles with versioning and licensing information. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}