{
  "purpose": "This code defines Angular component templates and factory functions for a calendar UI, including multiple views such as month, week, and day, with associated templates and event handlers. It primarily handles rendering logic and component configuration.",
  "sources": "Data reads from component properties like view.dates, selectedDate, eventSource, and various template references; user interactions such as clicks and ngSwitch cases also serve as input sources.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include rendering functions, event handler calls (e.g., eventSelected, rangeChanged), and template outlets which could process untrusted data for display. No system commands or network operations are directly present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component state (e.g., view.dates, selectedDate, events) through template interpolations and event handlers; user interactions trigger functions that modify or react to this data. No evidence of data being sent to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code is heavily Angular template and factory setup, typical of compiled Angular applications. No signs of obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution. No system or network operations are embedded.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of Angular component factory definitions, template views, and event bindings that facilitate rendering a calendar component with multiple views and templates. It utilizes standard Angular mechanisms like NgSwitch, NgIf, NgFor, and template outlets. No external or suspicious network activity, file operations, or system modifications are evident. The focus is on UI rendering and event handling with no malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a standard Angular component factory setup for a calendar interface, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is a typical implementation of a complex UI component, with no malicious intent or security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}