{
  "purpose": "The code defines React components and shaders for rendering lines and geometries using Three.js, including utilities for creating line meshes, geometries, and rendering options.",
  "sources": "Input data includes React props (points, attributes, geometries), shader source code, and geometry data. Data flows from user-provided props through internal functions to shader uniforms and geometries.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially influence shader uniforms or geometry attributes, but no direct data sinks like network requests, file access, or system commands are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from React props into internal geometry and shader creation functions, which set uniforms and attributes. Shader code is injected with geometry-specific parameters. There is no evidence of data flowing into system-level actions or external network connections.",
  "anomalies": "The shader source code is embedded as strings and appears to be standard GLSL code for line rendering. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments are present. No dynamic or eval-like execution is detected. The code contains a large block of license text, which is normal for open-source licensing. No unusual or suspicious behaviors are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of rendering utilities for lines and geometries in React using Three.js, with well-structured shader code, geometry definitions, and React components. No parts of the code perform network operations, system modifications, or data exfiltration. Shader strings are static GLSL code, and data input comes from React props without any direct external data manipulation or external API calls. The code adheres to typical patterns for WebGL rendering in React, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard library for rendering line geometries in a React + Three.js environment. It contains no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is safe based on the provided source code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}