{
  "purpose": "The code configures a Rollup bundler for a JavaScript project, specifying input files, output formats, external dependencies, and various plugins for code transformation and optimization.",
  "sources": "Reads input files ('src/index.js', 'src/BasicMap.jsx', 'src/Map.jsx'), package.json dependencies and peerDependencies, environment variables (process.cwd()), and logs output.",
  "sinks": "Potentially problematic areas include the use of require for dynamic package resolution and logging process information, but no direct data sink for untrusted input or malicious activity is evident.",
  "flows": "Reads package.json dependencies -> builds external dependency list -> logs current working directory and external dependencies -> creates a bundler with specified input files -> applies plugins for code transformation and minification.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code is a typical build configuration. Commented out minify plugin is noted but not active. No obfuscated or suspicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily sets up a Rollup build process, including dependency management, plugin configuration for transpilation, and source map generation. It reads package metadata and logs current directory and dependencies, which are standard practices. No evidence of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The use of various Babel plugins and other build tools aligns with common build workflows. The commented out minification step suggests optimization but is not active, posing no risk. No unusual or suspicious code patterns detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard build configuration script for a JavaScript project. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks within this code. It simply manages dependencies and sets up build pipelines without any malicious or suspicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}