{
  "purpose": "This code provides a Leaflet plugin to generate grid references and convert geographic coordinates between different datums (OSGB and WGS84). It performs coordinate transformations and draws grid lines on a map.",
  "sources": "The code reads input coordinates from map bounds, user interactions (move, zoom), and functions converting between coordinate systems. It also reads map zoom level and bounds.",
  "sinks": "The code sets polyline points on the map for visual grid overlays; no data is sent externally or stored locally. It does not write to files or send network requests.",
  "flows": "Input coordinates from map bounds are converted via getEastingNorthing to easting/northing. These are used in _calcGraticule to generate grid points, which are then converted back to lat/lon for display.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No network requests, file manipulations, or suspicious dynamic code execution. Uses standard mathematical transformations and well-known map projection formulas. No obfuscated code features.",
  "analysis": "The code is a geographic coordinate conversion and map overlay plugin using standard mathematical formulas. It includes functions for converting between latitude/longitude and eastings/northings in OSGB datum, applying Helmert transformations for datum shifts. It generates grid lines based on map zoom and bounds, adjusting granularity accordingly. The code does not perform any data exfiltration, system modification, or network communication. It strictly deals with visual rendering of grid overlays on a map. No suspicious code patterns, no dynamic code evaluation, no obfuscated functions, and no external data transmission are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate plugin for geographic mapping purposes, with no malicious intent. It performs coordinate transformations and grid rendering without any network activity or security risks. It is safe for use from a security standpoint.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}