{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a bundled or minified JavaScript module primarily for map editing and drawing functionalities, likely related to Mapbox GL Draw. It manages features, geometries, and interactions for map features such as points, lines, and polygons.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from user interactions, map state, and feature properties within the module, primarily through event handlers and feature manipulations. It does not read external inputs directly from untrusted sources outside the module scope.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network calls, map events, and DOM manipulations. There is no evidence of data being sent over the network, nor does the code execute system commands or access environment variables. It manipulates feature data, which could lead to data leaks if feature data contains sensitive info, but no explicit leaks are apparent.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions (clicks, drags, key events) to feature modifications, feature selection/deselection, and feature property updates. No external or untrusted sources are used to influence these flows outside the controlled event handlers.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified/bundled, which can sometimes mask malicious intent, but no obvious obfuscated code, hard-coded secrets, or backdoors are present. No network communication or system modifications are evident. No unusual or suspicious logic such as hidden network requests, data exfiltration, or reverse shells. All feature manipulations seem consistent with map editing functionality.",
  "analysis": "The code is a complex, minified bundle managing map features, interactions, and UI states. It handles feature creation, editing, selection, and deletion with standard map interaction patterns. No functions or logic suggest malicious intent. The code does not contain any network requests, system commands, or file manipulations. Its purpose is to facilitate map feature editing, and it operates within expected boundaries. The heavy minification and bundling are typical for production map SDKs and do not indicate obfuscation or malware. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or tracking scripts are detected. Overall, it aligns with standard map editing SDK code.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a bundled Mapbox GL Draw feature management module. It performs map feature editing and interaction handling without any suspicious or malicious behavior. It poses no evident security risks or malware. The complexity and minification are typical for production libraries and do not indicate obfuscation or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}