{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a minified module loader and a collection of map and geometry manipulation modules for a mapping library, likely Mapbox GL Draw or similar, used for rendering and editing geojson features on a map.",
  "sources": "Code reads data primarily from external inputs such as feature properties, map events, and user interactions. It reads map state, feature data, and user input events, but no direct untrusted data source like network fetches or environment variables are evident.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include feature property modifications, event triggers, and map layer updates. No obvious data leaks or insecure handling of untrusted data are detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions (clicks, drags, key presses) through event handlers that modify features or map state, then update the map display and fire events. No malicious source-to-sink flow such as data exfiltration or code injection is observed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code is complex but appears to be legitimate module and feature management code. No obfuscated code, hidden network activity, or suspicious behaviors like data theft or remote system access are evident. The code is highly minified but consistent with a mapping library's normal structure.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified collection of modules that manage features, modes, events, and map interactions, typical of a map editing library such as Mapbox GL Draw. It handles feature creation, selection, modification, and map state management via event-driven architecture. There are no network requests, no dynamic code execution, and no data leaks or backdoors detected. The code's structure and content do not indicate malicious behavior but are consistent with standard map feature management logic.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a minified module for map feature editing, with no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. It performs legitimate functions related to geojson feature manipulation and map interactions. No malicious behaviors, such as data exfiltration, remote access, or sabotage, are detected within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}