{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript module for drawing rounded corners (arc segments) on a canvas or SVG, specifically focusing on creating smooth transitions between line segments in a graphical context.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through the point() method, which receives x and y coordinates for points to be connected. It also reads the context object for drawing commands and uses internal state variables (_prev, _vert) to manage drawing flow.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs drawing commands via the _context._ string, which is meant for constructing path data (e.g., SVG path commands). It does not directly write to files or network, but the _context._ string could be used to generate malicious or misleading graphics if manipulated externally.",
  "flows": "Input points are processed through point(), which updates internal state and calls arcPast() to generate arc segments. These commands append to the _context._ string, ultimately affecting the visual output of the drawing commands.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behavior are present. The arcPast() function performs geometric calculations for arcs, with no indications of malicious intent. The code is structured to generate smooth graphical paths without external or hidden actions. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation for drawing rounded corners on a path. It uses geometric calculations to determine arc segments and updates a drawing string with path commands. It does not contain network operations, data leaks, or suspicious manipulations. The usage of mathematical functions and string concatenation for path data is consistent with common graphics programming. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected. The code operates purely within the drawing context without external dependencies or side-effects.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate, non-malicious utility for rendering rounded corners in a graphics context. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The code is well-structured and focused on graphical path construction.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}