{
  "purpose": "The code defines 3D models for wind, door, window, and sensor objects, likely used for rendering or visualization in a 3D environment or application.",
  "sources": "Data URLs in 'images' fields containing base64-encoded PNG images, and geometry attribute arrays for vertex positions, normals, UVs, etc.",
  "sinks": "The data URLs could potentially be used to load external or embedded images; geometry data could be manipulated, but no direct data leak or untrusted sink behavior evident.",
  "flows": "Models are constructed from embedded base64 images (sources) assigned to textures and materials, and geometry attribute arrays used for rendering; no external or untrusted data flows outside this context.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of base64-encoded images embedded directly within the data URLs; no signs of code injection, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors. The comments and variable names are benign. No dynamic code execution, suspicious network activity, or data theft mechanisms observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of JSON-like structures defining 3D geometries, materials, textures, and embedded images. All images are embedded as base64 strings within data URLs, which is common for self-contained 3D models. The geometries are standard buffer geometries with vertex data and no signs of obfuscation or malicious code. No external network calls, eval, or dynamic execution present. The variable names and comments are benign. The embedded images appear to be normal PNG images with no suspicious content. Overall, the code seems to serve a visualization purpose without malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard setup for 3D models with embedded textures and geometries. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware is detected. The embedded base64 images and geometry data do not indicate any malicious payload or backdoors. The code appears safe, with low malware and security risk scores.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}