{
  "purpose": "The code implements an Azure Blob Storage file upload mechanism using block upload methodology, with support for progress callbacks and concurrent uploads.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the 'url', 'file', and optional configuration options such as 'blockSize', 'simultaneousUploads', and callback functions. These are read from constructor parameters and options objects.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent to Azure Blob Storage via functions like 'putBlock' and 'putBlockList', transmitting file data in chunks. No direct untrusted data leakage or sensitive data exfiltration observed within this module.",
  "flows": "Input data (file, URL, options) flows through class methods, particularly 'analizeFile' (reads file size/type), and 'start' (handles chunk reading and network transmission). Data from 'file' is processed in blocks and sent to cloud storage functions, with progress callbacks triggered during uploads.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code execution observed. Usage of external dependencies appears standard; no obfuscated code detected. Error handling is straightforward, primarily logging errors. No unusual or malicious code patterns identified.",
  "analysis": "The code performs structured file chunking and uploads to Azure Blob Storage with proper validation of parameters, progress tracking, and callback invocation. The use of helper modules for file operations and Azure SDK functions appears typical. No signs of malicious behaviors like system data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden network connections. The logic is consistent with a standard upload utility. There are no hidden or malicious functions, and the code does not manipulate environment variables or system files.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of multi-part upload to Azure Blob Storage with progress callbacks. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. No security risks are identified within this code segment. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}