{
  "purpose": "This code is a webpack runtime responsible for dynamic chunk loading, inserting script tags into the document to load additional JavaScript modules.",
  "sources": "Reads chunk IDs from the input array and constructs script URLs based on static mappings; accesses document head to insert script elements.",
  "sinks": "Inserts script elements into the DOM which load external JavaScript files; potential for loading malicious scripts if external URLs are compromised.",
  "flows": "Source: chunk IDs in the input array -> URL construction via static mapping -> script element creation -> insertion into document head -> external script loaded and executed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors; code is minified but this is typical for production webpack bundles; no obfuscation beyond minification.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard webpack runtime snippet that dynamically loads JavaScript chunks by creating script tags with URLs derived from static mappings. It includes error handling for failed loads and uses promises to manage asynchronous loading. The code is minified, which is typical for production builds, but no malicious obfuscation or suspicious patterns are present. The primary security concern is reliance on external script sources, which could be compromised, but this is outside the scope of the code itself. Malware score is zero, as no malicious activity is detected. Obfuscation score is high (~0.8) due to minification, which is normal. The security risk score is low (~0.2), reflecting the inherent risk of dynamic external script loading but no malicious intent. Overall, the code is benign, standard, and safe, with minimal inherent risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical webpack dynamic chunk loader, with no signs of malicious behavior or backdoors. It is obfuscated due to minification but this is standard for production code. The main security concern is external script trustworthiness, which is outside the code's scope. Scores are appropriately low, indicating a safe component with standard risks associated with dynamic script loading.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}