{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for converting SVG elements to data URIs and images, and for downloading SVG and PNG files, primarily for client-side SVG manipulation and export.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from DOM elements (SVG or other elements), CSS stylesheets, and external URLs (font files, images). Data flows include fetching external resources and DOM queries.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include data URIs (SVG and PNG), blobs for download, and network requests for font and image resources. Download functions trigger file downloads or open new windows/tabs.",
  "flows": "External resource URLs (fonts, images) are fetched, possibly converted to base64, and embedded into SVG or PNG. DOM elements are cloned, styled, and converted into data URIs, which are then downloaded or displayed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. External URLs are fetched and embedded, but this is standard for SVG export tools. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution detected. No data exfiltration mechanisms are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manipulates SVG elements, fetches external fonts and images to inline them, and provides functions for exporting SVG as data URI or PNG. It includes resource fetching with XMLHttpRequest, Base64 encoding, DOM querying, and style embedding. There are no signs of malicious payloads, hidden backdoors, or data exfiltration. It adheres to normal SVG handling practices. The only minor concern could be external resource loading, which is necessary for accurate rendering but could pose privacy concerns if used maliciously, though not inherently malicious here.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a client-side utility for SVG and PNG export, with standard resource inlining and download capabilities. No malicious or sabotage behavior detected. It appears safe and intended for legitimate use, with some consideration needed for external resource privacy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}