{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript class 'RustpotterService' that manages a Web Worker and Web Audio API components for audio processing, detection, and wakeword management in a speech detection application.",
  "sources": "Reading input data from Web Worker messages, fetch API calls to load resources (WASM binary, worklet module), method parameters such as 'path', 'headers', and callback functions set via 'onDetection'.",
  "sinks": "Worker message posting via 'worker.postMessage', fetch responses, and callback invocation for detection events.",
  "flows": "Fetch resources (WASM and worklet module) -> initialize Web Worker and Web Audio components -> receive messages from worker (detections, status) -> trigger user-defined callbacks. Data flows from external fetches and message events into internal processing and callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "Code contains standard, well-structured Web Worker and Web Audio API interactions without unusual code, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation. No suspicious network activity or hidden code behaviors observed. Use of typical pattern for resource loading and worker communication.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes and manages a Web Worker for speech detection, loads resources over fetch, and handles audio processing through Web Audio API. It provides functions for wakeword management, worker lifecycle, and event handling. The message handling appears standard, with no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or covert channels. The code's structure and variable names are clear and follow common patterns. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code segments are present. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate, purpose-specific implementation for speech detection with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of a speech detection service using Web Workers and Web Audio API. It does not contain malicious behavior, obfuscation, or malware indicators. Its primary functions are resource loading, worker management, and event handling, all within expected patterns for such an application.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}