{
  "purpose": "Provide precise floating-point arithmetic operations to avoid common precision issues in JavaScript, including addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and rounding.",
  "sources": "Functions that read input data include the function parameters for numerical operations (e.g., num, num1, num2, etc.) and the internal calls to methods like parseFloat, Number(), and arguments for variadic functions.",
  "sinks": "The code performs mathematical calculations and can process untrusted numerical input through function parameters. There are no sinks that send data over the network, write to files, or execute system commands.",
  "flows": "Input data (numbers) flow through arithmetic functions which manipulate and return processed numerical values; no external data sources or outputs are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses standard mathematical operations for precision correction; no obfuscated code, suspicious dynamic code execution, or hidden backdoors are present. No hardcoded credentials or external network connections are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a utility library designed for precise floating-point calculations. It includes functions for handling floating point inaccuracies, converting floats to fixed integers, and performing arithmetic with high accuracy. It checks for boundary conditions and avoids common floating-point issues. The functions utilize standard JavaScript features, such as parseFloat, Number(), Math functions, and argument spreading. No malicious patterns, such as data exfiltration, code injection, or network communications, are found. The code is well-structured and uses common techniques for precision math; it appears safe and intended solely for mathematical correctness.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a numerical utility library focused on solving floating-point precision issues. It contains no suspicious or malicious behavior. It does not include network calls, file access, or code execution beyond standard math operations. Overall, it is safe with no indications of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}