{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for precise floating-point arithmetic operations (addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, rounding) to avoid common JavaScript floating-point inaccuracies. It is designed to handle scientific notation, boundary checks, and prevent precision errors in calculations.",
  "sources": "Functions such as strip(), digitLength(), float2Fixed(), times(), plus(), minus(), divide(), and enableBoundaryChecking() read input values (numbers) and configuration flags. The code also reads global properties like Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER.",
  "sinks": "The functions perform mathematical calculations and may output numerical results based on inputs. No sinks involve untrusted data being written to external systems, files, or network.",
  "flows": "Input numbers flow through float2Fixed() and digitLength() to compute precise multiplication/division. These outputs then flow into addition/subtraction/multiplication/division functions. The only potential external flow is the warning in checkBoundary() when numbers exceed safe integer bounds, but it only logs warnings.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or unusual language features. The warning in checkBoundary() is a standard debugging alert, not malicious. No suspicious network activity or data leaks are detected. All functions are standard mathematical utilities.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for precise floating-point calculations, addressing JavaScript's inherent inaccuracies with decimal numbers. Functions such as strip() and float2Fixed() convert and normalize numerical inputs. The times(), plus(), minus(), divide(), and round() functions implement precise arithmetic by scaling numbers to integers before operations to maintain accuracy. Boundary checks warn if numbers exceed JavaScript's safe integer range, which is a standard safeguard. There is no evidence of data exfiltration, remote communication, or malicious behavior. The code appears to be a standard numerical utility library, with no hidden or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical utility library focused on accurate floating-point arithmetic. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. The boundary warnings are standard safeguards, not indicators of malicious activity. Overall, the code is safe and functional with no security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}