{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for precise floating-point arithmetic in JavaScript, addressing issues like floating-point inaccuracies by converting to integers, performing calculations, then converting back. It includes functions such as strip(), digitLength(), float2Fixed(), and arithmetic operations (plus, minus, times, divide, round). It also performs boundary checks to warn if numbers exceed safe integer limits.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments (e.g., num1, num2) and internal calculations. Boundary checks read the computed numbers for validation.",
  "sinks": "The only sink is console.warn() used for boundary warnings, which are informational and do not leak data or cause harm.",
  "flows": "Input arguments are converted via float2Fixed(), then used in arithmetic operations (times, plus, minus, divide). Boundary checks monitor intermediate results. The flow is internal, with no external data or network activity.",
  "anomalies": "No malicious code, obfuscation, or suspicious patterns are present. The boundary warnings are standard safety features, not malicious indicators.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of high-precision floating-point arithmetic functions. It converts floating numbers to integers to avoid precision errors, performs calculations, and then converts back. Boundary checks warn about potential overflows but do not affect security. No obfuscation or malicious code is detected. The code is well-structured, with no external data handling or network activity. The warnings are benign and intended for debugging purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, safe utility library for precise floating-point calculations. It contains no malware, obfuscation, or malicious behavior. The boundary warnings are safety measures, not security risks. The current malware score of 0 and obfuscated score of 0 are appropriate. The risk score could be lowered to 0, but 0.1-0.2 remains acceptable due to benign boundary warnings.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}