{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionality to retrieve and search file type information from an external website, parsing HTML content to extract data such as file extension, description, mimetype, category, and popularity metrics.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from function parameters ('name' and 'srcName') and external HTTP requests made via utils.get() to 'fileinfo.com'. The code also reads from caches and HTML DOM elements.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include parsing and processing of untrusted HTML content obtained from external sources, which could lead to injection issues if the data is maliciously crafted. The code also accesses environment-dependent functions indirectly through dependencies, but no direct insecure handling is evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('name', 'srcName') flow into URL construction for HTTP requests, and HTML responses are parsed to extract data. Data from HTML DOM is used to build response objects, which are then returned.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs HTML parsing on external content without validation, which could be risky if the external content is maliciously crafted to exploit DOM parsing. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The use of the error class for error handling appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The script fetches data from an external website and processes HTML content to extract file type information and search results. It uses 'jsdom' for DOM parsing, which can be vulnerable if the source HTML is malicious. The code relies on cache for efficiency but does not sanitize or validate external HTML content. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or code injection beyond normal DOM parsing. The code does not execute any code dynamically or handle untrusted input in a way that could lead to injection attacks. Overall, the primary concern is processing external HTML, but without malicious payloads or malicious code embedded in the source, it does not appear malicious or sabotaging.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs web scraping and data parsing without evident malicious intent. While external HTML parsing could pose risks if the source is malicious, there are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling. The risk is mainly associated with external content manipulation rather than code itself.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}