{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionality for querying and parsing file type information and search results from external sources, primarily via web scraping and caching mechanisms.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters 'name' and 'srcName' from function calls; accesses cache via cache.get(); fetches HTML data via utils.get() from external URLs.",
  "sinks": "Uses data from external fetches for parsing HTML content; processes and returns structured data; no direct data leaks or writes are observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> utils.parse() / external fetch -> HTML parsing and extraction -> data processing -> return results.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code found. No obfuscated code or unusual runtime behaviors detected. Uses external network requests and DOM parsing but in a typical manner for such operations.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class for managing file type information, which includes asynchronous functions for retrieving file extension info and search data from external websites. It uses 'require' to load dependencies such as 'jsdom', 'mime', and internal modules. The functions perform data validation, cache checking, external HTTP requests, HTML DOM parsing, and data extraction. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, such as code injection, system commands execution, or data exfiltration. The network requests are used for legitimate data scraping purposes, and no suspicious activity like connecting to unknown domains, sending data over untrusted channels, or executing untrusted code is apparent. The code uses standard practices for data handling and parsing, with no indicators of malware or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be legitimate, focused on web scraping and data parsing for file type information. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware indicators. Its security risk level is low, with no signs of malicious intent. The overall security posture is safe based on the analyzed code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}