{
  "purpose": "This code provides functionality for fetching and parsing file type information and search results from an external website (fileinfo.com), involving HTML parsing, caching, and MIME type normalization.",
  "sources": "External data sources via utils.get() calls to 'fileinfo.com', user input parameters 'name' and 'srcName'.",
  "sinks": "HTML DOM manipulation functions, cache storage, data returned to calling functions, and external requests made via utils.get().",
  "flows": "User inputs 'name' and 'srcName' are normalized and used in HTTP requests; responses are parsed via JSDOM; data is processed, cached, and returned; possible flow from input to external requests and cache storage.",
  "anomalies": "Use of external URL with dynamic parameters, no explicit sanitization or validation of user inputs before requests, potential reliance on external website responses, and indirect HTML parsing which could be manipulated if external site content is compromised.",
  "analysis": "The code performs HTML content fetching and parsing using JSDOM based on user-provided names. It relies on external site 'fileinfo.com' for data, with minimal validation of inputs, which might lead to unexpected behavior if malicious inputs are provided (e.g., injection or malformed inputs). The caching mechanism prevents redundant requests. No hardcoded credentials or sensitive info found. The data processing appears standard, but since it fetches external HTML, it could be vulnerable to malicious or manipulated responses from 'fileinfo.com'. There is no evidence of obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious network activity in the code itself. Use of 'utils.get' abstracts the HTTP request; assuming it performs proper request handling, but without its implementation, some risk remains. The code is primarily for data retrieval and parsing, with no malicious intent evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard data-fetching and parsing utility with external dependencies. No malicious behavior or malware signatures are identified within the code. It relies on external data sources and performs typical HTML parsing. Its security risk is low, assuming external site content is trustworthy and utils.get() is secure. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}