{
  "purpose": "The provided code appears to be a Webpack bundle exporting multiple modules related to React components, style injection, and DOM manipulations, primarily for UI rendering and interaction.",
  "sources": "Data reads from DOM elements (querySelector, getBoundingClientRect), window object (resize event), and input event handlers for form inputs. No external untrusted input sources are explicitly used within this code snippet.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation functions, style injection (via style tags), event handlers (resize, mouse, input), and React component rendering functions.",
  "flows": "Input values from user inputs flow into component state and then are used to update DOM styles and attributes. Resize events update layout data. React components render UI based on internal state and props. No evident untrusted data flow to external sinks or network.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are observed. Style injection code appears standard, and React components seem to manage UI elements. No obfuscated code, hidden network calls, or malicious functions are present. No unusual or unexplained dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical Webpack bundle containing React components, style management, and DOM event handling logic. It uses standard React practices, DOM querying, and event listeners for user interaction. The style injection modules are common for CSS-in-JS solutions. There is no evidence of malicious payloads, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code does not perform any network operations, system modifications, or stealth behaviors. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate UI-related bundle code with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React UI bundle with style injection and DOM manipulation. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are detected. It appears to be a benign component library or application UI logic.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}