{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript class for the uniform distribution, including methods for calculating properties (mean, median, etc.) and distribution functions (CDF, PDF, quantile, etc.). It is intended for statistical computations related to the uniform distribution.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters from function arguments (a, b), instance property getters (a, b), and distribution function calls. No external data sources or user inputs are directly read in the code itself.",
  "sinks": "Distribution functions (cdf, logcdf, logpdf, mgf, pdf, quantile) use imported statistical functions, which are considered safe. No data leaks, network connections, or external data exfiltration are evident. No sensitive information handling or external communication occurs.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (a, b) are set during object construction and used internally. Distribution methods invoke imported functions with these parameters. There are no flows of untrusted data to external systems or sinks; the data flow is limited to calculations within the package.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard statistical class implementation with no unusual code, backdoors, or hidden behaviors. It contains comprehensive validation and encapsulation for parameters. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious dynamic code, or obfuscated segments are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a uniform distribution class with constructor validation, property accessors, and distribution functions. Validation ensures support bounds are numbers and ordered correctly. Distribution methods rely on imported standard statistical functions. No external data sources or network calls are present. The code structure is conventional, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is well-structured, with proper encapsulation, and uses safe, documented libraries. No anomalies, backdoors, or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a uniform distribution class for statistical computations, with no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. It correctly validates input and encapsulates properties, and relies on well-known, standard libraries. There is no indication of malware or security vulnerabilities within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}