{
  "purpose": "This code implements a JavaScript class for the uniform distribution, providing methods for calculating probability functions, statistical measures, and property getters for distribution parameters.",
  "sources": "Input data is primarily obtained from function parameters, such as distribution bounds and input values for calculations. No external or untrusted data sources are explicitly used in the code.",
  "sinks": "The functions perform mathematical calculations and property assignments; no data is sent over the network, stored, or written to files. No sinks indicative of malicious activity are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from method parameters (inputs) through mathematical functions to return calculated statistical values or distribution functions. Property setters update internal variables with validation but do not leak data externally.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs are present. The code strictly adheres to standard statistical distribution implementation patterns. No obfuscated or suspicious code structures are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a constructor for the uniform distribution with parameter validation, including checks for valid numeric inputs and logical bounds. It uses well-known utility functions for defining properties, getters, and validation. Distribution methods (CDF, logCDF, PDF, logPDF, MGF, quantile) are implemented as simple wrappers around imported standard library functions. The distribution parameters are stored privately with getters and setters that enforce valid ranges. No external data is read, no network or system operations are performed, and no suspicious or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a uniform distribution class with appropriate validation, property management, and method definitions. There is no indication of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It solely provides statistical functionality with no external data leaks or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}