{
  "purpose": "This code defines a performance monitoring class 'PM' that checks CPU, RAM, swap, and RSS metrics at regular intervals to detect overload conditions.",
  "sources": "Modules imported at the beginning: './modules/cpu', './modules/ram', './modules/swap', './modules/rss'. User or system data is read via these modules' fetchValueFn functions.",
  "sinks": "Data collected from fetchValueFn functions is stored in logs and used to compute averages; no data is directly sent or leaked externally within this code snippet.",
  "flows": "Fetch functions produce metric data; logs are maintained per module; overload detection is based on average metrics exceeding thresholds; events emitted on overload or recovery.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets; no obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution, and no unusual variables or control flow. The code structure and logic are typical for a monitoring utility.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class for periodic performance metric collection and overload detection. It imports modules presumed to fetch system metrics. The constructor initializes parameters and validates them, logging warnings for invalid configurations. The 'check' method adds modules to monitor if parameters are valid. The 'run' method schedules periodic metric fetching using setInterval, collecting results asynchronously, updating logs, and emitting events on overload or recovery. Error handling involves counting errors and emitting 'error' events, but no suspicious error patterns are evident. No external network calls or malicious behaviors are present. All code appears to be standard performance monitoring logic without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate system performance monitor with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The structure is typical for such utilities, with no obfuscated or suspicious code patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}