{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JavaScript class for interacting with the Tiltify API, fetching campaign data, donations, rewards, polls, challenges, schedules, and supporting campaigns.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters (campaign IDs, options) and environment data via 'access_token' set on the 'self' object. It also reads API response bodies from HTTP request callbacks.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent via HTTP requests with Authorization headers, and callback functions are called with parsed API responses. No direct data leaks or unsafe data sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (campaign IDs, options) flow into URL construction for API calls. The API responses are parsed and passed to callbacks, forming source-to-sink data flows. No untrusted data flows into system commands or insecure sinks.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials or secrets other than the 'access_token', which is expected. The code uses console logs for errors, which is benign but not ideal for production. No obfuscated or suspicious code structures are present. The code relies on 'request' and 'promise' modules, with no dynamic code execution or obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard API client wrapper, with methods for various campaign-related API endpoints. It uses callbacks for asynchronous requests and handles API responses with JSON parsing. No suspicious or malicious code patterns such as code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The access_token is passed from outside, which is standard. No hardcoded secrets or credentials other than the token, which is acceptable. Error handling is limited to console logs, which is not secure but not malicious. Overall, the code functions as intended without malicious intent or security issues.",
  "conclusion": "This is a typical API client implementation with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It securely uses an access token provided externally for authentication, and no suspicious code activities are evident. The security risk is minimal, mainly related to proper management of the access token outside this code. No malware or obfuscated code detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}