{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom web component 'sws-scrollable-container' that provides a styled, scrollable container with notifications and shadows indicating scroll position, primarily for UI enhancement.",
  "sources": "Inputs are the attributes set on the custom element (label, is-vertical, is-hide-notification, is-scrollable, is-custom-scrollbar, is-webkit-custom-scrollbar, notificationEnabled). Event listeners on 'resize' and 'scroll' are sources of dynamic data or triggers.",
  "sinks": "The scroll event handler triggers '_onScroll' which updates visual effects; attribute changes update internal properties; DOM manipulation occurs in methods like '_setShadow' and '_initialize'.",
  "flows": "Input attributes and window events (resize, scroll) flow into internal state updates; event handlers modify DOM styles and component state; visual updates are rendered based on internal property changes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code is a complex UI component with no external malicious calls or data leaks. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The only notable feature is the throttled resize handler, which is standard for performance optimization.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a typical implementation of a web component with style encapsulation, event handling, and dynamic visual effects. It uses throttling to optimize resize and scroll handling, ensuring performance. All code segments focus on UI rendering and style updates. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data theft, backdoors, or harmful side effects. The structure and content are consistent with standard UI component development, with no suspicious anomalies.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured web component designed for UI purposes, with no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not perform any harmful actions, external data leaks, or stealthy operations. Overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}