{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom web component <sws-scrollable-container> that manages a scrollable container with notifications and visual effects, primarily for UI enhancement and user experience.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from DOM elements (e.g., querySelector for DOM nodes), window events (resize, scroll), and internal component properties. It also references external CSS styles and listens to window resize events.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include setting style properties (via style.setProperty), setting attributes on DOM elements, and modifying innerHTML or textContent of SVG and other elements.",
  "flows": "Event listeners (resize, scroll) trigger internal methods (_initialize, _setShadow) which update style properties and component state. The component reacts to property changes (e.g., isVertical, notificationEnabled) and updates DOM attributes or styles accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains only UI component logic with no external data handling, network requests, or suspicious code patterns. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious activity is detected. No obfuscation or uncommon language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a custom web component with reactive properties, event handling, and CSS styling for a scrollable container UI element. It uses throttling for resize and scroll event handlers to optimize performance. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data theft, network communication, or system sabotage. The code appears to be a UI utility script, with comprehensive documentation and license comments, and employs common web component patterns. The use of throttling functions and DOM manipulations are consistent with UI enhancements. No external or hidden code, data exfiltration, or suspicious activity is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a legitimate UI component for a scrollable container, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It functions to improve user interface interactions and provides visual effects, with proper handling of events and styles. No security risks or malicious intent are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}