{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for parsing MIME types and media ranges, and determining the best media type match based on quality parameters, primarily used for content negotiation in HTTP headers.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters: mimeType, mediaRange, header strings, and supported types arrays. These are provided by external callers, likely user input or HTTP headers.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted input (such as HTTP headers) is used directly without validation, but this code only parses and evaluates data; it does not transmit or store data externally.",
  "flows": "The functions parse input strings into structured data; then, functions like fitnessAndQualityParsed and bestMatch evaluate and compare these data structures to select optimal MIME types based on 'q' parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The code adheres to standard parsing and comparison logic. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation for MIME type parsing and content negotiation. It correctly handles parsing of media types and quality parameters, and finds best matches based on those parameters. There is no malicious or suspicious logic involved. The data flow is limited to input parsing and comparison; no external calls, network operations, or side effects are present. The code does not perform any dangerous operations or access sensitive system information.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured library for MIME type parsing and selection. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities within this code segment. It can be safely used as part of a larger application handling HTTP content negotiation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}