{
  "purpose": "The code defines a GraphQL schema extension for a Product type with external fields, along with resolvers for fetching product data and calculating shipping estimates based on product attributes. It includes test cases for verifying shipping calculations.",
  "sources": "Input data in the mock objects within test cases, external data referenced by @external fields, and the executeGraphql function which executes GraphQL queries.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted input data from mocks that influence shipping calculation, and the execution of GraphQL queries which could process untrusted queries if not properly validated.",
  "flows": "Input mocks provide product data to resolvers which then compute shippingEstimate; the GraphQL query retrieves inStock and shippingEstimate based on these data flows.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code uses standard libraries and patterns. No unusual or suspicious code behaviors, backdoors, or obfuscated code present.",
  "analysis": "The code utilizes graphql-tag for schema parsing, extends a Product type with external fields, and implements resolvers for reference resolution and calculated fields. The test cases provide mock product data with different prices to test shipping estimates. The data flow involves mocks influencing resolver outputs, which is a typical testing setup. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious code behavior is detected. The calculation logic for shipping estimates is straightforward and safe. Overall, the code appears to be a standard implementation for GraphQL schema extension, with proper use of mocks for testing purposes, and no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical GraphQL schema extension with resolvers and test cases, showing no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is well-structured, and all data flows are benign. No security concerns are identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}