{
  "purpose": "This code provides custom video controls, including play, pause, stop, mute, volume, zoom, fullscreen, and progress management, for an HTMLVideoElement.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the videoElement parameter (DOM element or ID), options object, and user interactions (clicks, keypresses, mouse/touch events).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting videoElement properties (volume, currentTime, muted), DOM manipulation (adding/removing elements, styles), and fullscreen API calls. No network or data exfiltration functions are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions and DOM events to control video properties (play, pause, mute, seek, zoom). No evidence of data leakage or external communication pathways.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically creates and manipulates controls; no suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or obfuscation. All SVG icons are standard, and no hidden behaviors are evident. The event handlers are straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a comprehensive custom video control interface, handling user interactions such as clicks, touch, and keyboard input. It manages volume, seeking, zooming, and fullscreen toggling with standard DOM APIs. The code does not include any network communication, data collection, or external calls. No malicious code, such as reverse shells, data exfiltration, or system harm, is detected. The control flow is typical for UI controls, with no suspicious anomalies. The logic appears focused on enhancing user interaction without hidden or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of custom video controls with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It performs UI management and video property control solely within the client-side environment. No security risks or malware are identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}