{
  "purpose": "This code manages custom tooltip creation, display, positioning, and removal in response to user interactions such as mouse, focus, and touch events.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from DOM element attributes ('tooltip', 'aria-label', 'title') and event objects from user interactions (e.g., mouse events, keyboard events). It also reads window size and scroll positions.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation for creating, updating, and removing 'tool-tip' elements; setting styles and innerHTML of tooltip elements.",
  "flows": "Input attributes and events trigger tooltip creation/update; 'showTooltip' reads element attributes; 'tick' updates tooltip content if element attributes change; position calculations are based on element bounding rectangles and window size.",
  "anomalies": "Use of crypto.getRandomValues for UUID generation is standard, no suspicious obfuscation or dynamic code execution. No hardcoded credentials, network calls, or data exfiltration observed. The code is straightforward tooltip management logic without hidden or malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a Tooltipper class to handle tooltip display on user interactions. It uses standard DOM APIs, event listeners, and a UUID function based on crypto.getRandomValues for generating unique IDs. No external network calls, no data leaks, no backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. All interactions and manipulations are consistent with tooltip functionality. The code appears to be purely UI/UX related with no malicious intent or malicious behavior. No signs of malware, backdoors, or sabotage are present.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a standard implementation for managing tooltips on a webpage. It reads element attributes for tooltip text, handles user interactions to show/hide tooltips, and dynamically updates tooltip content and position. There are no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}