{
  "purpose": "This module provides various functions for compositing RGBA color values using different blend modes, primarily for image processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input color component values (sR, sG, sB, sA, dR, dG, dB, dA) passed as function parameters.",
  "sinks": "The functions return either arrays of RGBA values or packed Uint32 color values, which could be used elsewhere in the application.",
  "flows": "Input color components (sources) are processed through arithmetic operations, often involving normalization, blending calculations, and conversion to output color format.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses direct arithmetic calculations for blending modes; however, all operations are consistent with color blending functions. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity is present. No obfuscated or minified code, and the functions are purely computational with no external side-effects. The only dependency is 'common_1', which provides color conversion functions.",
  "analysis": "The code implements multiple standard blending modes (normal, multiply, screen, overlay, darken, lighten, hard light, difference, exclusion) using parameter inputs. It performs normalization, blending calculations, and converts back to RGBA values or Uint32 format. No input validation or security checks are evident, but as these are color calculations, that is typical. No network activity, file operations, or environment variable usage is observed. No code injection, malicious logic, or backdoors are present. The code appears to be a standard image compositing library adapted from 'Jimp'.",
  "conclusion": "There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage within this code. It solely performs color blending calculations for image processing. The code is well-structured, with no obfuscated or suspicious logic. The dependency on '@rgba-image/common' is benign. Overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}