{
  "purpose": "The code provides a function to generate an iterator that produces pseudorandom numbers from a Bernoulli distribution, with options for customization such as seed and number of iterations.",
  "sources": "Input data is primarily the probability parameter 'p' and optional configuration object 'options'. The 'p' parameter is validated at the start; options may include seed, prng, iteration count, etc.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the generator function 'rand', which produces pseudorandom numbers, and the iterator's 'next' method returning these values. No untrusted data is written or transmitted in the code.",
  "flows": "Input 'p' flows into validation; options influence the setup of the pseudorandom generator 'rand'. The 'next' function calls 'rand()' to produce a number, which is then returned as part of the iterator object.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Usage of standard library functions for property definitions and random number generation appears standard and appropriate. No suspicious network activity or data leaks evident.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly implements a standard pseudorandom Bernoulli distribution generator with configurable options. It uses established libraries for randomness, property definition, and validation. The code includes proper validation for inputs and options, and adheres to iterator protocols. There are no hidden or obfuscated behaviors, no code injection, and no data exfiltration mechanisms present. All data flows are benign, involving only internal state management and random number generation. The code structure and dependencies suggest legitimate utility code rather than malicious or sabotaging code.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate implementation of a Bernoulli distribution random number generator, with no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. It utilizes standard libraries and patterns, and its data flow is straightforward. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}