{
  "purpose": "This code provides a factory function to generate an iterator for producing pseudorandom Bernoulli-distributed numbers, with configurable options for seed, PRNG, and iteration count.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters such as the success probability 'p', options object (including seed, prng, iteration count), and PRNG state. It also reads the PRNG's internal seed and state properties.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs an iterator object with methods and properties, and internally invokes the '@stdlib/random-base-bernoulli' factory to generate random numbers. It does not directly write or leak data outside its scope.",
  "flows": "Input validation flows from 'p' and 'options' to internal configuration; the PRNG's seed and state are accessed and potentially copied; the iterator's 'next' function calls the PRNG to generate values; accessor functions retrieve or set the PRNG state and seed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, obfuscated patterns, or hidden behaviors. The code follows standard practices for setting up an iterator with configurable PRNG options. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code validates input parameters rigorously, ensuring 'p' is a probability and options are objects with valid 'iter' values. It uses external utility modules for safe property definitions and handles PRNG configuration flexibly. The iterator pattern follows JavaScript conventions, exposing 'next', 'return', and optionally iterator protocol symbols. No external network or system modifications are present. It only generates pseudorandom numbers based on provided parameters, with optional seed and state management.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation of a Bernoulli random number generator iterator with configurable options. No malicious or suspicious behaviors are evident. It adheres to safe coding practices, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}