{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a complex React component integrated with ECharts for map visualizations, dynamic data fetching, and map interactions.",
  "sources": "fetch API calls to 'api/common/getMapUnionDataByCode' and 'api/common/getFileDataByParam'; localStorage access for token; use of external dependencies for React, ECharts, clone, and other libraries.",
  "sinks": "fetch responses potentially processing data for map and chart rendering; setting of map options and data; dynamic injection of HTML for tooltips including images and styles.",
  "flows": "Data fetched from APIs (sources) flows into map/chart rendering functions; user interactions (click, dblclick, contextmenu) trigger methods that modify map/chart state and fetch/update data; tooltip formatting functions process data and generate HTML content for display.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes extensive tooltip formatter functions that generate HTML strings with inline styles, including image tags and style attributes. Use of 'localStorage' for token suggests handling authentication tokens, potentially for authenticated API calls. The code dynamically constructs style strings and HTML content with data-driven values, which could be exploited for XSS if data is untrusted. However, no explicit malicious code, backdoors, or unauthorized data exfiltration is evident. There are numerous complex functions, some with deep nested logic and string concatenations that could be suspicious if data is untrusted, but no clear malicious payloads are identified.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component utilizing external libraries to render maps and charts with rich interactive tooltips. Data is fetched from API endpoints using tokens stored in localStorage, which may be sensitive. Tooltip formatter functions generate HTML strings with inline styles, images, and dynamic content based on data properties. While this complexity can potentially be used maliciously if data sources are compromised, there is no direct evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or hidden backdoors. The code's main focus is on visualization and interaction logic. No suspicious network activity, hidden code, or obfuscated sections are present beyond the normal complexity expected in such visualization components.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a sophisticated React component for map visualization with data fetching and dynamic tooltips. No explicit malicious intent or malware is detected. Data flows are mostly visualization-related, with some potentially sensitive API calls and token usage, but no signs of sabotage or unauthorized data exfiltration. The risk level is low.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}