{
  "purpose": "The source code appears to be a React component for rendering interactive geographic maps with data visualization, utilizing libraries such as ECharts, React, and custom map handling classes.",
  "sources": "Reads data from external APIs ('api/common/getMapUnionDataByCode', 'api/common/getFileDataByParam'), local storage ('token'), and various input properties such as dataSource, configuration, and parameters.",
  "sinks": "Network requests (fetch calls), localStorage access, dynamic map registration, rendering of images and tooltips, and interactions triggering callback functions, potentially allowing data exfiltration or manipulation.",
  "flows": "Data flows from API calls and local storage to the component's state and props, then to rendering functions and event handlers. External API responses are incorporated into map data, and user interactions (click, double-click, context menu) invoke callback functions with data that could include sensitive info.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of deeply nested and complex functions with minimal comments, potential for unintended data collection, especially through fetch calls that include tokens in headers. Use of dynamic property definitions and numerous configuration objects increases attack surface. No obvious hardcoded credentials, but extensive API access suggests risk if token is compromised. The code heavily manipulates tooltip formatting and map data, which could be exploited if malicious API responses are injected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React-based map visualization component with extensive dynamic data handling. It fetches map data and file data via API calls, passing authorization tokens stored in localStorage. It registers multiple maps with ECharts, handles user interaction events, and dynamically formats tooltips with rich HTML. The code includes functions for data transformation and map management. No direct evidence of malicious payloads like crypto mining, system damage, or unauthorized data transmission beyond fetch calls and local storage reads. However, the use of fetch with tokens and detailed data formatting functions could be exploited if API responses are compromised or if tokens are stolen, enabling data leakage. The code appears to focus on visualization and interaction, with no clear backdoors or malware-like behavior detected. Overall, the main security concern is data exposure through API responses and token handling.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a complex React map visualization component that interacts with APIs and manages sensitive data such as tokens. No explicit malicious behavior or malware signatures are evident. Risks primarily relate to data exfiltration if API endpoints or tokens are compromised. The code does not perform any suspicious activities like system access or hidden data collection but warrants review of API response validation and token security.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.45,
  "report_number": 5
}