{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a complex React component that integrates with ECharts for map visualization, including map data retrieval, dynamic options generation, and user interaction handling.",
  "sources": "Fetch API calls to endpoints 'api/common/getMapUnionDataByCode' and 'api/common/getFileDataByParam' which retrieve map data and files, respectively. Local storage access to retrieve 'token'. User inputs and props influence data flows, such as configuration parameters, map codes, and map data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests with sensitive data (e.g., token, map codes), dynamic HTML generation with embedded data, and interactions with the ECharts instance which could be manipulated if inputs are malicious.",
  "flows": "Data flows from API fetch responses and local storage token into dynamic map configurations and tooltip rendering. User interactions (click, double click, right-click) trigger callback functions and map state changes, potentially passing untrusted data into chart actions. Data from API responses is used directly to generate map options and visualizations, which can be exploited if malicious data is served.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of extensive inline code, complex nested functions, and dynamic string generation for HTML and styles, which may obscure malicious intent. Usage of fetch with concatenated URL parameters suggests possible injection points. No hardcoded credentials are evident, but token handling and external data retrieval could be exploited if endpoints are compromised. No suspicious code or backdoors directly detected, but the code’s complexity and dynamic data handling warrant caution.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React-based map visualization component that interacts with external APIs to retrieve map data and files, using tokens stored in local storage for authorized requests. It dynamically constructs chart options and map layers based on fetched data and user configuration. User interactions trigger callbacks and manipulate the ECharts instance, with potential for malicious data injection if external APIs return tampered data. No evidence of malicious payloads such as system access, file modification, or hidden backdoors is present. The code’s structure and data flows align with a sophisticated visualization tool rather than malicious intent. However, the reliance on external endpoints and dynamic HTML generation presents supply chain and data integrity risks. No obfuscated or minified malicious code detected.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a complex, feature-rich React component for geographic data visualization with ECharts, primarily fetching and rendering map data. No clear malicious behavior or malware found. The main security concern relates to reliance on external data sources and the handling of dynamic HTML content, which could be exploited if external endpoints are compromised. Overall, low confidence that this code is malicious, but caution is advised due to its dynamic nature.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 1
}