{
  "purpose": "The code implements deep cloning of DOM nodes, including handling styles, images, iframes, and pseudo-elements, primarily to facilitate rendering or capturing of DOM content as images or in a canvas.",
  "sources": "Data is read from element styles, attributes, inline CSS, stylesheet rules, images (via src attributes), iframe content, and document type information.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include setting src attributes for images and styles, writing to cloned document via document.write, loading external resources (stylesheets, images, fonts), and manipulating iframes with embedded content.",
  "flows": "Input sources such as styleSheet hrefs, image srcs, inline styles, and iframe content are loaded and incorporated into cloned nodes, potentially involving external network requests for images, stylesheets, and fonts. These data can flow into styles, inline images, or embedded iframe content.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive resource inlining and cloning without evident validation of resource sources, but this is consistent with its purpose. No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors are visible. The inline image and font inlining involve network fetches, but no malicious behavior is detected. The code does not execute untrusted code or perform covert data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code's main function is to clone DOM nodes with inline styles, images, fonts, and iframe content, which involves resource fetching and inline embedding. It employs methods like fetch to retrieve external resources and replace or embed them. It manages iframe cloning and resource loading carefully, including handling data URIs. No suspicious or malicious code such as network data exfiltration, reverse shells, or stealthy data theft is present. The resource inlining might be used for rendering purposes, not for malicious activities. The only potential concern is extensive network fetching, but this aligns with the code's purpose rather than malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a DOM cloning utility designed for rendering or capturing purposes. It handles resource inlining and iframe cloning with careful resource management. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or covert data exfiltration. The overall security risk is low, and the code appears legitimate for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}