{
  "purpose": "Defines classes for nodes in a graph-based computation system, including static, computed, and general nodes, with methods for handling execution, results, logging, and dependencies.",
  "sources": "Data sources include constructor parameters, node input properties, environment variables (implied through agent functions), and nested graph loaders.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are logging functions, console outputs, network communications (via agent functions), and result assignments that could leak data if misused.",
  "flows": "Data flows from sources such as input parameters, environment, or nested graphs to sink points like logging, console output, or agent function execution. For example, agent functions are invoked with context derived from sources; results are logged or returned, and dependencies are managed via waitlists and pending sets.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex, dynamic behaviors such as asynchronous agent function execution, nested graph handling, and agent filter application. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. Usage of console.log for debugging is present but not malicious. No signs of obfuscated code or malicious intent like data exfiltration, mining, or reverse shells.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a structured system for managing graph nodes in a computational framework. It manages dependencies, handles retries, timeouts, logging, and nested graphs, all of which are typical for such systems. No evidence suggests malicious behavior such as secret data exfiltration, network attacks, or sabotage. The only notable concern is the use of console.log for logging and debugging, which is not inherently malicious but could be misused if logs contain sensitive data. There are no signs of hardcoded secrets, external network communication outside agent functions, or hidden backdoors. The design seems to emphasize flexibility, debugging, and robustness rather than malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "Based on this review, the code is a standard implementation for managing computational nodes within a graph framework. It does not demonstrate malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage. It appears safe under normal operation, with typical debugging features present. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}