{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes for nodes in a computational graph, including their states, execution, logging, and data handling. It is intended for managing data flow and execution in a graph-based system.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include node parameters, nested graphs, 'if'/'unless' conditions, and agent functions. Data is read when nodes execute their agent functions or access properties like 'params' and 'inputs'.",
  "sinks": "Results of node execution are assigned to node 'result' properties and passed to subsequent nodes via 'onSetResult'. Logging functions output to console based on 'console' configuration. No explicit data leaks or network communications are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (params, inputs, nested graphs) through agent function execution, producing 'result' which flows to other nodes via 'onSetResult'. Conditional skips depend on 'if'/'unless' sources evaluated during execution.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or hidden backdoors. Use of console logging is controlled via configuration, but no evidence suggests malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a node-based data processing framework with classes for standard, computed, and static nodes. Input sources are processed to initialize data dependencies, and execution involves asynchronous agent functions with timeout handling. Logging is configurable, and error handling includes retries. No network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. Security considerations such as proper error handling and timeout management are implemented, but no vulnerabilities are apparent within this scope.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a node graph processing system with no malicious behavior or security risks detected. It is well-structured for its purpose, with appropriate safeguards and no suspicious patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}