{
  "purpose": "The code implements a GraphQL normalization utility to process GraphQL query data, manage entity collections, and handle cache. It helps to normalize GraphQL responses for easier state management in applications.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the input parameter 'data' in the 'normalize' function, from cached data via 'cache.get', and from the 'walk' function that traverses the input data structure.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data could be assigned to the normalized object and stored in the cache. However, there are no direct sinks that send data over the network, write to files, or execute code based on untrusted inputs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the input 'data' into the 'normalize' function, through the 'walk' traversal process, and then into the 'assoc' function which populates the normalized entities object. Cache reads and writes also represent data flow, but only for caching normalized data.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains standard utility functions for object handling, no hardcoded credentials, or suspicious code snippets. The use of 'console.warn' for cache errors and deprecation warnings is benign. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive utility for normalizing GraphQL responses. It uses safe JavaScript practices, with no evidence of obfuscated or malicious code. Cache handling is straightforward and exception handling is limited to logging warnings. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The logic for managing entities and traversing data structures appears legitimate. No hardcoded secrets or harmful behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured GraphQL normalization utility with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It operates purely within the scope of data processing and caching, with no network or system-level threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}