{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript library 'GraphQLNormalizr' for normalizing GraphQL query responses into structured entity collections, facilitating cache management and data handling in GraphQL clients.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the 'data' parameter in the 'normalize' function and the GraphQL query string in the 'parse$1' function. The code also reads from a 'cache' Map object to implement caching.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'cache' Map where data is stored, and the 'console.warn' statements which output warnings. The code does not execute external commands or network requests.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input ('data' parameter or GraphQL query string), through normalization and parsing functions, into internal data structures ('normalized' object and cache). Cache retrieval and storage are performed with 'cache.get' and 'cache.set'.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials or backdoors. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are present. The code uses standard JavaScript features and libraries for GraphQL AST manipulation. Warnings are used for deprecation and configuration notices but do not indicate malicious intent. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or system-level commands are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard GraphQL AST parsing and normalization procedures with caching mechanisms, options for handling connections and type mapping, and utility functions for object manipulation. No indicators of malicious behavior such as hidden network calls, data exfiltration, or code injection are present. All data flows are contained within the application scope, and external interactions are limited to console warnings and cache operations. The use of standard libraries and absence of suspicious code patterns suggest this is a legitimate utility library.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a well-structured GraphQL normalization utility with no malicious intent. It performs typical data normalization, caching, and query parsing tasks using safe JavaScript practices. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}