{
  "purpose": "A GraphQL normalization utility that processes GraphQL responses, manages entity normalization, and modifies GraphQL ASTs to ensure required fields are present.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from GraphQL responses, including nested objects and arrays; accesses AST nodes during query parsing and modification.",
  "sinks": "Modifies GraphQL AST nodes to insert fields; caches normalized data in an in-memory Map; logs warnings to console.",
  "flows": "Source data flows from GraphQL responses into normalization functions; AST modifications flow from utility functions into GraphQL query ASTs; cache reads/writes flow between normalization and in-memory storage.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious patterns detected. Uses standard JavaScript practices; no external network activity; cache handling is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard GraphQL normalization utility that manipulates ASTs to include necessary fields, normalizes nested data into entity maps, and caches results. It employs common utility functions for type checking, property access, and data transformation. No signs of malicious behavior such as network calls, data exfiltration, or code injection. The cache is an internal Map with error handling via warnings. The code is clear, well-structured, and uses standard practices. No obfuscation or malicious constructs are present. The deprecation warning for 'exclude' is benign. Overall, the code is a legitimate, safe utility for GraphQL response normalization.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured GraphQL normalization utility with no malicious intent or obfuscation. It performs expected functions safely, with no indicators of malicious activity or security risks. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2) are appropriate and consistent with the code's behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}