{
  "purpose": "The code implements a GraphQL normalization utility that processes GraphQL query responses, extracting entities and flattening nested data for easier cache management and state normalization.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters such as 'data' in 'normalize', GraphQL query strings in 'parse$1', and internal object properties and fields within the functions.",
  "sinks": "Data is written to the 'normalized' object and potentially to the cache Map. The code also performs console warnings and uses 'JSON.stringify' on data objects for caching purposes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through recursive 'walk' function to build normalized entities, with source-to-sink paths involving reading from input data and writing to the cache or normalized entity store.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive dynamic object manipulation, including 'Object.entries', recursive walks, and dynamic property access, but no suspicious hardcoded secrets or backdoors are evident. It logs warnings and catches exceptions during cache operations, which is typical error handling.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard GraphQL normalization utility. It reads input data and processes nested structures, extracting entities based on __typename and id fields, with configurable options. The cache mechanism uses JSON serialization, which is common for caching but not inherently malicious. No code injection, data leakage, or suspicious network activity is present. There are no signs of malware such as data exfiltration, system commands, or backdoors. The use of console warnings and try-catch blocks for cache operations are standard practices. Overall, the code performs its intended normalization function without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical GraphQL normalization library with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It reads input data, processes it to normalize entities, and employs caching with error handling. There are no suspicious patterns, hardcoded secrets, or malicious network activity. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}