{
  "purpose": "This code provides a utility for normalizing GraphQL query responses, managing entity relationships, and enhancing GraphQL query ASTs with required fields.",
  "sources": "Data inputs are primarily from function parameters: 'data' in normalize(), and 'qs' in parse(). It reads object properties, array contents, and GraphQL AST nodes.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the cache (Map object) for storing normalized data and console warnings. No direct data leakage or external network calls are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input 'data' through the normalize() function, which traverses nested objects/arrays, normalizes entities, and optionally caches results. The parse() function modifies GraphQL query ASTs before execution.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic property access, multiple utility functions for object and type handling, and conditional cache reads/writes with try-catch. No hardcoded secrets or malicious code present. The caching mechanism appears straightforward. No obfuscation or suspicious obfuscated code identified.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a well-structured GraphQL normalization utility. It includes functions to handle various data types, process GraphQL ASTs, and manage entity normalization with caching. No suspicious external calls, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior is evident. The code avoids minification or obfuscation, and no backdoors or hidden functionalities are detected. It mainly manipulates data structures, ASTs, and performs console warnings for deprecated options or usage issues.",
  "conclusion": "This code serves as a GraphQL normalization utility with no apparent malicious intent or malware. It maintains security best practices, uses safe data handling, and does not perform any harmful actions. The only minor concern is reliance on console warnings for deprecated options, which is standard practice. Overall, the code appears safe and intended for legitimate use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}