{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component for an interactive image cropping and hotspot adjustment tool, allowing users to modify image crop regions and hotspots via mouse interactions, with visual rendering on a canvas.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from props: 'value' (hotspot and crop info), 'image' (dimensions), and mouse events (position).",
  "sinks": "Uses 'onChange' and 'onChangeEnd' callbacks to propagate modified values; draws on the canvas context.",
  "flows": "Input props are processed to compute drawing parameters; mouse interactions trigger state updates and invoke 'onChange' callbacks; drawing functions render visual elements based on current state and props.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The code relies solely on standard libraries ('react', 'lodash') and local utility modules. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or unusual variables are found. The functions are well-structured for UI interactions. No signs of malware or malicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a React-based image cropping tool with functionalities for moving, resizing, and cropping images using mouse events. It employs standard React lifecycle methods and event handling patterns. Utility functions for drawing shapes and handling point-in-region checks are used. The module's dependencies are common, and there are no indications of code injection, malicious network activity, or data exfiltration. No hidden backdoors or suspicious external calls are observed. The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured UI component without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a normal implementation of an image cropping and hotspot adjustment React component. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code is straightforward, using standard libraries and patterns, with no suspicious signals.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}