{
  "purpose": "The code provides various utility functions and a Grunt task to process includes for JavaScript and CSS files, generate hash-verified HTML tags, clone files, and create CSV reports of file sizes. Its main purpose is automating build and inclusion workflows for web projects.",
  "sources": "Reads JSON configuration files, file paths from options, file contents via fs.readFileSync, and input files specified in JSON structures. Reads and writes files through grunt.file methods.",
  "sinks": "Writes output HTML tags to specified files, generates JSON files, and CSV reports. Reads and copies source files based on configuration. Uses MD5 hashing for cache busting in HTML tags.",
  "flows": "Reads configuration from JSON files → processes file paths and includes → generates output files (HTML, JSON, CSV) with file paths and hashes. Uses file contents to generate hashes and include references.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. Functions perform standard file operations, string manipulations, and configuration processing. No dynamic code execution, eval, or obfuscated code detected. Error handling via grunt.util.error is standard for build scripts.",
  "analysis": "The script is a build utility for processing file includes, cloning files, and generating HTML tags with hashed file paths for cache busting. It performs extensive file path manipulations, JSON parsing, and file copying, all of which are typical for build automation. No signs of malicious activity such as network communication, system disruption, or data exfiltration. Functions are straightforward and documented. The use of MD5 hashing is for cache busting, not for security purposes. The code handles configuration and file management without any suspicious or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate build automation script for processing web assets with no indications of malicious intent or malware. It performs standard file operations, configuration processing, and output generation typical in build workflows. No malicious behavior or security risks detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}