{
  "purpose": "This code manages dynamic loading and normalization of CSS styles for Angular UI Router states, including injecting <link> elements into the DOM and handling style dependencies during state transitions.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from state configuration (state.data.css), URL strings for styles, and injected style definitions through functions.",
  "sinks": "Creates DOM <link> elements to load stylesheets, manipulates element.disabled properties, and removes stylesheet elements from the DOM.",
  "flows": "State configuration CSS data -> normalize style definitions -> load stylesheet elements -> insert into DOM -> enable styles on transition completion -> remove old styles.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically creates stylesheet links with external URLs, but uses a global loadStylesheet function without validation, which could be manipulated if loadStylesheet is compromised. The DEBUG flag conditionally allows reset functions. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code patterns are evident. No code injection, data leaks, or backdoors are detected. The code appears to be standard for dynamic CSS management, with no malicious intent or hidden behavior.",
  "analysis": "The script normalizes style definitions provided in the state data, loads stylesheets through a globally expected 'loadStylesheet' function, and manages their insertion/removal during state transitions. It broadcasts events for loading states and temporarily disables styles during transitions for smoothness. No use of eval, Function constructor, or other dynamic code execution is present. The only external dependency is 'loadStylesheet' which must be loaded beforehand. The code does not perform any network requests itself besides stylesheet loading, nor does it access sensitive data. The code structure and variables are consistent with legitimate style management functionality. There are no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage, though reliance on external functions like loadStylesheet introduces dependency on external code integrity. No suspicious patterns or obfuscation detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate AngularJS module for dynamic CSS management tied to UI Router state transitions. It normalizes style definitions, loads stylesheets dynamically, and manages their lifecycle. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage evident. The only potential concern is dependency on an external 'loadStylesheet' function, which should be trusted. Overall, the code appears safe and purpose-driven without hidden malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}