{
  "purpose": "The code defines a comprehensive JavaScript SDK for interacting with the Serpstat API, including request management, data caching, and various analytical methods for SEO/SEM data collection and processing.",
  "sources": "Inputs originate from function parameters, URL parameters, and data returned from API requests, especially from getUri method which fetches data over HTTP/HTTPS or Node.js protocols. The code reads URL parameters, API responses, and function arguments.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data flows occur when API responses are processed and returned to the caller, especially via the getUri method. Data from API responses is parsed and returned as objects or tables. Additionally, dynamic code encoding/decoding functions such as 'encodeCode' for SQL or Google Sheets integration may process external data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from API responses through normalizeData, then into Table objects, which are returned to the user. User input parameters (queries, URLs, domains) are processed and sanitized but could be misused if input validation is bypassed. The functions for making API requests handle data over network with cache, and responses are parsed and transformed.",
  "anomalies": "No signs of hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code includes extensive utility functions, request rate limiting, and data serialization. Functions like 'encodeCode' suggest encoding/decoding mechanisms, but these are standard for handling special characters in SQL or Google Sheets integration. No suspicious URL connections, system commands, or hidden network behaviors are present. The code does not perform any obfuscated code execution or dynamic eval; encoding functions are straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code is a large SDK for API interaction with multiple request and data processing functions. It includes caching, rate limiting, and extensive data transformation utilities. The presence of functions like 'encodeCode' and Google Sheets/SQL integrations are standard for data handling. The code manages API tokens and network requests carefully, with no signs of unauthorized data exfiltration, system modification, or hidden connections. No hardcoded secrets or malicious behavior indicators are detected. The code's structure and functions align with a legitimate SDK, with thorough handling of network requests, caching, and data processing, with no malicious or sabotage signs.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a comprehensive, legitimate SDK for the Serpstat API, with no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It is designed for SEO data collection and processing, with extensive utility functions and network request management. No indicators of malicious intent, data leakage, or sabotage are found. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}