{
  "purpose": "This React Native component implements a customizable progress bar with support for determinate and indeterminate states, animations, and styling.",
  "sources": "Reads include component props such as 'progress', 'indeterminate', 'width', and event handlers like 'onLayout'. It also reads internal state variables like 'animationValue' and 'progress' Animated.Values. It accesses layout dimensions via 'event.nativeEvent.layout.width'.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or effects could occur if untrusted data influences style or layout properties, but no direct sinks for sensitive data, network, or file system are present. Animation values are set based on props but are local to the component.",
  "flows": "Input flows from component props into internal Animated.Values and state, which then influence style transformations and layout. The 'progress' and 'indeterminate' props modify animations and visual appearance, with flows managed through animation functions like 'animate()' and 'componentWillReceiveProps'.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors are present. The code uses standard React Native animation APIs and safe practices. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution functions (e.g., 'eval') are detected. The code is clean and well-structured.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a React Native component for a progress bar, managing both determinate and indeterminate states via animated values. It properly handles prop updates and re-animations. The use of 'Animated' API appears standard, with no signs of malicious behavior. The layout handling and style interpolations are typical for such components. There are no hardcoded secrets, network activity, or suspicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React Native progress bar component with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It operates solely within the UI layer, with safe usage of animations and layout handling. Overall, it appears secure and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}