{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a style formatter class 'SC' for generating CSS or Sass-like rules based on provided declarations, mixins, and parameters. It is used for formatting style rules, variables, and declarations in a styling extension context.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from parameters ('params'), method arguments ('declarations', 'selector', 'identifier', etc.), and external functions imported from 'zeplin-extension-style-kit/utils' and 'zeplin-extension-style-kit/declarations/mixin'.",
  "sinks": "The code generates string outputs for style rules, variables, and mixin includes; it does not directly write to files, network, or execute external commands. No untrusted data is written to sensitive sinks.",
  "flows": "Input data from method arguments flows into formatting functions, generating string outputs for style rules, variables, and declarations. No data is used insecurely or in a way that would lead to code injection or data leaks.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses standard style generation logic. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code patterns are evident. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. No indications of malicious backdoors or data exfiltration mechanisms.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class 'SC' responsible for formatting style declarations and rules for a styling extension system. It utilizes imported utility functions for generating identifiers, colors, and checking HTML tags. The functions perform standard operations such as filtering declarations based on parameters, generating variable names, and creating rule sets. No external network access, code execution, or data leakage mechanisms are present. The code's behavior is consistent with style formatting, with no signs of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It processes input data to produce style strings safely and predictably.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate style formatting utility with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It solely formats style-related data for output without any suspicious operations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}