{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate CSS or stylesheet-like syntax based on declarations and parameters, likely for styling purposes in a Zeplin extension.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the container, params object, and declaration objects (e.g., p, childDeclarations, parentDeclarations, etc.). The getValue method on declaration objects is also a source of data, as well as the container and params for color resolution.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs strings representing style rules, variables, and at-rules, which are output to be used as stylesheet content. No direct output to external systems or network is observed.",
  "flows": "Input data from declarations, container, and parameters flow through filtering and formatting functions, ultimately generating style rule strings and variables. These strings are returned by methods such as ruleSet, atRule, declaration, and variable.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code or hardcoded credentials are present. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is detected. The only notable pattern is the use of string concatenation to generate stylesheet code, which is standard for such functions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a stylesheet generator class that formats color variables, filters declarations based on user options, and outputs CSS-like rules and variables. It uses input objects and utility functions to generate consistent style code. The logic is straightforward, focusing on formatting and filtering. No network activity, system modification, or suspicious behavior is detected. The use of external utility functions is safe assuming they do not contain malicious code, which cannot be verified here. Overall, the code does not perform any malicious actions, and there are no indications of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a stylesheet formatting utility, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It functions to generate style rules based on provided declarations and parameters. It appears safe and does not exhibit malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}