{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to analyze an array of objects or scalars to infer the common data type for each attribute or the entire array if scalars are provided.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the function parameter 'objArr' (either an array of objects or scalars). It processes this data directly within functions like inferify and infer_types.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily processes data in-memory and does not contain network, file system, or external system interactions. It does not write or send data externally, nor does it execute commands or evaluate code dynamically.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameter 'objArr' into normalization and type inference functions, with no external data or system calls. The flow is straightforward: input data -> normalization/inference -> output.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. The only minor unusual aspect is the 'infer_types' function sampling only up to 10 items, which is benign. No obfuscation or malicious constructs are present. The comments are benign and aimed at clarity.",
  "analysis": "The script analyzes data types of input arrays or objects using regex-based checks and sample-based inference for objects. All functions operate solely on input data with no external interactions or code execution. The code appears well-structured, with no signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or malware. It does not perform any network communication, system modifications, or data exfiltration. The use of regular expressions for type checking is standard practice and does not introduce security concerns. No anomalies or suspicious patterns are detected. The code's purpose is data type inference, with clear logic and no suspicious side effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign data type inference utility with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It performs in-memory analysis solely based on provided data, with no external dependencies or side effects. Overall, it is safe for use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}