{
  "purpose": "To infer the data types of elements within an array or the attributes of objects in an array, primarily for schema analysis or validation purposes.",
  "sources": "The function 'inferify' reads input data from the parameters 'objArr' (array of objects or scalars), and within helper functions, it reads individual values for type inference.",
  "sinks": "The code does not explicitly write data to external sources, network, or system files. No untrusted data is transmitted or stored externally. No security-sensitive operations or system modifications are performed.",
  "flows": "The main data flow involves receiving input data, normalizing values, testing them against various regular expressions to determine type, and returning the inferred type. In the case of objects, it collects sample values for attributes and infers their types recursively.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. The code employs standard type inference techniques and straightforward control flow. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs data type inference on provided arrays, using regex tests and normalization to identify types such as boolean, integer, float, date, and number. It includes functions for normalizing input data, executing regex tests, and recursively inferring types of object attributes. The logic is clear, standard, and free from suspicious or malicious constructs. There are no signs of malware, secret backdoors, or malicious data leaks. It strictly analyzes input data for type detection without side effects or external communication.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a benign utility for data type inference. No malicious intent or suspicious behavior is identified. The code employs standard practices and does not exhibit signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}