{
  "purpose": "The code defines gulp tasks to invoke build and compile processes using an external Builder.js module.",
  "sources": "Require statements for '../metaphorjs-build/builder/Builder.js' and gulp task definitions.",
  "sinks": "Method calls to buildAll() and compileAll() methods of the Builder object.",
  "flows": "Require Builder.js -> invoke buildAll() or compileAll() methods.",
  "anomalies": "Use of require with relative paths that could potentially load malicious code if the Builder.js file is compromised; no input validation or dynamic input handling; no unusual code constructs, but reliance on external files could pose risks if compromised.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up gulp tasks ('default', 'build', 'compile') that require an external JavaScript module ('Builder.js') located in a relative path. Each task calls methods on the imported Builder object. No user input or untrusted data is handled within this snippet. The code's behavior hinges on the contents of the external Builder.js. If the external file is malicious or compromised, it could perform malicious actions when invoked. The code itself appears to be standard task definitions without obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or suspicious patterns. The reliance on external modules is a common pattern in build scripts but can be risky if the external file is tampered with. Overall, the code appears straightforward with no inherent malicious behavior, but the external dependency's integrity is critical.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical gulp task setup that relies on an external Builder.js module to perform build actions. There is no direct evidence of malicious intent within this code snippet; however, it depends heavily on the security of the external Builder.js file. The structure and logic are standard, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior. The risk primarily depends on external integrity, not on this code itself.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}