{
  "purpose": "A LightningRpc class facilitating communication with a Lightning node via UNIX socket, providing methods for various RPC commands.",
  "sources": "The socketPath parameter used to establish a connection; method and params passed to call() function; JSON payload constructed within call().",
  "sinks": "client.write() sending JSON string over the socket; data event receiving response data; console.debug outputs.",
  "flows": "call() creates connection -> constructs payload -> writes JSON to socket -> receives data -> resolves promise with response.",
  "anomalies": "No malicious code, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. Dynamic method creation is standard for RPC clients. No suspicious network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard Lightning RPC client using UNIX socket communication. It defines a set of RPC methods, dynamically assigns them, and sends JSON payloads over the socket. No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or malicious payloads are present. The dynamic method creation is typical for such clients. The code does not perform any obfuscated or malicious activities. The socket communication is local, with no external network activity beyond the intended RPC commands. The scores assigned in the reports (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: ~0.1-0.2) are consistent with the code's behavior. The only potential concern is the lack of validation of method names or parameters, but this is standard for RPC wrappers and not malicious. Overall, the code appears safe and standard, with no signs of malicious activity or supply chain compromise.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward, standard Lightning RPC client with no malicious, obfuscated, or high-risk features. The dynamic method creation and socket communication are typical patterns. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The assigned malware score of 0, obfuscated score of 0, and low security risk (~0.1-0.2) are appropriate. The code can be considered safe for use in supply chain contexts, assuming external validation of parameters if needed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}