{
  "purpose": "Provides a simple tweening function for animations with customizable easing curves.",
  "sources": "Imports or external data inputs are not explicitly read; the code mainly processes function parameters and configuration objects.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the 'update' callback, which receives computed intermediate values during the animation. No direct data leaks or malicious sinks are present.",
  "flows": "The code flows from function inputs (from, to, time, easing) through easing computations, then through the animation loop via requestAnimationFrame, calling the update callback with interpolated values.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes a warning about 'TweenLite' ease objects but does not process or execute any untrusted external code. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are observed. Usage of a console.warn suggests potential developer notification but not malicious intent. No suspicious network activity or file operations are present. The code is clean and focused on animation easing.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a tween function with easing capabilities, including several predefined Bezier curves. It performs parameter validation, easing calculations, and an animation loop with promise support and cancellation. No external inputs are read beyond function parameters; no network, file, or environment variable interactions are present. The warning about 'TweenLite' ease objects is benign and indicates incomplete support for third-party easing objects. Overall, the code is a standard, well-structured tween implementation with no malicious indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate tweening utility for animations, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It does not include harmful network activity, data theft, or backdoors. The only noteworthy aspect is a warning about unsupported easing object types, which does not pose security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}