{
  "purpose": "The code provides a simple tweening function for animations, allowing smooth property transitions over a specified duration with customizable easing curves.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration objects ('from', 'to', 'time', 'update', 'easing'), and potentially input data passed to the 'update' callback during animation frames.",
  "sinks": "The 'update' callback receives interpolated property values; these are not directly used for data leakage or malicious effects. The code does not write to external systems or data sinks.",
  "flows": "The source data ('from', 'to', 'time', 'easing') flows through the 'microtween' function, which calculates interpolated values each animation frame and passes them to the 'update' callback, culminating in resolving the promise.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes a warning about TweenLite ease objects but does not process or execute external code or dynamic code execution. No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors are observed. The presence of complex bezier easing calculations appears to be standard for smooth animations.",
  "analysis": "The script is a self-contained tweening utility with modular support for different easing functions, including predefined Bezier curves. It uses standard techniques like requestAnimationFrame for smooth updates and Promises for asynchronous operation. There are no indications of malicious network activity, data theft, system modification, or hidden backdoors. The warning regarding TweenLite ease objects is superficial and not implemented in a way that could lead to malicious behavior. The code is primarily focused on animation calculations and provides no suspicious external interactions or side effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured tweening utility intended for animation purposes. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It functions solely to animate property transitions with customizable easing. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}