{
  "purpose": "The code implements a lightweight tweening library for animations, allowing smooth transitions of object properties over time with various easing functions.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include parameters 'from', 'to', 'time', and optional 'easing' provided to the 'microtween' function. Easing functions are internally defined within the code.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the 'update' callback invoked with the current property values during animation frames. No direct untrusted data sink for network or system access is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters ('from', 'to', 'time', 'easing') through easing functions into the 'loop' function, which computes current values per frame and calls the 'update' callback until completion.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a comment referencing 'https://github.com/gre/bezier-easing' and modified easing functions but does not perform any suspicious or malicious operations. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are detected. Warnings about support for TweenLite objects are only informational. No obfuscation or malicious code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard tweening implementation that calculates interpolated property values over time using various easing functions, including cubic Bezier curves. It manages animation frames with 'requestAnimationFrame', providing a Promise-based interface with a 'cancel' method. It includes code for Bezier easing calculations, input validation, and handling different easing formats, all typical for such a library. No external network access, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The warning about TweenLite objects does not indicate malicious intent but a feature notice. Overall, the code appears clean, purpose-specific, and free of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward, well-structured tweening library without signs of malicious activity or sabotage. It uses standard techniques for animation easing and property interpolation. There are no suspicious external calls, backdoors, or harmful operations detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}