{
  "purpose": "The code implements a simple tweening utility for animations, allowing smooth interpolation between property values over a specified duration using customizable easing functions.",
  "sources": "Data inputs come from the 'from', 'to', and 'time' parameters passed to the 'microtween' function, as well as optional easing configurations. It also reads the environment for module definitions and feature support (e.g., Float32Array).",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially influence the 'from', 'to', or 'easing' parameters, but these are used for internal calculations only. The 'update' callback is invoked with computed values but does not handle untrusted code execution or data leakage.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (from, to, easing) are used to generate interpolated frames via requestAnimationFrame. Easing functions transform the progress ratio, and the final values are passed to the 'update' callback at each frame until completion.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behavior is observed. The code includes a warning about non-native TweenLite easing objects but does not process or execute external code from those objects. The code performs standard calculations for easing and animation, with no signs of code obfuscation or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The script begins with a Universal Module Definition (UMD) pattern, supporting AMD, CommonJS, and global namespace attachment, which is standard for library distribution. It contains a library for Bezier curve easing calculations, with functions for binary subdivision and Newton-Raphson iteration, used to generate smooth easing functions. The main 'microtween' function validates input types, sets default easing if none is provided, and computes the total frames based on the specified duration. It employs requestAnimationFrame to animate over time, invoking the 'update' callback with interpolated values. There are no signs of malicious code such as network requests, data exfiltration, file modifications, or hidden backdoors. The only noteworthy aspect is the warning about non-native easing objects, which does not impact security.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured tweening utility with no malicious intent. It performs typical animation calculations and provides an API for smooth property interpolation. No malware or security risks are evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}