{
  "purpose": "The code implements a sandboxed environment to run JavaScript code snippets with resource constraints and process management, including subprocess control, message passing, and monitoring system resources.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from 'code', 'context', 'libraries' parameters, and process messages. Data is read from environment variables, process messages, and system commands (tasklist.exe).",
  "sinks": "Process messaging (sending code and receiving results), subprocess spawning and killing, system command execution ('tasklist.exe'), and resource monitoring via 'pidusage' and 'csv-parse'.",
  "flows": "Code data flows into child process via 'proc.send'; system commands provide resource data which may be used to trigger memory-based kills; messages from child process are handled to produce results; resource monitoring can lead to process termination if limits exceeded.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Use of system commands like 'tasklist.exe' is standard for resource monitoring but could be misused if malicious intent exists. The code's structure appears typical for sandboxing; no suspicious code constructs or obfuscated code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code manages subprocesses safely with proper event handlers, resource limits, and process management. It monitors system memory and process memory usage, killing processes if limits are exceeded, which is standard for sandbox environments. No external network communication, credential theft, or suspicious behavior observed. The resource monitoring functions and process control routines are standard practices, and the code does not contain any malicious payload or backdoors. The use of 'tasklist.exe' is legitimate for Windows process inspection. Overall, the code appears to be designed for secure sandboxing without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a controlled sandbox for executing JavaScript code snippets with resource limits and process isolation. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. It employs standard techniques for process control and resource monitoring, with no indicators of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}