{
  "purpose": "This script processes CSS stylesheets to embed font files directly as data URIs by replacing font URLs with base64-encoded font data, facilitating font embedding.",
  "sources": "Reads font files from the filesystem via 'grunt.file.read', and reads stylesheet content via 'grunt.file.read'. It also matches font URLs in CSS content through regex patterns.",
  "sinks": "Writes processed stylesheet files with embedded fonts via 'grunt.file.write'. Uses base64 encoding of font files, but does not execute untrusted code or send data externally.",
  "flows": "Font URLs in CSS files are matched with regex; if local, the font file is read from disk, base64-encoded, and embedded back into CSS content. The content is then written to output files.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns such as dynamic code execution, network connections, or backdoors are present. The code performs file reading, regex matching, base64 encoding, and file writing only. No hardcoded credentials or external communication observed.",
  "analysis": "The code reads font files and CSS stylesheets from the filesystem, processes CSS to replace font URLs with data URIs containing base64-encoded font data, then writes the modified CSS files. The functions are straightforward, focusing on file I/O and string manipulation. No external network activity, command execution, or other malicious behaviors detected. The use of regex for font URL matching is standard. The logic is contained, with no signs of obfuscation or malware. Overall, it appears to be a utility for embedding fonts, with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility to embed fonts into stylesheets by replacing URLs with data URIs. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident. It operates solely on local files with standard methods, and no external communication or suspicious activity is present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}