{
  "purpose": "This script configures Grunt tasks for deploying applications to AWS Elastic Beanstalk, running tests, and managing build artifacts.",
  "sources": "Reading credentials from 'grunt-awsebtdeploy-credentials', reading package.json for version, reading files from 'app' directory, environment variables for credentials if available.",
  "sinks": "Writing files to 'app/package.json' and 'tmp/*.zip', passing configuration options to deployment tasks, requiring external modules such as 'fs', 'adm-zip', and 'grunt' tasks.",
  "flows": "Credentials are read at the start; version is generated and written to package.json; ZIP archive created from 'app' folder; configuration is updated for deployment tasks with source bundle paths; deployment functions execute using the configured options.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'try-catch' to load credentials suggests optional or external secret management. No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. No obfuscation, unnecessary dynamic code, or hidden behavior detected. The code writes a new version to package.json and creates a ZIP bundle from 'app'.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages build and deployment tasks using Grunt. It loads credentials from an external module, which is standard practice, and updates configuration dynamically. The 'bumpAppVersion' task generates a timestamp-based version and writes it to package.json, which is normal for versioning. 'createSourceBundle' creates a ZIP archive of the 'app' directory and updates deployment configurations accordingly. There is no evidence of malicious code such as data exfiltration, command injection, or backdoors. The use of external modules appears benign. No suspicious network activity, credential theft, or system damage mechanisms are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard build and deployment configuration script with no signs of malicious behavior. It handles credentials securely via an external module, generates application versioning, and prepares source bundles for deployment. No malware indicators or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}