{
  "purpose": "This code configures a Webpack build process for a TypeScript and SCSS project, setting up entry points, output, loaders, and plugins for development and production environments.",
  "sources": "Process environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), requiring Webpack plugins and modules, and configuration objects defining build parameters.",
  "sinks": "None of the code directly uses untrusted input or data; it primarily sets up build configurations. The only potential concern is the use of environment variables which could influence build behavior.",
  "flows": "Environment variables (NODE_ENV) influence which plugins are added; in production, UglifyJsPlugin is included, which minifies code. This flow affects build optimization but not runtime data handling.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors, no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or data leaks. Usage of environment variables is standard for build configs, not malicious. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or external malicious code is present.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up Webpack configuration with multiple plugins for development and production modes. It uses environment variables to toggle plugins like UglifyJsPlugin and DashboardPlugin. The code only manipulates build settings and does not handle or process untrusted data at runtime. No signs of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or malicious injections are evident. The configuration appears standard and safe, focusing solely on build management. The only noteworthy aspect is the conditional plugin inclusion based on environment, which is typical for build optimizations.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard Webpack configuration for building a TypeScript/SCSS project. It does not contain any malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. The code is safe and appropriate for its intended purpose, with no security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}