{
  "purpose": "This code configures build nodes for a JavaScript project, setting up various build technologies (techs) for processing dependencies, templates, styles, and scripts, primarily for front-end web development.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (process.env.ISTANBUL_COVERAGE), requiring modules (require statements), filesystem checks (fs.existsSync), and configuration options.",
  "sinks": "File outputs such as '?.spec.js', '?.css', '?.html', and generated JavaScript and CSS files. No data leaks or sensitive data is directly written or transmitted within this code.",
  "flows": "Configuration options influence the setup of build processes; environment variables and filesystem checks affect conditional tech inclusion. Data flows from input dependencies and source files to output build artifacts.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious network activity. Use of standard modules and conventional build setup.",
  "analysis": "The script is a typical build configuration for a front-end project using a variety of build tools (ENB, Borschik, Stylus, BEM technologies). It dynamically adds build steps based on environment variables and filesystem presence. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or hidden backdoors. The code leverages well-known open-source modules with transparent purposes. The use of 'require' for dependencies and environment variables is standard. No suspicious network activity or code injection points are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build configuration script for a front-end project using established open-source build tools. It contains no malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided content. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}