{
  "purpose": "This code is the bootstrap v4.3.1 JavaScript library, providing UI components such as alerts, buttons, carousels, modals, tooltips, and others, with associated utility functions for use in web applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads data attributes from DOM elements (e.g., data-toggle, data-dismiss), requires jQuery, and optionally Popper.js for positioning. It also dynamically creates DOM elements for modals, tooltips, and backdrops.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation for showing/hiding components, event triggering, and data storage via jQuery's data. No network requests, file system access, or environment variable use are present.",
  "flows": "Event handlers listen for user interactions (clicks, focus, hover) on elements with specific data attributes, leading to component show/hide transitions, DOM modifications, and event triggering within the document. No external data flows or data leaks identified.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are detected. Usage of jQuery for DOM manipulation is standard for Bootstrap. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution observed. The code adheres to common UI component patterns without malicious modifications.",
  "analysis": "The script defines multiple Bootstrap components with their event handling, state management, and DOM manipulation routines. It relies on standard libraries (jQuery, Popper.js) and implements component lifecycle events, transition handling, and accessibility features. All functions and variables serve UI functionality with no signs of data exfiltration, code injection, or sabotage. No hidden network activity or environmental variable usage is present. The code appears to be the standard Bootstrap JS library, with no malicious signals.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate Bootstrap v4.3.1 JavaScript library implementation for UI components. No malicious behaviors, sabotage, or malware signals are detected. It performs typical DOM manipulations, event handling, and UI transitions as designed. The overall security risk score is minimal.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}