{
  "purpose": "This code is a JavaScript library implementing Bootstrap v4.3.1 components and utilities, including alert, button, carousel, collapse, dropdown, modal, tooltip, popover, scrollspy, tab, and toast functionalities. It provides UI interaction features for web pages.",
  "sources": "The code reads data attributes from DOM elements (e.g., data-toggle, data-dismiss), and uses jQuery selectors to interact with DOM elements. It also reads and manipulates CSS styles and DOM properties for transition durations, element positioning, and scrollbar measurements.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation methods such as addClass, removeClass, trigger, triggerHandler, appendTo, detach, remove, and setting style properties. These can affect DOM visibility, trigger events, or modify element attributes. There are no evident network requests or system commands within this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from data attributes and DOM events (sources) into UI component state changes via methods like show, hide, toggle, addClass, removeClass, and trigger. Event handlers respond to user interactions and DOM events, leading to visual changes. No external data is fetched or sent, and no command execution occurs.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard minified Bootstrap v4.3.1 implementation. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. The only notable aspect is extensive use of event triggers and DOM manipulations, which are typical for UI libraries but could be misused if embedded maliciously. No obfuscated or dynamically executed code (e.g., eval, Function constructor) is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified, production-ready Bootstrap JavaScript library, including components and utilities for user interface interactions. It relies on jQuery for DOM operations and event handling. No network calls, data exfiltration, or system modifications are embedded. The code uses standard patterns for Bootstrap components, including event triggers, CSS class manipulations, and DOM attribute adjustments. No suspicious or malicious behavior is evident upon careful review of the beginning, middle, and end segments. It does not contain obfuscation, hidden code, or dynamic code execution; it is a well-known open-source library.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate, well-known Bootstrap v4.3.1 JavaScript library that provides UI components and utilities without any signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs DOM manipulations, event handling, and style adjustments typical for UI frameworks, with no indications of malware, data leaks, or malicious network activity.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}