{
  "purpose": "The code is the full source of Bootstrap v4.3.1 JavaScript library, providing UI components such as alerts, modals, tooltips, dropdowns, etc., for use in web development.",
  "sources": "The code reads DOM elements via query selectors, data attributes, and event listeners; it also reads data from jQuery data storage and CSS properties for transitions and styling.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation (adding/removing classes, appending/removing elements), triggering custom events, calling external dependencies (like Popper.js), and modifying element attributes. No direct data leaks or network calls are made.",
  "flows": "User interactions trigger event handlers that manipulate DOM elements, show/hide components, or initialize plugins. No flow indicates untrusted input being used insecurely; all operations are confined to DOM and library calls.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code is standard Bootstrap source, with typical modular functions, event handlers, and dependency checks. No obfuscated or minified suspicious code segments. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration code present.",
  "analysis": "The source is the official Bootstrap v4.3.1 JavaScript library, which is widely used and well-vetted. It contains UI component definitions, utility functions, event handling, and dependency checks (notably for Popper.js). All functions manipulate the DOM, trigger events, or initialize plugins; there are no network requests, no code injection, and no operations that could be malicious or sabotage the host system. The code enforces best practices for component behavior, transition support, and event delegation. There are no anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, hidden backdoors, or suspicious obfuscation. The code relies on external libraries (jQuery, Popper.js) which are standard in web development but not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "This code is the standard, legitimate source code for Bootstrap 4.3.1's JavaScript components. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It primarily manages UI interactions and DOM manipulations in a safe, well-known library. No security risks are identified within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}