{
  "purpose": "This code provides the implementation of Bootstrap v4.3.1, a popular front-end framework, including various UI components and utilities for building responsive web interfaces.",
  "sources": "Reads include DOM element attributes (e.g., 'data-toggle', 'href', 'data-target'), event triggers (e.g., 'click', 'mouseover'), and configuration data passed via data attributes or function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Uses jQuery triggers and DOM manipulations such as adding/removing classes, appending/removing elements, and triggering custom events (e.g., 'show', 'hide', 'click'). No direct data leaks or system commands are present.",
  "flows": "Input data from DOM attributes and user events flows into component methods, leading to class toggling, DOM modifications, and event dispatching. No evidence of data exfiltration or malicious command execution.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to be standard Bootstrap library code with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors. No obfuscated code or suspicious logic detected. The code is well-structured, component-based, and includes licensing comments. No hidden network connections, system modifications, or malicious data leaks identified.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of Bootstrap's UI components with utility functions, event handling, and dynamic DOM updates. It includes features like modals, dropdowns, tooltips, carousels, alerts, and more. The code uses jQuery extensively for DOM manipulation and event management, which is typical for Bootstrap. It checks for dependencies like jQuery and Popper.js, enforces version constraints, and handles user interactions securely via event delegation. No suspicious patterns such as code injection, remote system access, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code follows standard open-source practices, with no malicious behaviors detected. The presence of licensing comments and structured component logic confirms the code is legitimate Bootstrap framework code.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard, well-maintained Bootstrap v4.3.1 library implementation. It performs UI component rendering, event handling, and DOM updates without any signs of malicious intent or sabotage. No security risks, malware behaviors, or malicious signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}