{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate and visualize a biological-like structure with hormones and buds in a 3D environment using regl and mathematical operations.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include random vector generation (rnd.vec3), external modules ('./index', 'regl', 'pex-math/Mat4', 'pex-math/Vec3', 'primitive-sphere'), and parameters for visualization and iteration.",
  "sinks": "Data is used to produce 3D graphics via regl rendering functions, specifically 'drawSphere'. No evident data leaks or data exfiltration points are present.",
  "flows": "Hormone and bud data are generated and processed; their positions are used directly to create 3D sphere models for rendering. The iteration function modifies hormone and bud states but does not appear to output data externally.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are detected. All external modules seem standard for graphics and math operations. No suspicious network activity or malicious code snippets are present. The code is primarily visualization logic with normal mathematical processing.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes 3D rendering with regl, generates a set of hormones with random positions within a specified radius, and performs iterative updates on 'buds' and 'hormones' using an external 'iterate' function. Visualization renders spheres at positions of 'buds', with different sizes and colors based on their states. The process appears to be a straightforward biological or procedural visualization without any network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious operations. No obfuscation or malicious behavior is evident. The modules used are common for 3D rendering and math processing, and the logic aligns with typical graphics programming.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a visualization script for a biological structure, using standard libraries and procedures. No malicious intent, suspicious behavior, or malware patterns are detected. It appears to be a benign visualization tool with no security concerns based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}