{
  "purpose": "This code sets up a simple serverless API with two endpoints: one for GET requests returning a message with a related link, and another for POST requests processing an array of data.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from event.headers['X-Forwarded-Proto'], event.headers.Host, event.requestContext.path, and event.body (parsed as JSON).",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if headers or response bodies are misused, but the code only outputs sanitized responses. No data is sent to external systems.",
  "flows": "Event headers and body are used as input; the GET handler constructs a link header based on request headers; the POST handler processes JSON input and returns a confirmation message.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically constructs a URL in the 'link' header without validation, which could lead to header injection if headers are manipulated, though no external requests are made. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code patterns detected. The 'Content-Type' header value is improperly quoted, but this does not impact security.",
  "analysis": "The code provides basic API functionality with minimal processing. It properly parses and validates the request body for the POST endpoint, ensuring it is an array. The URL construction in the GET handler uses header values directly, which could be manipulated but does not lead to code execution or external connections. No external network connections or secret leaks are evident. The use of event headers and request context aligns with typical serverless function behavior. The code lacks any obfuscated or malicious code segments. Overall, it appears to be a straightforward implementation with no malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a simple, non-malicious serverless API implementation with standard request handling and response logic. No signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}