{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom error classes and functions for generating and handling Node.js-like errors with specific codes and messages. It is intended to provide standardized error objects with consistent messaging and stack traces for use in a larger Node.js application or module.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from function arguments (e.g., error message templates, argument types, error constructor parameters). It also reads environment variables indirectly via Node.js internal modules and requires the 'util' and 'assert' modules.",
  "sinks": "Places where untrusted data could affect the system include error message construction and setting error properties such as 'message', 'name', and 'stack'. These could be manipulated to produce misleading error messages or influence error handling flow, but no data leaks or external data transmissions are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arguments (e.g., error message templates, constructor parameters) into error objects' properties. Messages are formatted based on these inputs and assigned to error instances, which are then returned. No external system calls or data transmissions are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, suspicious external calls, or malicious code are present. The code heavily relies on Node.js internals and standard modules. It includes detailed comments and modular functions for error creation. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code creates custom error classes and functions to generate error objects with detailed messages, codes, and stack traces. It uses internal modules ('util', 'assert') and standard Node.js practices for error handling. Error messages are dynamically constructed based on input arguments, but all inputs are used for message formatting rather than malicious data handling. There are no external data transmissions, no code injections, nor suspicious behaviors such as reverse shells or system modifications. The code is well-structured for error handling, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This module provides a standard way to generate and handle errors with specific codes and messages, typical for Node.js error management. No malicious behavior or security risks are detected. It appears to be legitimate, well-structured error handling code intended for use in larger projects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}