{
  "purpose": "This code defines and exports custom error classes and utility functions for error handling in Node.js, including dynamic message formatting and error code management.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration and error message templates from internal data structures and external modules such as 'assert', 'util', and 'require'. It also reads input through error arguments used in message formatting functions.",
  "sinks": "Error objects created and returned by functions, especially in 'makeNodeErrorWithCode', which set message, name, and code properties. The 'getMessage' function formats messages based on templates and arguments.",
  "flows": "Input arguments (errors, expected types, actual data) flow into message construction functions, which generate error objects with formatted messages and attach code and name properties. These error objects are then used by the system for error handling.",
  "anomalies": "The code employs dynamic message formatting and lazy module loading. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network connections are present. The error construction appears standard. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily responsible for defining structured error types and generating error messages with proper codes and names. It uses standard Node.js modules ('assert', 'util') and implements error creation with dynamic message formatting. There are no signs of malicious logic, network activity, or data exfiltration. The code avoids unnecessary dynamic code execution or obfuscation. The error handling mechanisms are typical and intended for debugging and error reporting purposes. All input data are related to error contexts, with no external or untrusted data sources involved in any malicious manner.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of custom Node.js error types and message formatting functions, with no indications of malicious intent or malware. It is designed for internal error handling and does not perform any suspicious or harmful operations. The code appears safe and appropriate for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}