{
  "purpose": "This source code defines a JavaScript module for responsive image handling, including configuration, resizing, and generating image sources and pictures, mainly for web front-end use.",
  "sources": "The code imports configuration, image, widthsFromSizes, device sizes, sizes, metadata, and unit values from internal lib files, as well as possibly external modules (though not explicitly shown here). It reads options and parameters for image processing methods.",
  "sinks": "The code passes image paths and options to methods that generate responsive images, but does not directly write or transmit data. No untrusted data sinks such as network transmission, file writing, or environment variable use are present.",
  "flows": "Input image paths and options are processed through class methods to generate resized images or sources, returning processed metadata or objects. Data flows are internal to image processing functions; no external or untrusted data flow is detected.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, obfuscated code, or unusual dynamic code execution are present. The code is straightforward, modular, and relies on imported internal libraries. No potential malicious behavior is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a well-structured API for responsive images, importing necessary configuration and image processing modules. It includes class inheritance, async functions, and method bindings. No external network calls, no dynamic code evaluation, and no sensitive data handling are present. All functions accept parameters and return processed data without evident malicious intent. The code is clean, modular, and typical for a responsive image library.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a standard, well-structured library for image responsiveness without any signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not include network transmissions, credential handling, or obfuscated code. Therefore, the likelihood of malicious intent is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}