{
  "purpose": "This code dynamically creates and manages CSS stylesheets, including handling CSS rules, keyframes, selectors, and prefixing, primarily for styling web elements with a programmatic interface.",
  "sources": "Inputs come from function parameters (e.g., rules, selector strings, style properties), helper functions, and object property accesses. Notably, user-supplied style rules and CSS selectors are processed.",
  "sinks": "CSS rules and style strings are inserted into the DOM's stylesheet via insertRule. No data flows into external systems or network. No dangerous execution or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Input rules or selectors are processed and formatted; then inserted into style sheets through insertRule calls. Helper functions modify or generate CSS strings that flow into the stylesheet.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes a non-idiomatic, complex CSS parser which manipulates style rules. It uses memoization for rules and keyframes generation. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are detected. The code dynamically prefixes CSS selectors and rules, but this is typical for styling frameworks. No suspicious network activity or file access is present. The code appears solely for style management.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for style rule generation, CSS prefixing, selector processing, and stylesheet management. It employs memoization for performance optimization. The dynamic CSS parser processes rules into nested structures, handling quotes, nested blocks, and at-rules. No parts of the code exhibit suspicious behavior such as network requests, file system access, or credential handling. The code's complexity and dynamic behavior are consistent with style management libraries and do not indicate malicious intent. No obfuscation or code that could execute arbitrary malicious actions (like reverse shells or data exfiltration) is present.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a CSS-in-JS style generator and manager, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not perform any network communication, system modification, or credential handling. Its complexity is consistent with styling frameworks, and there are no indicators of supply chain compromise or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}