{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of procedural and noise generation tools for textures and image manipulation, including various procedural patterns, filters, and transformations for graphical applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from 'src' buffers, including pixel data through methods like getPixelNearest and getPixelBilinear, and from internal parameters such as user-defined points, colors, and seed values.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to image buffers (e.g., buffer, bufferCopy), and sets pixel data via methods like toImageData and getPixelNearest, as well as internal parameters for transformations and filters. It also generates dynamic functions using 'new Function', which could be a concern if inputs were malicious, but in this context appears to be internally generated.",
  "flows": "Input data (pixel coordinates, parameters, seed values) flows through procedural noise functions, pattern generators, and filters, affecting pixel values in buffers. The procedural functions generate source code strings based on parameters, then compile and execute them to modify pixel buffers, which are later used to produce image data or canvas outputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically generates and executes functions via 'new Function' with source code strings assembled from internal variables and parameters. While this can be risky if parameters are externally controlled, in this context, the functions seem to be constructed internally with controlled inputs. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity is present. No obfuscated code or hidden malicious functions detected. The hashRNG function and noise functions rely on internal seed values and hash calculations, not external data. No system data exfiltration, network connections, or file modifications are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a library for procedural texture and pattern generation, with multiple noise, filter, and transformation modules. It uses controlled input parameters, internally generated source code strings, and standard mathematical functions. The dynamic function creation via 'new Function' is based on strings assembled from internal variables, which are not influenced by external input, reducing risk. The overall design is consistent with graphics programming, with no indication of malicious intent or sabotage. There are no signals of data exfiltration, malicious backdoors, or unauthorized system access. The code appears to be a legitimate utility for graphical applications.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a procedural texture and image manipulation library with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It employs dynamic code generation, which is a potential concern but appears to be safely managed within controlled parameters. No malware or security risks are identified. It can be considered safe based on the static analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}