{
  "purpose": "This code creates an HTTP server to listen for OAuth-like redirect responses and extract an authorization code from URL parameters.",
  "sources": "The code reads the redirect URL's query parameters via the URL constructor and request URL, specifically extracting the 'code' parameter.",
  "sinks": "The code uses the 'callback' function with the extracted code, which could potentially be used maliciously if misused, but in itself is not inherently dangerous. The server sends HTML responses, but these are static templates.",
  "flows": "Input data (request URL) flows through URL parsing to extract 'code' parameter, which is then passed to the callback. The server's response is static and does not process untrusted input beyond extraction.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external connections are present. The code straightforwardly creates a server for OAuth redirect handling without unusual behavior. The URL concatenation could be unsafe if redirectUrl is untrusted, but in typical OAuth flows, this is controlled.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up an HTTP server that listens on a specified port, and when a request arrives, it parses the request URL combined with a provided redirectUrl to extract the 'code' parameter. If found, it responds with a success message and invokes a callback with the code; otherwise, it sends a failure message. The server closes upon success. There are no indications of malware, code injection, or malicious data handling. The code relies on external input (request URL) but does not perform any dangerous operations on it, aside from extraction. The URL concatenation could be risky if 'redirectUrl' is untrusted, but in controlled OAuth scenarios, this is typical.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of an OAuth redirect handler. There are no signs of malicious behavior or security risks inherent to the code itself. It handles input securely by only extracting the 'code' parameter and responds with static HTML. No malware, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious network activity are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}