{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a test suite for a custom Promise implementation, verifying Promise behavior such as then-chaining, state detection, error handling, and utility methods like all, race, resolve, reject, and defer.",
  "sources": "Code reads data primarily from Promise methods, variables, and functions within test cases; no external input sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include assertions within tests; no data leaks or external data sinks are present. Promise rejections and exceptions are caught locally.",
  "flows": "The flow is standard Promise resolution/rejection and chaining within the tests; no external flows or data exfiltration observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. The code uses standard Promise constructs and test assertions. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscated segments are present. The code is straightforward and structured as test cases.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive test suite verifying various Promise behaviors. It tests Promise resolution, rejection, chaining, state detection, finally, Promise.all, Promise.race, and utility methods. All Promise interactions are internal, with no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network communication, or backdoors. No anomalous code, hidden functionality, or suspicious patterns are identified. The code strictly adheres to standard testing patterns for Promises, and all functions operate within expected parameters. The initial import from '../../src/Promise' indicates a custom Promise implementation; however, no malicious activity or sabotage is evident in the tests themselves.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, benign test suite for a Promise implementation. It contains no malicious code, suspicious patterns, or security risks. The overall security risk score is low, with no evidence of malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}