{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript class 'langDetect' used for language detection using multiple models, including 'franc' libraries and FastText models, with capabilities to add models and set weights for ensemble predictions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data in the 'predict' method (the 'input' parameter) and reads model files from the filesystem via 'fs.readdirSync' and 'path.resolve'.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs the detection result via return value of 'predict'. It also logs errors to the console. No data is transmitted externally within this code.",
  "flows": "Input data ('input' parameter) flows through 'predict' and 'predict_helper' methods, where models and libraries analyze the data. The flow is straightforward: input -> model predictions -> aggregation -> output.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard language detection logic; no unusual or suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. No dynamic code execution, network communication, or obfuscated code is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code loads multiple language detection models and uses them to predict the language of provided input text. It uses 'franc' libraries and FastText models, with functions to add models and set weights. The logic includes model prediction and ensemble voting based on weights. Error handling logs to console but does not process or transmit sensitive data. No suspicious functions, data leaks, or malicious behaviors are identified. The code does not perform network operations, file writes, or external data exfiltration. Overall, the code is a typical language detection utility with no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs language detection using established libraries and models, with no signs of malicious behavior, data leakage, or sabotage. It is a standard implementation with safe operations. No malware, backdoors, or security risks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}