{
  "purpose": "The code provides an interface for interacting with backend services, including functions for user authentication, file uploads, static resource fetching, and various business operations related to orders, contracts, and company management.",
  "sources": "Data sources include function parameters, session storage items ('signature', 'checkTextList'), and hardcoded URLs for static assets and APIs.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests (axios.post/get), session storage modifications, and dynamic execution of callback functions with untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and session storage into network request functions, with responses passed to callback functions. These callbacks could potentially execute untrusted code if malicious data is received.",
  "anomalies": "No evidence of hardcoded sensitive credentials or secrets. No unusual code patterns or backdoors detected. Some minor code inconsistencies (e.g., unused variables, commented-out code, missing parameter definitions) but nothing suspiciously malicious. The presence of dynamic URL fetching for static assets and extensive request handling is typical but warrants caution if external URLs are compromised.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily functions as a client-side API wrapper, performing network requests to various services with data passed through parameters. No obfuscated code or common malware indicators (such as system commands, reverse shells, data exfiltration, or unauthorized system access) are present. Functions like 'uploadToOss' and 'writeToOss' handle file uploads using axios and FormData, which are standard practices. Session storage is used for temporary caching of signatures and tokens. Callback functions could potentially be misused if malicious data is returned from the server, but this is a typical pattern in frontend code. Overall, the code appears to be well-structured API interaction code without malicious intent. The static URL fetching for static resources is typical and not suspicious. No network calls indicate data exfiltration or system compromise. Some minor code quality issues (e.g., unused variables, commented code) but no malware.",
  "conclusion": "The provided JavaScript code functions as a comprehensive API interface layer with no evident malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles requests, file uploads, and static resource loading in a standard manner without signs of malware. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected. While callback functions could theoretically be exploited if the server returns malicious data, this is inherent to many frontend applications and not indicative of malicious intent in this context.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}