{
  "purpose": "This code provides an API wrapper for various backend interactions, including user authentication, file uploads, static resource fetching, and external API integrations such as Baidu OCR. It manages request signatures, session storage, and network requests for a web application.",
  "sources": "Session storage items ('user', 'signature', 'checkTextList'), request parameters, external URLs for static resources and APIs, input files for uploads.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests via axios, sessionStorage modifications, dynamic URL fetches, external API calls (e.g., Baidu OCR), file uploads via FormData.",
  "flows": "Data flows from session storage and input parameters into network requests; responses are handled via callbacks. Signature validation involves expiry checks and session storage updates. External API calls include static URLs and request payloads.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation or malicious code detected. The only notable point is the presence of a hardcoded Baidu OCR API access token, which could be a security concern if exposed or outdated.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard API interaction layer with functions for login, file uploads, static resource fetching, and external API calls. It uses session storage for signature caching and manages request signatures efficiently. No signs of malware, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The hardcoded API key for Baidu OCR is a security concern but not malicious. External requests and data handling follow typical patterns, and the code structure is clear and maintainable.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical, well-structured API wrapper with no malicious behavior or supply chain compromise detected. The only security note is the embedded API key for Baidu OCR, which should be managed securely outside client code in production environments. Scores are consistent with the analysis, with malware and obfuscation scores at 0, and a minor security risk score of 0.3 due to the API key exposure.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}