{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript service object for interacting with various backend APIs, primarily for a web application. It manages HTTP requests for functionalities like user authentication, file uploads, data retrieval, and other application-specific operations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from sessionStorage (e.g., 'checkTextList', 'signature'), and makes HTTP requests using axios and a Common.request method to multiple backend endpoints defined in the SERVICE_CODE constants. It also reads static JSON files and external URLs for static data.",
  "sinks": "The main sinks are the axios POST requests for file uploads to OSS (Object Storage Service) and various API request handlers that transmit data to backend services. It also displays messages via element-ui's Message component upon errors. Some functions generate or process files or blobs for upload.",
  "flows": "Data flows from sessionStorage or function inputs into request parameters, then through HTTP requests to backend endpoints. For example, 'getOssSignature' reads cached signature data or requests new signatures, then uses these to upload files via axios. Static data from URLs flows into callbacks. Error data from responses triggers Message error displays.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for a service layer, with no hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Notably, there is a hardcoded access token for Baidu OCR API ('24.2e5882e5390e5c8d6cbf79c9416d79b9.2592000.1538792151.282335-11630505'), which may be a security concern if sensitive or expired. Other than this, the code uses sessionStorage for temporary signatures and signatures are refreshed based on expiry, which is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles API requests, file uploads, and static resource fetching, with no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or covert channels. The hardcoded Baidu OCR access token could be considered a security risk if exposed or outdated, but it is a common pattern for API keys in client code. The request functions handle data normally, with no unusual dynamic code execution or obfuscation. All request URLs and data flows seem legitimate for a web app’s API layer. No signs of backdoors, malicious scripts, or suspicious network activity are present. The static URLs and file handling are standard, and error handling is consistent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard API service layer with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. The only potential security concern is the hardcoded API key for Baidu OCR, which should be secured or obfuscated in production. Overall, the code's design and content do not suggest malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}