{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React-based toast notification system, managing the creation, rendering, and removal of toast messages within a web application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from component props, internal state (toastList), and DOM elements. It also creates and manipulates DOM nodes for toast containers.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include rendering toast components, modifying DOM elements (creating/removing containers), and invoking callback functions on toast close events.",
  "flows": "Data flows from add/remove functions through internal state updates, which trigger rendering of toast components. Callbacks like onClose flow from user interactions to toast removal, and external code can invoke toast methods via the returned toast object.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or unusual code patterns are present. The code relies on React and standard DOM manipulation. No obfuscated or suspicious dynamic code execution observed. The createToaster function resolves asynchronously to ensure proper mounting before toast operations.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a React component for toasts, managing a list of toast messages. It includes methods to add, remove, and render toasts, dynamically creating container DOM nodes if absent. The code employs standard React patterns and safe DOM manipulations. There are no signs of malicious data exfiltration, system damage, or covert network activities. Usage of third-party libraries appears appropriate and benign. The async creation pattern via promises ensures proper component lifecycle handling. No suspicious code flows, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard implementation of a toast notification system for React applications. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided code. No indicators of malware or supply chain sabotage are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}