{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React-based toast notification system, providing functions to create, manage, and destroy toast messages within a web application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data mainly from function parameters (e.g., toast objects, options) and internal component state (toastList). It also reads DOM elements when getting existing containers.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the React component rendering, DOM manipulation (creating/removing containers), and invoking callback functions like onClose. However, no direct data leaks or system effects are observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (toast data, options) to state updates and DOM manipulations. Toasts are added via add(), removed via remove(), and rendered via React components. Promises manage asynchronous creation of toasters.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns. Usage of external libraries appears standard, including React, lodash, classnames, and utility functions. No evidence of malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code structures a toast notification component in React, with functions to create, retrieve, and reset toasters. It employs React refs, DOM manipulation, and Promise-based asynchronous creation. No signs of malicious code such as network requests to suspicious domains, data harvesting, or system damage. It appears as a typical UI notification system, with safe handling of inputs and outputs. The code includes standard import patterns and common React practices. There are no obfuscated segments or unusual language features that could hide malicious intent. Overall, the code functions as intended for toast notifications without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of a React toast notification system with no signs of malicious activity or sabotage. It manages toast messages securely without hardcoded secrets or suspicious network activity. The security risk score is low, and malware likelihood is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}