{
  "purpose": "The code manages AWS S3 interactions, web browsing, PDF conversion, and media processing, with credentials handled via runtime settings. It performs file uploads/downloads, web page content extraction, CAPTCHA solving, and media downloads/transcoding.",
  "sources": "Environment variables for AWS credentials, runtime settings for configuration, URL fetches, file system reads, external command executions (ffmpeg, youtube-dl), and user input URLs.",
  "sinks": "S3 bucket uploads, signed URL generation, file system writes, network requests for media and captions, external tool invocations, and URL generation for access.",
  "flows": "Source inputs (credentials, URLs, files) flow into S3 upload commands, media download functions, and web page fetches; data flows into external tools (ffmpeg, youtube-dl) and into storage or URL outputs; signed URLs are generated from source data.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or backdoors are present. External tools are used in standard ways. CAPTCHA solving via third-party API is legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard libraries and external tools for media processing, web scraping, and cloud storage. Credentials are managed via environment variables, reducing secret leakage risk. No obfuscation or malicious code is detected. External binaries like ffmpeg and youtube-dl are invoked appropriately. CAPTCHA solving is performed via a third-party API, which is common. The code handles untrusted URLs, but this is inherent to its purpose. No signs of data exfiltration, sabotage, or covert channels are present. The overall structure is clean, with proper error handling and logging.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate, well-structured, and free from malicious behavior or sabotage. The security risk is low, primarily associated with handling untrusted URLs and external binaries, which is expected for such functionalities. No evidence of obfuscation or malicious intent is found.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}