{
  "purpose": "This script serves as a command-line utility for processing CSS files and generating declaration files based on user-provided options and filenames or globs.",
  "sources": "The script reads command-line arguments via process.argv, including file names, flags, and options.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the processFiles function, which is invoked with user-provided arguments and options; however, the actual implementation of processCss (imported from ./process_css.js) is not shown, which could potentially contain unsafe operations.",
  "flows": "Input arguments are parsed and categorized; then, they are passed to processFiles along with configuration parameters. No untrusted data is directly written or sent over the network within this code fragment.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. The code appears straightforward in parsing command-line arguments. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious constructs are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code begins by checking for command-line arguments; if none are provided, it prints usage instructions. Otherwise, it parses options and filenames, storing them in variables and arrays. It includes options for output folders, source folders, flags for module export, and other configurations. The parsed arguments are passed to the processFiles function. All operations are standard argument parsing routines with no indications of malicious intent or malicious code execution. The security of the overall process depends on the implementation of processCss, which is not shown, but this script itself contains no evident malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward command-line argument parser for a CSS processing utility. It does not contain any suspicious or malicious code. Its behavior appears benign, serving as a launcher for the processing function. The security risk is very low, assuming processCss is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}