{
  "purpose": "The code provides Vue.js components and utility functions for touch interaction, scroll lock, draggable elements, and custom keyboard input, primarily for UI interactions in a web application.",
  "sources": "The code reads user touch and pointer events, DOM element properties, computed styles, and component props for managing interactions and state.",
  "sinks": "Event handlers that prevent default behavior, modify DOM classes, or trigger component events. No code writes data to external sources or makes network requests.",
  "flows": "User interactions (touch/pointer events) flow through event listeners to functions that update component state or invoke event emitters; no data leakage or external system interaction is observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are evident. The code employs standard Vue.js patterns and utility functions for UI interactions. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present. The only notable pattern is scroll lock management which is common in modal-like components.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple utility functions and Vue components handling touch gestures, scroll locking, draggable elements, and custom keyboards. These functions primarily read DOM properties, event data, and component props. Event handlers call preventDefault() and stopPropagation() in controlled ways. There are no network requests, data leaks, or suspicious logic. The components and functions follow standard patterns and do not include hidden or malicious code. The use of inline data URLs for images is typical for embedded icons, with no indication of malicious content. Overall, the code appears to be benign UI/UX utility code with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of Vue.js components and utility functions for touch interactions, scroll management, draggable UI elements, and custom input keyboards. No malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or sabotage patterns are detected. It appears to be standard, safe UI code intended for user interaction management.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}