{
  "purpose": "The code provides Vue.js components and utility functions for touch handling, scroll locking, draggable interactions, and UI components such as a floating panel and keyboard interface, likely for a vehicle registration or license plate input system.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from user interactions such as touch events, click events, and component props (e.g., defaultCity, defaultLicense). External dependencies are imported Vue functions and embedded base64 images.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can be injected via touch or click events that modify component state. However, no direct data leaks or malicious system effects are evident. The code primarily manipulates UI state and event handling.",
  "flows": "User interactions (touch, click) trigger handlers that update component states, which influence the DOM rendering. No external data transmission or system commands are executed. Data flows from user inputs into component data properties, influencing UI updates.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains embedded base64 images which are benign and often used for icons. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls are present. The code appears standard for Vue.js UI components and utility functions. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution identified.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple Vue.js components and utility functions for touch gesture recognition, scroll lock management, draggable UI, and custom keyboard/vehicle license input UI. All functions follow standard patterns for event handling, DOM manipulation, and reactive data management. No network requests, external command execution, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The embedded images are static assets encoded in base64, used as icons. The event handlers do not perform malicious actions. The logic is consistent with UI interaction management and accessibility features. Overall, the code is focused on UI behavior, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be legitimate Vue.js component and utility code for touch interaction and UI components, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It manages user interactions, scroll locking, and draggable panels safely. No malicious signals or suspicious behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}