{
  "purpose": "The code is a set of unit tests for a React Native cryptography module, mocking native cryptographic operations for testing various cryptographic functions like hashing, key generation, encryption/decryption, signing, and group session management.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, mock return values, and test setup variables. It processes keys, data buffers, base64 strings, object with value/encoding, and file paths. It also reads configurations for cryptographic algorithms and key types.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data such as cryptographic keys, hashes, signatures, encrypted/decrypted data, and file paths are handled. No untrusted data is directly written to external systems or network in the code. Functions convert data between formats but do not seem to leak data outside the process.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through encoding or decoding steps (Buffer, base64), then into cryptographic native function calls, with results returned as Buffers or base64 strings. Error handling captures native errors to throw exceptions. No external network transmission or storage is observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code primarily consists of unit tests with standard mocking and encoding patterns. There are no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden code behaviors. The code structure and patterns are consistent with testing setups. No unusual or malicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides extensive test coverage for a cryptography library, mocking native modules to verify data flow and error handling. Data inputs are carefully transformed into base64 strings before native calls, and outputs are validated as Buffers. No operations suggest malicious intent or sabotage. The code is standard for testing cryptographic functions. No hardcoded secrets, network calls, or system modifications are present. All data handling appears legitimate within the testing scope.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive set of unit tests for a cryptography module, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles cryptographic data securely within tests, with proper encoding and error handling. No malware or security risks are detected based on this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}