{
  "purpose": "The code is a test suite for the virgilCrypto JavaScript library, which provides cryptographic operations such as hashing, key generation, encryption, decryption, signature, and group session management. It verifies the correct behavior of these functions through mocked native module calls.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters (strings, Buffers, objects with value and encoding) in various functions. It also reads native module responses that return cryptographic results such as hashes, keys, encrypted data, signatures, and group session info.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs cryptographic keys, hashes, encrypted/decrypted data, signatures, and group session details. These are handled securely within the tests; no external or untrusted data is written to insecure locations. No direct data leakage or malicious data effect is evident.",
  "flows": "Input data (strings, buffers, objects) are processed and passed to native module functions, which return cryptographic results. These results are then used to create key objects, signatures, or group sessions, and verified in tests. No external network or system commands are executed or data exfiltrated.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard unit testing with mock setups; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. No code injection, environment variable misuse, or suspicious side-effects are visible. Usage of 'expect' and mocks is typical for test code. No obfuscation, reverse shells, or malware signatures are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive test suite for a cryptography library, mocking native modules and verifying expected cryptographic operations. All data inputs are handled safely—converted to base64 or Buffer objects—and no untrusted data is directed outside the module scope. No malicious behavior, data leakage, or sabotage activities are evident. The functions under test follow secure cryptographic principles, and the test setup is typical for JavaScript testing environments. Overall, the code performs testing of cryptographic functions without signs of malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard test suite for cryptographic operations, with no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage. It uses mocks for native modules and performs routine cryptographic validation. No suspicious code, backdoors, data leaks, or malicious activities are detected. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}