{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of unit tests for a React Native JavaScript library (virgilCrypto) that interfaces with native cryptographic functions through a mocked NativeModules interface. It verifies the correct behavior, input handling, and error propagation for cryptographic operations such as hashing, key generation, encryption, decryption, signing, verification, and group session management.",
  "sources": "Input data read from function arguments (strings, Buffers, objects with value and encoding), environment variables not used, no external input sources beyond function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Calls to native module methods (e.g., computeHash, generateRandomData, generateKeyPair, encrypt, decrypt, etc.), which are mocked. No network or file system access visible here, only function calls with data passed as parameters.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (strings, Buffers, objects) through normalization and validation steps, then to native module methods. Results are processed and returned as Buffers or strings, with no data leaks or external transmissions.",
  "anomalies": "The code is a comprehensive test suite with extensive mocking; no suspicious or malicious code, backdoors, or hardcoded secrets detected. No use of environment variables, no network connections, and no dynamic code execution or obfuscation present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs thorough input normalization and validation, ensuring data is handled safely as Buffers or base64-encoded strings before passing to native modules. The tests check for proper error propagation and input handling, with no indication of malicious behavior. The use of mocks isolates the code from system or network operations, focusing solely on interface correctness. There are no hardcoded credentials, no suspicious data flows, and no hidden behaviors. The code appears to be a standard testing setup for cryptographic functions, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a well-structured, extensive test suite for a cryptography library with no detectable malicious intent or security threats. It solely verifies correct function behavior and error handling via mocks. No malware, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities are identified within this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}