{
  "purpose": "The code is a test suite for the 'virgilCrypto' JavaScript module, which provides cryptographic functions such as hashing, key generation, encryption/decryption, signature operations, and group session management within a React Native environment.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function arguments, especially from strings, Buffers, or objects with 'value' and 'encoding' properties. Data is obtained from user input, external files, or other application data passed to cryptographic functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if sensitive data such as private keys, seeds, or encrypted blobs are improperly handled or exposed. Sinks include cryptographic native module calls, especially where private keys or seeds are passed, or when outputs (like encrypted data or signatures) are returned or stored.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arguments (e.g., 'data', 'seed', 'groupId') through internal data normalization, into native module functions, which perform cryptographic operations, then results are returned as Buffers or strings. No external network or file system interaction is evident in the code; however, encrypt/decrypt functions could process sensitive data potentially at risk if misused.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code does not include any network requests, file system access, or backdoors. Usage of mocks indicates this is test code, not production implementation. No obfuscated code or dynamic eval is used. The cryptographic operations appear standard, with proper data normalization and error handling. No anomalies indicating sabotage or malicious intent are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive test suite for cryptographic functions, ensuring correct handling of input data types and proper invocation of native modules. It mocks native functions to verify correct parameter passing and output processing. Sensitive data like private keys or seeds are handled internally with proper encoding/decoding, with no evidence of hardcoded secrets. No network communication, system manipulation, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. Error handling propagates native errors as exceptions, but does not hide or obscure malicious activity. Overall, the code appears to serve legitimate testing purposes without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a test suite for cryptographic operations, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles sensitive data appropriately within tests and does not perform any suspicious network, file, or system actions. The code appears benign and aligned with its purpose of testing cryptographic functionalities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}