{
  "purpose": "This code is a test suite for the virgilCrypto library, used for cryptographic operations in a React Native environment. It tests functions such as hashing, key generation, encryption/decryption, signature calculation, and group session management.",
  "sources": "Data inputs come from test data, mock return values, and function parameters such as strings, Buffers, and objects with 'value' and 'encoding' properties. Data is read from these inputs during function calls.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include calls to native module methods (e.g., computeHash, generateRandomData, generateKeyPair, encrypt, decrypt, sign, verify, group session functions). These are the points where data is passed to native code, which could be malicious if misused.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input variables or function parameters (sources) to native module method calls (sinks). For example, data passed to cryptographic functions flows into native module methods, which process or output data, sometimes returning result buffers or strings.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code uses standard cryptographic practices and testing patterns. All native module interactions are mock-based and do not perform real operations in this context. No suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or obfuscated strings are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive test suite for cryptographic operations. It verifies correct data handling, proper parameter usage, and exception handling. The use of mocks prevents actual native code execution. The test cases include validation of input normalization, data encoding, error re-throwing, and output validation. No suspicious or malicious code patterns, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network communication, are present. The native module functions are only called with expected parameters, and no code performs unauthorized actions.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a standard, well-structured test suite for a cryptographic library. It contains no malicious behavior or security risks. All observed patterns are typical for testing cryptographic functions and data handling, with no signs of sabotage, malware, or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}