{
  "purpose": "This code provides Svelte components for a burger button, side menu, and burger menu with interactive UI behavior. It manages UI state and DOM manipulation for a hamburger menu interface.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include component props (e.g., open, duration, colors, sizes) and user interactions such as click events on the burger button.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation functions (e.g., attr, append, insert, detach), event listeners, and style modifications act as sinks where data flows into DOM updates and event handling.",
  "flows": "User clicks toggle the 'open' state, which updates component props and styles; these propagate to DOM attributes and classes, updating visual appearance and layout. Data flows from user interaction (source) to DOM updates (sink).",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code performs standard DOM manipulations, style updates, and event handling typical for UI components. No obfuscated or dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured as Svelte components for UI elements—burger button, side menu, and burger menu container. It includes style definitions, event listeners (e.g., click toggling open state), and DOM updates through set_style and attr functions. No network activity, data leaks, or suspicious behaviors are present. The logic is straightforward, managing UI state and styles based on props and user actions. No malicious or sabotage code is detected. The overall code appears to be a standard implementation of a hamburger menu interface with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical Svelte UI component set for a hamburger menu. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It solely manages UI interactions and styling without any suspicious data flow or backdoor mechanisms.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}