{
  "purpose": "The code initializes and defines templates for a runtime environment, allowing for template rendering with helpers and partials, and includes utility functions for data manipulation and type checking.",
  "sources": "The code reads the 'EGSRuntime' object from the environment, requiring or importing it, and accesses 'Package' method. It also reads input parameters 'write', 'context', and 'helpers' during template rendering.",
  "sinks": "Potential sink points are the 'write' variable during template rendering, where untrusted 'context' data could be written to output. No other external data sinks are explicitly present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'context' (input) into template functions, particularly through 'helpers.escape' and 'helpers.partial', then into 'write'. No external network or system calls are detected, and 'write' is only used for output.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code behaviors are present. Utility functions for data manipulation are standard. The code does not contain hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors. The presence of utility functions and template setup is typical for templating engines.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a templating system, defining simple templates and functions for rendering output. It performs environment checks, requiring dependencies and throwing errors if dependencies are missing. The utility functions for data conversion and type checking are standard. The template functions handle asynchronous-like flow control, but only within the scope of rendering. No suspicious code, external data exfiltration, or malicious behaviors are identified. The code structure and patterns are consistent with common templating libraries. There are no signs of obfuscated or malicious code patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate template engine setup without any malicious intent or security risks. It securely manages data rendering with proper input handling, and there are no indications of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}