{
  "purpose": "This source code implements a 3D force-directed graph visualization using Three.js, d3-force-3d, and ngraph libraries, providing interactive features like tooltip, node highlighting, and event handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from a specified JSON URL, node and link data properties, user interactions such as mouse movements, clicks, and double clicks, and loads a base64-encoded sprite texture.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests to fetch JSON data, rendering of sprites and lines in WebGL, event callbacks that can be customized externally, and DOM manipulations for tooltips and info messages.",
  "flows": "Data flows from JSON URL or provided graphData into WebGL objects; user interactions are captured via event listeners, which can invoke external callback functions; the force layout updates node/link positions; tooltip and info messages are updated based on interactions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No suspicious network activity is evident; network request uses 'qwest' (assumed external). No dynamically executed code, eval, or obfuscated code present. No hidden backdoors or malicious logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a 3D force graph visualization with user interaction handlers, loads external dependencies (Three.js, d3-force-3d, ngraph), and loads data via an external HTTP request when jsonUrl is provided. It renders nodes as sprites with customizable colors, manages link lines, and includes tooltip and event callback mechanisms. There is no evidence of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or cryptomining. External data is fetched via qwest, but this appears to be a standard data loading method. No suspicious code patterns, such as hidden network connections or code injection, are found. The code appears focused solely on visualization, with safe practices observed. The only external network call is a data fetch, which is typical for dynamic graph data. Overall, the code is consistent with a visualization library without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a standard, well-structured 3D graph visualization module. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage indicators are detected. It is a safe visualization component with external data loading, user interaction, and rendering, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}