{
  "purpose": "The code implements a 3D force-directed graph visualization using Three.js, d3-force-3d, and ngraph libraries. It handles rendering nodes and links, user interactions, and layout calculations.",
  "sources": "Data sources include the 'jsonUrl' (if provided), node and link data within 'graphData' object, and user interactions via mouse events.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are where untrusted data could influence visualization or trigger functions, including node and link properties (like color, size), and event handlers for mouseover, click, double-click, and right-click.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'jsonUrl' fetch (if used) into 'graphData', then into node/link creation, and finally into rendering and user interaction handling. User interactions may trigger callbacks that could execute external code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious domain connections, or malware-like behaviors are evident. The code loads an embedded base64 image for sprites and handles user events. The event handlers are optional and user-defined. No unusual code patterns or obfuscation are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily loads data (possibly from a URL), processes nodes and links, and renders a 3D graph with user interaction support. It includes dynamic data fetching, layout calculation, rendering nodes with sprites, and links with lines/arrows. No code injections, network communications beyond data fetch, or system modifications are detected. All external dependencies are standard visualization libraries. The embedded sprite is a base64 image used for node highlighting. Event handlers are optional and call user-provided functions, which are safe unless the user passes malicious functions. The code does not contain suspicious or malicious behaviors, backdoors, or sabotage indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured visualization implementation with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It safely loads data, visualizes it, and supports user interactions. No malicious behaviors or malware are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}