{
  "purpose": "This code provides a class 'ServerNet' with static methods to perform HTTP GET and POST requests, allowing other parts of an application to make network calls with configurable headers and timeout settings.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from parameters passed to 'httpGet' and 'httpPost' functions, including URL, params, headers, and body data.",
  "sinks": "Network requests made via the 'request' module, where URL, headers, and body data are sent over the network. Potentially untrusted data is included in these requests.",
  "flows": "Input data from function parameters (params, headers, body) flow into request configuration objects. The URL and parameters are concatenated or formatted into request data, which is then sent via the 'request' module to the specified endpoint.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code uses standard request handling; no obfuscation, backdoors, or unusual code structures detected. The code uses 'require' dynamically inside functions, but this is a common pattern in Node.js and not suspicious. No use of eval or other dynamic code execution. No apparent malicious logic such as data exfiltration or system modification is present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard network request operations: constructing query strings, setting headers, managing request options, and handling responses. It uses the 'request' module for HTTP requests, which is typical for Node.js. There are no signs of data leaks, hardcoded secrets, or malicious payloads. The code's structure and logic are straightforward, with proper handling of JSON parsing and error cases. The use of callback functions and Promises aligns with standard asynchronous programming patterns. No suspicious network destinations or code behaviors are evident. Overall, the code appears to be a typical HTTP client implementation with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard implementation of HTTP GET and POST requests in Node.js, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not contain obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms. The code is safe and does not pose security risks based on the provided fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}