{
  "purpose": "The code processes text input to generate a word frequency map, filter stopwords, and perform a similarity search between texts based on word overlap.",
  "sources": "The code reads input text strings provided to the exported function and optional configuration options. It also dynamically requires stopwords JSON files based on language code.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write to files, send data over the network, or execute system commands. It processes in-memory data and requires external stopwords files.",
  "flows": "Input text is transformed into a filtered word map ('textmap'), which is then used to compare with other texts via the 'search' function. The flow involves reading input, filtering, mapping, and comparison.",
  "anomalies": "The dynamic require of 'stopwords-json/dist/' + lang introduces a potential security concern if the language input is manipulated to load arbitrary modules, though this is somewhat mitigated by language code validation. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code behaviors are present. No obfuscated or minified code is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard text processing, including normalization, filtering, and counting word frequencies. The use of dynamic require for stopwords files based on user input could be exploited if an attacker controls the 'lang' parameter and the file system, leading to remote code execution or data leakage if untrusted input is processed. However, the language code is validated for length and converted to lowercase, reducing risk. No network activity, system modifications, or malicious behaviors are present. Overall, the code appears to be a benign text similarity utility with a minor dynamic module load that could be exploited in a targeted attack if inputs are not sanitized.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a text processing utility with minimal security risks. The main concern is the dynamic require based on user input, which could potentially be exploited if untrusted inputs are allowed. No malware or malicious intent is evident. It is safe when used with controlled options.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 4
}