{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to process text data by tokenizing, filtering, and counting words, then providing a search function to compare text similarity based on word occurrence.",
  "sources": "Input data is received via the function parameter 'text' and 'str' (search query). The options parameter influences behavior, including loading stopwords from an external module.",
  "sinks": "The code uses 'require' to load external stopwords JSON files dynamically based on options, and processes text locally without external data transmission or network activity.",
  "flows": "Input text is tokenized and filtered into a word frequency map; the search compares query map against the text map to compute similarity scores. No external data flow beyond the dynamic require for stopwords.",
  "anomalies": "The dynamic require statement 'require('stopwords-json/dist/' + lang)' is notable; it loads language-specific stopword lists based on options. No other suspicious or malicious code behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs text normalization, tokenization, stopword removal, and frequency counting. It dynamically loads stopword data based on options, which could be misused to load unintended modules if 'options.stopwords' is manipulated. The 'search' function computes similarity scores based on shared words. No evidence of malicious activities such as data exfiltration, network connections, or system modifications. The dynamic require could be a concern if manipulated, but it is used here for stopword loading. Overall, the logic is straightforward and does not contain malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a text processing utility with a dynamic stopword loader. No signs of malware or malicious behavior are present. The only potential concern is the dynamic require statement, which could be exploited if user-controlled options are manipulated, but in normal operation, it is benign. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}