{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to process CSS styles, adapt them for different device specifications, and generate media queries and style variations accordingly.",
  "sources": "Reads CSS files and inline style strings from the provided file inputs. Uses regex patterns to extract CSS rules, media queries, keyframes, and URLs.",
  "sinks": "Transforms and rewrites CSS rules, media queries, keyframes, and URLs. Potentially modifies URLs for images and re-generates CSS code, but does not send data externally or execute code from untrusted sources.",
  "flows": "Source inputs (CSS files) are read, parsed using regex patterns, transformed through functions (e.g., URL replacement, style adaptation), and then written back to files. URL replacement can modify image URLs based on replaceurl parameter.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code performs complex regex-based parsing and style transformations. No obfuscated code or unusual runtime behaviors identified. The use of regex for parsing CSS could be considered complex but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles CSS parsing and transformation, with functions for replacing URLs, generating media queries, and adjusting style values based on device DPI and ratios. It uses regex patterns to extract and modify CSS rules, keyframes, and media queries. The URL replacement feature allows modifying image URLs, which is a common practice in CSS pre-processing. No network activity, external data exfiltration, or system command execution present. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets or credentials. Its complexity and regex-based parsing are consistent with CSS processing tasks and do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a CSS processing utility intended to adapt styles for different device specifications. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or malware characteristics. Its complexity is typical for CSS manipulation scripts, with no signs of hidden backdoors, data theft, or external communications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}