{
  "purpose": "The code processes CSS files to adapt styles for different device widths, orientations, and pixel ratios, converting units and applying media query adjustments for responsive design.",
  "sources": "File system reads via 'grunt.file.read', and CSS content provided through file input, with some pattern matching and replacements within the code.",
  "sinks": "Writing back processed CSS files via 'grunt.file.write'. No direct untrusted output or data leaks are evident; the code mostly manipulates strings and files internally.",
  "flows": "Reads CSS files -> processes content through regex-based parsing, unit conversions, media query modifications, URL replacements -> writes output CSS files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior detected. The code includes complex regex patterns and CSS transformations, but these are consistent with CSS preprocessing tools. No obfuscated or malicious code structures are present. There are extensive URL replacement functions, but they do not appear malicious; they are designed to modify image URLs based on configuration.",
  "analysis": "The script is a CSS adapter that handles media queries, unit conversions, and URL replacements for responsive design purposes. It includes functions to parse CSS, replace image URLs, convert rem to px, and generate media queries based on device widths and pixel ratios. All regex patterns and functions serve typical CSS processing tasks. No indications of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, system commands, network connections to suspicious domains, or system modifications are observed. The URL replacement is configurable and limited to adjusting URLs within CSS. The code avoids obfuscation, and all complex functions perform legitimate CSS transformations. The only potentially concerning aspect is the extensive use of regex for CSS parsing, but given the context, this is typical for such tools. Overall, the code appears benign and intended for responsive CSS preprocessing.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}