{
  "purpose": "The code is a CSS processing utility that adapts style sheets for different screen widths and device pixel ratios, including media query adjustments, unit conversions (px to rem), and URL replacements.",
  "sources": "Reads CSS files from specified source paths; extracts CSS rules, media queries, and URL references within CSS content.",
  "sinks": "Modifies CSS rule values, media queries, URLs, and keyframes; writes transformed CSS content to destination files.",
  "flows": "Input CSS files -> parsing and modification functions (e.g., to_styles, U, K, V) -> output CSS content written to destination files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. No obfuscated code present. Usage of dynamic regex and string manipulations appears standard for CSS processing.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs CSS parsing, media query adjustments, URL rewriting, and unit conversions. It uses regex to extract and replace CSS rules, keyframes, and media queries. Functions like V handle URL replacements, U handles image URL modifications, and K processes keyframes. The code also adjusts CSS values based on device pixel ratios and media query conditions. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data theft, remote code execution, or network communication beyond CSS manipulation. The presence of configuration options and standard CSS processing routines suggests it is a utility for responsive styling adjustments rather than malware. The code structure and logic are consistent with legitimate CSS processing tasks.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a CSS stylesheet adapter that processes CSS files for responsive design purposes. It performs regex-based parsing and modifications without any signs of malicious intent or malicious payloads. It neither reads sensitive environment variables nor performs network communications or file operations beyond reading input and writing output files. Overall, it appears to be a standard, benign utility for CSS adaptation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}