{
  "purpose": "The code functions as a resource controller managing CRUD operations, relations, permissions, and external API calls for reference resolution within an ORM-based system.",
  "sources": "Data is read from request parameters, content payloads, environment variables (for debug flags), and ORM definitions. External API calls are made via sendRequest and sendUnauthenticatedRequest for reference resolution and metadata.",
  "sinks": "External API endpoints, dynamic URL constructions, and event emissions. Potential data leaks or malicious activity could occur if external endpoints are compromised or inputs are not validated, but no such issues are evident.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from request parameters and content into ORM models and filters. External API calls occur during reference resolution, with URL and filter parameters derived from request data. Data flows from models to database or external services, and event emissions signal internal processes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code patterns. Environment variables for debug flags are used but do not indicate malicious intent. External requests are standard for reference resolution. No obfuscation or backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive resource controller utilizing ORM for CRUD and relation management, with external API calls for reference resolution. No malicious or sabotage patterns are present. External requests are part of normal resource management, and the code is well-structured. The malware score is 0, consistent with the absence of malicious payloads. Obfuscation score is 0, as the code is clear and readable. The security risk score is around 0.2-0.3, reflecting potential concerns with external API interactions but no direct malicious activity. The scores across all reports are justified and align with the code's behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate resource controller with standard patterns and external API interactions for reference resolution. No evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain compromise is detected. The current scores are appropriate, with malware and obfuscation scores at 0, and a low to moderate security risk score around 0.2-0.3. Proper validation and security measures should be enforced in deployment, but no immediate concerns are warranted based on this analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}