{
  "purpose": "The code appears to parse string literals into structured representations, distinguishing between function calls, primitives, and expressions, possibly for evaluation or transformation purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data is the 'literal' parameter passed into the __parse() and parse() functions, representing code-like strings to be parsed.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of parseArguments_1.default and parseExpression_1.default, which may process untrusted input, but without details of their implementation, their risk is uncertain. No direct data leaks or system interactions are evident.",
  "flows": "The input 'literal' flows through __parse(), where it is analyzed for function calls or primitives, and the result is reconstructed in parse(). No external or network data interactions are apparent.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are detected. The code relies on imported modules for parsing, which are not detailed. The regex usage for destructuring and function detection appears standard. No obfuscated code or malicious patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs parsing of string literals into structured objects, detecting function calls via regex, and processing nested expressions recursively. It carefully handles base cases to avoid infinite recursion. No external system interactions or security-sensitive operations are present. The reliance on external parsing modules without their implementation details limits a full security assessment, but the code itself appears to be a straightforward parser without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard parsing utility for processing string expressions into structured objects. There are no signs of malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or suspicious data handling. The overall risk is minimal, assuming external modules are safe. No malicious intent or security risks are evident from the code itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}