{
  "purpose": "This code executes an external C preprocessor ('cpp') process on a given file path and captures its output.",
  "sources": "The input data source is the 'file_path' parameter passed to the exported function.",
  "sinks": "The code invokes the 'cpp' process; the output of this process is captured from stdout and returned.",
  "flows": "The 'file_path' parameter flows into the 'spawn' command as an argument to 'cpp'; the output from 'cpp' flows into the 'resolve' function as the result.",
  "anomalies": "The code executes an external process ('cpp') directly on a user-provided file path without validation, which could lead to command injection if 'file_path' is untrusted. No validation or sanitization of 'file_path' is performed. The code does not handle errors from 'cpp' explicitly beyond rejecting the promise. No suspicious or malicious behavior is immediately evident, but executing external processes on untrusted input poses a security risk.",
  "analysis": "The code exports a function that takes a file path, spawns a child process to run 'cpp -P' on that file, and captures the output. It uses Node.js's 'child_process' module. The input 'file_path' is directly used in the spawn command without sanitization, which could allow command injection if the input is manipulated maliciously. The process's stdout is collected asynchronously, and the data is joined and returned. Error handling is basic, rejecting the promise on 'error'. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code patterns are present. There are no signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity. The code's purpose appears to be to preprocess files with the C preprocessor.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward wrapper around the 'cpp' command-line tool, executing it on a user-supplied file path. The primary concern is the lack of input validation, which could lead to command injection if 'file_path' is untrusted. No malicious behavior or malware signs are detected, but the external process invocation should be secured.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 1
}