{
  "purpose": "To run the C preprocessor ('cpp') on a specified file and return its output as a string.",
  "sources": "The 'file_path' parameter, which is used as an argument to the 'cpp' command.",
  "sinks": "The 'spawn' process executes external command 'cpp', and its stdout data is collected and returned.",
  "flows": "The 'file_path' input flows into the 'spawn' command as an argument; the output data from 'cpp' flows into the 'data' array and is eventually resolved as the promise result.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. Usage of 'child_process.spawn' to run an external command is standard but could be risky if 'file_path' is untrusted, leading to command injection. No input validation or sanitization on 'file_path' is present, which could allow injection if 'file_path' is manipulated. The code does not sanitize or validate the input parameter.",
  "analysis": "The code imports 'spawn' from 'child_process' to execute the external 'cpp' command with '-P' and a provided file path. It sets up event listeners to collect output data and resolve the promise with the combined output. The primary concern is that 'file_path' is directly passed to the external command without validation or sanitization, which may lead to command injection if 'file_path' is untrusted and contains malicious input. However, the use of 'spawn' with arguments as an array reduces injection risk compared to 'exec'. The code appears straightforward and does not contain malicious payloads or backdoors. It performs a standard operation of invoking an external process and handling its output.",
  "conclusion": "The code securely spawns a 'cpp' process to process a given file and returns its output. The main security concern is the lack of validation of 'file_path', which could pose a risk if user-controlled data is passed directly. No malicious behavior or malware is evident. Overall, it is a simple, standard implementation with a minor risk related to input validation.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 5
}