{
  "purpose": "This source code implements a RoseChart class for rendering interactive rose (radial) charts using HTML5 Canvas, with support for animation, tooltip display, and responsive resizing.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'option' object provided during instantiation, series data within that object, and DOM elements such as container and parent DOMs. Mouse events read untrusted cursor positions.",
  "sinks": "Drawing on Canvas context (pen) with colors, possibly influenced by series data. Tooltip elements created with innerHTML, positioned based on mouse coordinates. Event listeners for 'mousemove', 'click', and 'resize'.",
  "flows": "Mouse position (source) → isInPath method determines if cursor is within chart sectors → affected series item is highlighted (drawn with highlight color) or tooltip divs are created and positioned. Resize events trigger update, redrawing chart with new dimensions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. No suspicious network requests or external domain connections present. No code for system modification, file access, or data exfiltration observed. Obvious animation functions and calculations, no dynamic code execution, no eval, no obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a RoseChart class that initializes a canvas-based radial chart, calculating sector angles, radii, and indicator points. It handles user interactions such as hover and click to highlight sectors and show tooltips. Event handlers are properly attached and detached. No external network activity or system modifications are present. The code relies on DOM APIs and Canvas API for rendering, and the logic appears consistent with visualization routines. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage detected. The code's purpose is purely visualization with interactive features.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of an interactive rose chart visualization component. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage. All interactions and calculations are related to rendering and user interaction handling. No suspicious or harmful patterns identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}