{
  "purpose": "Provide a JavaScript calculator library with chaining capabilities for arithmetic operations, supporting different module systems and global window assignment.",
  "sources": "Global variables (VERSION), function parameters, environment detection (require, define, window), and local variables within functions and classes.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks that process untrusted input or data outputs; calculations are performed internally without external data transmission or system modification.",
  "flows": "Input data (numbers passed to methods) flow through calculation functions, with intermediate results stored in variables and objects. No external data sources or sinks are involved.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code uses standard module pattern and mathematical calculations; no dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or unusual behavior observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a calculator library supporting chained operations and basic arithmetic functions. It includes environment detection for module systems and global window assignment, which is typical for libraries. The internal functions handle calculations with care to avoid floating-point inaccuracies. There are no signs of malicious code such as network requests, file access, or system modification. The logic is straightforward, focusing solely on mathematical operations without external effects. No anomalies like hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or data leaks are present. The code's purpose is clear, and it does not interact with the system or network beyond performing calculations.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard calculator library with no indicators of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It appears safe for use. The confidence level is high as the code is transparent and lacks suspicious patterns.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}