{
  "purpose": "The code appears to calculate color constants based on luminance and contrast adjustments, likely for color or contrast management in a visual system.",
  "sources": "Inputs are 'color' (object with r, g, b properties), 'contrast' (numeric input), and internally used constants such as MIN_CONSTANT_VALUE.",
  "sinks": "Calculated constants (r, g, b) returned for further use; no direct data leakage points or network operations observed.",
  "flows": "Inputs (color, contrast) are processed through luminance and scenario functions to derive adjusted color constants, with intermediate values stored in variables like dRL and constants like minConstant and maxConstant.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code performs mathematical operations consistent with color processing. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious external interactions are present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a scenario module and defines multiple functions to calculate constants related to color luminance and contrast. It computes minimum and maximum constants based on color values and uses scenario functions to decide which color scenario applies. The main function 'constant' computes a desired relative luminance, derives initial constants, and adjusts these constants based on scenario conditions. The logic seems to follow standard color and luminance adjustment algorithms without any suspicious or malicious logic. No external network calls, no data exfiltration, nor any code that manipulates system files or environment variables are present. The code is structured to perform mathematical calculations for color constants, which appear to be standard and legitimate.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate color processing module focused on luminance and contrast adjustments. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The functions and calculations are consistent with color science operations. No suspicious or malicious anomalies were detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}