{
  "purpose": "This module provides utility functions for executing and processing 'tendo' queries, including templating, file handling, and command execution, primarily for runtime tokenization and query execution.",
  "sources": "Input data includes files read via 'fs.readFileSync', options passed into functions, and 'params' for query customization.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include 'fs.writeFileSync' for writing temporary files, 'tendo.execute' for running external commands, and data returned via callbacks. These can be exploited if untrusted data is processed maliciously.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (file reads, parameters) through template processing and into temporary files, then into external command execution via 'tendo.execute'. Results are read back into memory and passed to callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic templating with lodash's template settings, creation of temp files with extensions, and direct execution of external commands. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious domains detected. The code assumes 'tendo' is safe and controlled.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles templating, file creation, and command execution using 'tendo'. It reads files, performs string interpolation, writes temp files, and invokes external commands. No suspicious network activity or hardcoded credentials observed. The dynamic templating and command execution could pose risks if 'file' inputs or 'params' are maliciously crafted, leading to command injection or file manipulation. However, the code itself does not implement insecure practices beyond normal dynamic execution, and 'tendo' is a known utility. No evidence of malicious behavior like data exfiltration or backdoors. The overall structure appears to be utility-based, with standard library use.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not demonstrate malicious intent or malware behavior. It functions as a utility module for templating and executing queries with 'tendo'. Risks are limited to potential injection if untrusted data is used improperly, but no direct malicious activities are evident. Overall, the package appears safe but should be reviewed if inputs are user-controlled.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}