{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions to parse and transform design tokens into various CSS-compatible formats for use in styling systems.",
  "sources": "Functions process input data through method parameters such as 'designTokens' and 'colorGroups'. Input is provided via these parameters, which are objects or arrays passed into each function.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily generates and returns transformed objects or arrays. No direct data leaks, network requests, or file manipulations are present. No potential sinks are evident that could be exploited.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (designTokens, colorGroups) through parsing and mapping operations, transforming into CSS variable formats, style objects, or mappings. No external or untrusted data sources or sinks are used.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward and conventional for design token processing. There are no suspicious dynamic code evaluations, network operations, or obfuscated code. Commented-out code is benign but indicates previous potential for default color handling.",
  "analysis": "The module exports a set of functions to parse various design tokens—spacing, colors, borders, shadows, fonts, etc.—from provided objects. The functions perform pattern matching, string replacement, and object reduction to produce style-compatible outputs. No external data fetching, system commands, or sensitive data handling is observed. The code employs regex for pattern matching but only for naming conventions and color formatting, which are typical operations. The commented section regarding default colors does not execute, posing no risk. Overall, the code lacks behavior indicative of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware. The functions serve their stated purpose without introducing security vulnerabilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a safe utility module for processing design tokens with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It performs standard data transformation operations relevant to styling systems. No external network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection mechanisms are present. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}