{
  "purpose": "The code is a set of utility functions to parse and transform design tokens related to spacing, colors, borders, shadows, fonts, and other style properties into structured objects or CSS variables.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the parameters 'designTokens' and 'colorGroups' passed to each function. It processes properties such as name, value, theme, fontFamily, fontSize, lineHeight, and fontWeight within these objects.",
  "sinks": "The functions produce transformed objects or CSS variable strings, which are returned to the caller. There are no external network or file system interactions; no untrusted data flows outside of parameter processing.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'designTokens' input parameters through various parsing functions, with regex matching for extracting themes and names, into formatted objects or CSS variable mappings. No dangerous data flows or command executions are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs pattern matching and string replacement on token values (e.g., rgba format adjustments, px removal). No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are evident. Commented-out code suggests potential for extension but no malicious activity. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The functions mainly handle data transformation and formatting, including regex parsing of token names for themes, conditional grouping of color tokens, and conversion of size and shadow properties. No operations suggest malicious intent. The regex patterns are used for string extraction, and replacements modify formatting for CSS compatibility. The code does not perform any network requests, system modifications, or execute untrusted code. All functions appear to serve legitimate styling purposes, with no anomalies or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of benign utility functions for design token parsing and formatting. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or security risks. The processing logic is straightforward and focused on data formatting, with no indicators of malicious intent or security vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}