{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions to parse various design tokens such as spacing, color, border radius, border width, box shadow, font family, size, and weight, converting them into structured JavaScript objects or CSS variable formats for use in styling.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the input parameter 'designTokens' (arrays of token objects with properties like name, value, theme, fontFamily, fontSize, lineHeight, fontWeight). It also processes token names via regex matching.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily processes tokens and generates new objects or strings; it does not perform external network requests, execute system commands, or handle untrusted input in a way that could cause injection or data leakage. No direct sinks for untrusted data are identified.",
  "flows": "The data flows from input 'designTokens' into processing functions that map, filter, and reduce the data to produce structured token objects or CSS variables. There are no external data sinks or network communication points in the code.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, suspicious code, or obfuscated code are present. The regex patterns are straightforward, and the code appears to process design tokens as intended. The commented-out code hints at potential extension but is not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code cleanly processes design tokens into structured formats, converting values, generating CSS variable names, and categorizing tokens. All regex patterns and string manipulations are standard and do not suggest malicious intent. The functions do not perform any external network communication, file operations, or code execution. The code is consistent with typical design token processing scripts.",
  "conclusion": "There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware in this code. It is a standard utility module for transforming design tokens into usable styles. No malicious signals or security risks are detected based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}