{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React component for an interactive organizational chart with features like zooming, panning, exporting images, and hierarchy management.",
  "sources": "Reads data from the 'datasource' prop, interacts with DOM elements for user events, accesses window and document properties, and uses external libraries such as 'json-digger', 'html2canvas', and 'jspdf'.",
  "sinks": "Uses data from 'datasource' and user input events to modify the component state and DOM styles; exports images via 'html2canvas' and 'jspdf' functions; triggers file download through dynamically clicked anchor element.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'datasource' into component state and 'json-digger' for hierarchical manipulation; user interactions trigger functions that modify the component state, styles, or export images; export functions generate files from canvas images.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code detected. External libraries are used appropriately for intended features. The code handles image export and DOM manipulations securely. No obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic execution, or suspicious variable naming is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component managing organizational chart visualization with features such as zooming, panning, hierarchy adjustment, and export to PNG/PDF. It uses standard React hooks and event handlers for interaction. External libraries are used for DOM canvas rendering and PDF generation, which are common for such features. The 'datasource' is passed as a prop and manipulated via 'json-digger' for hierarchy changes. Export functions use 'html2canvas' and 'jspdf' securely. No indicators of malicious behavior, data leakage, or hidden backdoors are found. The code performs expected functions related to UI interactions and file exports with no suspicious network activity or system-level operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React component for chart visualization with no malicious or suspicious activity detected. It uses standard libraries for rendering and exporting visual data. No security risks or malware signals are present based on the analyzed code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}