{
  "purpose": "This source code implements a React-based organizational chart component with functionalities such as zooming, panning, exporting images, and modifying hierarchy through drag-and-drop. It manages visualization and user interactions for a chart visualization tool.",
  "sources": "Inputs include the 'datasource' prop, DOM events (click, wheel, mouse/touch events), and internal functions accessing DOM elements and external libraries. Data is read from 'datasource', DOM event objects, and component state.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive operations include exporting the chart as image or PDF, which uses external libraries (html2canvas, jspdf). The code does not execute untrusted data directly but converts visual representations into files. No direct sinks for code injection or malicious network actions are present.",
  "flows": "User interactions (clicks, drags, zooms) trigger DOM event handlers that modify component state or generate outputs. The 'exportTo' function captures a canvas snapshot and generates files, but no dynamic code execution or network communication based on untrusted input occurs.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for a React visualization component, with no hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or backdoors. The code handles standard operations without unusual language features or suspicious logic. It uses external libraries responsibly, with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component for an organizational chart with features like zoom, pan, export, and hierarchy modification. It interacts with the DOM and external libraries but does not process untrusted input in a way that could lead to code injection or data leaks. The export functions utilize 'html2canvas' and 'jspdf' to generate image and PDF files. No suspicious network connections, hidden backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The logic is consistent with typical visualization tools, and no anomalies such as hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React component for visualizing and interacting with organizational charts. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks beyond normal application concerns. The implementation responsibly uses external libraries and handles user interactions securely.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}