{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React component for rendering and interacting with an organizational chart, including features like panning, zooming, exporting as PDF/PNG, and dynamic hierarchy modification.",
  "sources": "Data is primarily read from the 'datasource' prop, and from DOM events such as mouse and touch interactions. External libraries (json-digger, html2canvas, jspdf) are used for data manipulation and exporting.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data could originate from user interactions (mouse/touch events) and DOM manipulations. Export functions generate image or PDF files based on user-initiated actions, and download links are used for file saving.",
  "flows": "User interactions (click, drag, zoom, pan) modify transformation matrices or trigger exports. Data modifications occur through changeHierarchy, which updates the internal JSON data structure. Export functions capture the DOM as images or PDFs and trigger downloads.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are detected. The code contains complex UI interaction logic and external library calls, but no suspicious or malicious code segments are evident. No obfuscated code or hidden network activity is present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a typical React component with standard features for a diagram or chart UI. It handles user input, manipulates state, and exports visual content. All external dependencies are well-known libraries without suspicious behavior. No signs of malicious behavior such as system info exfiltration, hidden network communication, or sabotage are present. The code structure is typical for a React-based visualization tool and does not contain obfuscation or malware patterns.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the thorough review, there is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks in this code segment. It functions as a UI component for organizational chart visualization and export. The code appears safe and does not pose security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}