{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React component for rendering and interacting with an organizational chart, including features like zooming, panning, and exporting the chart as an image or PDF.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'datasource' prop, DOM events (clicks, wheel, touches), and the DOM elements' styles and dimensions.",
  "sinks": "Export functions generate images (PNG, PDF) via canvas and jsPDF libraries, but do not send data externally. The code also triggers downloads of images, which is standard behavior.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'datasource' to the chart rendering via 'attachRel' and 'dsDigger'. User interactions (clicks, zoom, pan) modify the chart view or trigger export functions that generate image data. Exported images are downloaded directly through browser APIs.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses common libraries (react, json-digger, html2canvas, jspdf) without any obfuscated or suspicious code. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No suspicious network activity or system modifications are evident. The code's purpose is UI rendering and exporting; no malicious intent is apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component for visualizing and exporting a hierarchical chart. It manages state for pan and zoom interactions, uses libraries for DOM rendering and image generation, and provides an API for external control via ref. All operations are within standard UI and export functionalities. No signs of malware, malicious data handling, or security risks are detected. The code does not include any network calls, reverse shells, or data leaks. It relies solely on client-side APIs and libraries for rendering and exporting.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard React component for chart visualization with export features. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It is safe for use, given the provided code, with a confidence score of 0.9.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}