{
  "purpose": "This code implements an image cropping modal component with zoom and rotation controls, integrating React components and third-party libraries to facilitate image editing within a web application.",
  "sources": "Reads input data primarily from user-uploaded files via the beforeUpload hook, and image sources passed through props (src). It also reads DOM media elements to get natural image dimensions.",
  "sinks": "Processes include creating image blobs and files for upload, rendering images onto canvas, and passing cropped images via callbacks or promises. No data is sent over network or stored locally within this code.",
  "flows": "Input data (uploaded files or image URLs) flow into the cropping interface; user manipulates crop, zoom, or rotation; upon completion, image data is processed into a blob or file; then, it triggers callback or resolves promise for further handling. No external network sinks are present.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The only dynamic code is related to image processing and React state management, which is standard. No indications of malicious privacy violations or data leaks.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages image uploading, cropping, and processing, using React and third-party libraries like '@astvision/react-easy-crop' and 'antd'. It handles user inputs securely via promises and callbacks. The image manipulation involves drawing on an off-screen canvas, generating blobs and files for upload. There are no network connections, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. All data flows are controlled and related to image editing functions. No anomalous or malicious behavior is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as an image cropping component with zoom and rotation features, using standard libraries and practices. No malicious behavior or sabotage is evident. It handles user-uploaded images securely and processes them locally without any suspicious external communication or privacy violations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}