{
  "purpose": "The code implements an image cropping component with functionalities for zooming, rotating, and cropping images, typically used in a web application interface. It manages image upload, preview, and editing within modal dialogs.",
  "sources": "Data sources include file input (via 'beforeUpload' callback), image URLs (props.src), and media loaded from user files. Input from user interactions such as file selection and slider adjustments are also sources.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include creating a File object, generating a Blob from canvas, and invoking resolve or reject functions for promises related to the upload process. These are used to pass the processed file back to the parent component or caller.",
  "flows": "Flow begins with user uploading an image, which triggers 'beforeUpload' and loads image data into state. User manipulates zoom/rotate controls, affecting the crop area. Upon confirmation, image data is drawn onto a canvas, rotated if needed, and converted to a Blob or File object, then passed to the promise resolution or callback functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are detected. The code relies solely on standard React and browser APIs, with typical image processing and user interaction handling. No dynamic code execution or external network calls are present that could be malicious. The style injection is straightforward CSS injection, with no obfuscation or suspicious code snippets.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a React-based image cropping interface with functionalities for uploading, zooming, rotating, and cropping images. It uses standard React hooks, callbacks, and component props. The 'beforeUpload' hook manages file input, and image processing involves drawing onto an HTML canvas, rotating, and cropping. Blob/File creation and callback invocations are typical for file uploads. There are no indicators of malicious activity such as network communications, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The style injection is benign, applying CSS styles. Overall, the code appears to be a typical open-source image cropping component with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React image cropping module with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It handles image uploads, editing, and output using conventional methods. No malicious signals or suspicious anomalies were identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}