{
  "purpose": "The code provides React components for image cropping and editing functionalities, including zoom and rotation controls, with a UI modal for user interaction.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from file uploads, specifically the image file and its metadata, and from component props such as 'src', 'aspect', 'shape', 'grid', etc. It also reads media size when an image loads.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include the processed image blob created via canvas, which is then passed to a user-defined 'beforeUpload' callback or resolution functions. It does not directly leak data but potentially exposes image data during processing.",
  "flows": "Source data (uploaded file or image URL) flows into image rendering and cropping processes, and eventually into a canvas for image manipulation. The processed image blob flows into callback functions, which may trigger uploads or further processing.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. All operations are typical for an image cropper UI. No obfuscated or unusual code constructs detected. The style injection is standard for styling modal UI components.",
  "analysis": "The code implements an image cropping modal component with zoom and rotation controls. It uses React hooks, standard DOM manipulation for canvas processing, and typical file upload handling. The image processing involves creating a canvas, rotating, cropping, and converting to blob for upload or further use. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network connections to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The only potential concern is that the image data is processed client-side and passed via callback functions, but this is standard for image editors. No obfuscation, malware, or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard React image cropper component without malicious intent or security risks. It performs typical operations for client-side image editing and does not contain any malicious behavior or malware indicators.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}