{
  "purpose": "This code defines multiple asynchronous generator functions for scraping event data from various websites, transforming the data, and yielding event objects with standardized fields.",
  "sources": "Data sources include network requests to external URLs (via fetch), URL parameters, and DOM queries (via jsdom). The code also reads script content for extracting parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve network requests (fetch), DOM parsing, and URL object creation. Data fetched from the network and processed is primarily used for data collection.",
  "flows": "Data is fetched from external URLs, parsed via DOM or JSON, processed (e.g., date parsing, URL construction), and yielded as event objects. No untrusted data flows into critical system operations beyond network requests and parsing.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behavior, hardcoded credentials, or obfuscated code. The code performs standard web scraping tasks with proper use of fetch, URL, and DOM APIs. No dynamic code execution or hidden backdoors observed.",
  "analysis": "The script employs asynchronous generator functions to perform paginated web scraping from multiple sites, transforming raw data into structured event objects. It uses external libraries like jsdom and node-fetch safely for data retrieval and parsing. The code structure appears typical for data collection scripts. No suspicious patterns such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors are detected. All network requests are to legitimate URLs, and DOM parsing is straightforward. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code's primary function is data aggregation with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard web scraping utility designed for collecting event data from multiple sources. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It is a well-structured data collection script with no concerning anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}