{
  "purpose": "The code defines multiple asynchronous generator functions to scrape event data from various web sources and process it for further use.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from URL requests and web page content via fetch calls and DOM parsing; it also processes URL parameters and query strings.",
  "sinks": "Data is fetched from external sources; URLs are constructed and used for network requests. No direct data leakage or untrusted data sink manipulation detected.",
  "flows": "Input data (URL responses, DOM content) flows into parsing functions, which extract event information, and then yields processed event objects; no dangerous data flow detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically constructs functions with new Function() that execute code from a string derived from HTML script tags, which could potentially be malicious if the scripts are compromised. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. Use of console.warn is benign but may leak information in production. No suspicious network connections other than legitimate API requests are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs web scraping and data extraction from multiple websites using fetch, DOM parsing, and dynamic function creation. The dynamic Function() invocation on script tags from the webpage could be exploited if the webpage’s scripts are malicious or manipulated, leading to execution of untrusted code. Other parts, such as network requests and data processing, appear standard and legitimate. No evidence of malicious behavior like system control, data exfiltration, or unauthorized access is present. The use of dynamic code evaluation is a potential security risk but not inherently malicious; it depends on external content integrity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed for web scraping and data processing of event information from multiple sources. It contains a potentially risky dynamic function evaluation that could execute malicious scripts if the webpage is compromised, but there is no direct malicious intent or malware present. The overall security risk is low but warrants caution due to dynamic code execution from webpage scripts.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 3
}