{
  "purpose": "Analysis of open-source JavaScript dependency for malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks, focusing on code patterns, obfuscation, and suspicious activities.",
  "sources": "Reading environment variables, input parameters, network/file operations, dynamic code evaluation (eval-like), external calls, and configuration data.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks via environment variables, network connections, file system modifications, or dynamic code execution paths.",
  "flows": "Sources such as environment variables or inputs flow into dynamic evals or network/file operations, which could lead to data exfiltration or system compromise.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of dynamic eval usage, but no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious external calls. No obfuscation detected. Limited or no code provided in some reports.",
  "analysis": "The code snippets primarily involve standard data processing with some dynamic eval usage, which is common but risky. No malicious patterns, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors are observed. The absence of code in some reports limits analysis, but scores reflect this. Dynamic eval usage warrants cautious scoring but does not confirm malicious intent. The malware scores are consistently zero, indicating no evidence of malicious activity. Security risk scores are modest (around 0.2), acknowledging potential risks from eval but justified by the benign nature of the code. Confidence levels align with the amount of available information, with higher confidence in reports containing code and lower where code is absent.",
  "conclusion": "The overall assessment indicates no active malicious behavior or sabotage in the analyzed dependencies. The cautious scores for security risk reflect awareness of eval-related risks but are justified given the lack of malicious activity. The reports are consistent and appropriately cautious, with no evidence warranting higher threat levels.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}