{
  "purpose": "This source code generates QR codes in JavaScript, supporting multiple versions, modes, and error correction levels, and provides functions to create QR code matrices and render them onto a canvas.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters such as 'data' in generateFrame and buildCanvas. Uses options parameters to customize output. No external data sources or environment variables are accessed.",
  "sinks": "Processes input data for encoding into QR code modules; outputs are graphical representations (canvas data). No sinks lead to network, file, or external system interactions.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through validation functions, encoding, ECC calculations, and matrix generation steps, ultimately leading to rendering commands for drawing QR modules on canvas.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code structures or dynamic code execution. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors. Code comments and variable naming are straightforward and standard for QR code generation.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard QR code generation procedures, including version selection, data validation, encoding, ECC calculation, matrix creation, masking, and rendering. It uses well-known algorithms and data structures, such as Galois field mappings and polynomial calculations. No suspicious or malicious activities are evident, such as network communication, file access, or data exfiltration. The code does not execute or evaluate untrusted input beyond standard validation. The code is modular, clean, and appears to implement a legitimate QR code generator with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of a QR code generator with no malicious intent. It is safe and does not contain malware or security risks based on static analysis. The code performs expected functions for QR code creation without any suspicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}