{
  "purpose": "This code provides cryptographic functions for generating salts, hashing data, comparing hashes, and extracting rounds from hashes, primarily for password security or similar use cases.",
  "sources": "Reads include require statements for modules ('@mapbox/node-pre-gyp', 'path', 'crypto', './promises') and internal functions accessing input parameters such as data, salt, and hash.",
  "sinks": "Uses bindings to native functions ('gen_salt_sync', 'gen_salt', 'encrypt_sync', 'encrypt', 'compare_sync', 'compare') which process the input data and salts, potentially exposing sensitive data if misused. Also calls 'crypto.randomBytes' to generate cryptographically secure random bytes.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., data, salt) flow into native encryption and comparison functions; randomBytes flows into salt generation; functions may convert data or generate salts based on parameters and pass to bindings for cryptographic operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No suspicious network activity or system calls observed. The code correctly uses 'crypto.randomBytes' for secure salt generation. The structure is consistent with standard cryptographic utility modules. No obfuscated code or unusual language features detected.",
  "analysis": "The module exposes functions to generate salts (sync and async), hash data (sync and async), compare data against hashes (sync and async), and retrieve rounds from a hash. It properly checks inputs, handles errors asynchronously, and utilizes secure random byte generation. The native bindings perform core cryptographic operations. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity. All input validation appears appropriate, and no suspicious code anomalies are present. The code appears to be a standard cryptographic utility, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard cryptographic utility module for hashing and comparing data, with proper input validation and secure random generation. There are no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage. The use of native bindings is typical for performance-sensitive cryptographic operations. Overall, the code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}