{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a syntax highlighting and code prettification library (likely Google Code Prettify) used to display source code with syntax highlighting in web pages.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from DOM elements (like <pre>, <code>, <xmp>) and class names for language detection; it also accesses document styles and elements during syntax highlighting.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable sinks include DOM manipulation (e.g., setting innerHTML, appending children), and applying classNames which could lead to script execution if combined with malicious content; however, the code itself primarily processes and decorates static source code content.",
  "flows": "Source data is obtained from DOM elements' inner content or class attributes; processed and decorated source code is then injected back into the DOM via innerHTML and DOM node manipulations for syntax highlighting display.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activity are present. The code is heavily focused on parsing, tokenizing, and decorating source code snippets for display. The code's complexity is consistent with syntax highlighters and does not show signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a syntax highlighting library that tokenizes source code for different programming languages and decorates the code snippets for presentation. It uses regular expressions for language detection and applies classes for styling. It processes DOM elements, replacing inner content with decorated, styled code snippets. There are no network calls, no data exfiltration, nor code that performs malicious actions. The presence of such a library is typical for code documentation or educational sites. No suspicious code patterns or behaviors indicative of malware or malicious intent are observed.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a syntax highlighting library used for displaying code snippets with styles. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. Its purpose is benign, related to code presentation. No signs of malware or malicious activity are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}