{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a large, complex syntax highlighting and code prettification library, likely used for formatting code snippets in web pages or documentation.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the DOM elements, class names, and possibly external scripts or inputs related to syntax highlighting. It does not seem to read user input or environment variables directly.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to DOM elements, modifies class names, and creates elements like 'pre', 'li', and 'ol'. It processes source code snippets for syntax highlighting but does not appear to send data over the network or access system resources.",
  "flows": "Data flows from DOM source nodes into processing functions that generate decorated or formatted HTML, then injects back into DOM elements for display. There is no indication of untrusted data being sent elsewhere.",
  "anomalies": "The code is highly obfuscated and minified, with complex functions handling regex-based syntax highlighting. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. No suspicious network activity or external data access observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a syntax highlighter (possibly Google Code Prettify or similar), containing large regex patterns, language-specific keyword lists, and DOM manipulation routines. It employs obfuscation but uses standard techniques for syntax highlighting. No signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, system access, or network connections. The obfuscation appears to be for minimizing size or protecting code complexity, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a syntax highlighting library with obfuscated minified code. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. It functions to enhance code display in web pages. The risk is minimal, and the code appears to serve a legitimate purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}