{
  "purpose": "The code is a large, minified JavaScript snippet primarily used for syntax highlighting and code formatting, likely for a code editor or viewer with syntax highlighting features.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the DOM (e.g., document elements), class names, and possibly from external sources if invoked within a broader context. It also processes source code strings for syntax highlighting.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulations, class name modifications, and source code transformations. No direct data leaks or network activities are evident within this fragment.",
  "flows": "The code takes DOM elements (sources), processes their source code strings for syntax highlighting, and modifies DOM elements' class names and inner HTML (sinks).",
  "anomalies": "The code appears heavily minified but is consistent with a syntax highlighter library; no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are detected. No obfuscated patterns beyond minification are present. The purpose aligns with typical syntax highlighting functionality.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive syntax highlighter registration script, registering multiple language handlers for highlighting code blocks. It includes functions for tokenizing, classifying, and decorating source code snippets within DOM elements. The presence of large patterns for regex, string handling, and language-specific tokenizers indicates it is a standard library (possibly Google Code Prettify or similar). It does not perform network requests, system modifications, or data exfiltration. The code structure is consistent with a syntax highlighting library, with no signs of malicious behavior. Although the code is minified, its content is typical for such libraries and does not include obfuscated malicious code or hidden backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a syntax highlighting library fragment, used for code formatting and display purposes. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code is heavily minified but appears to be a legitimate, standard syntax highlighter script without signs of tampering.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}