{
  "purpose": "The code is a PostCSS plugin that converts pixel units ('px') to viewport units ('vw', 'vmin', etc.) in CSS files, with options for landscape orientation and media query conditions.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options, CSS rule selectors, declaration values, and optional exclude patterns; it also reads source file paths from rule.source.input.file.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies CSS declarations by replacing 'px' units with viewport units; it inserts cloned rules and media queries into the CSS AST; it reads file paths for exclusion logic.",
  "flows": "Source: configuration options and source file paths -> CSS rules/decls -> replacement functions (createPxReplace) -> modified CSS declarations and possibly cloned landscape rules -> inserted media queries.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network calls are present. The code only manipulates CSS units; no data exfiltration, network activity, or malicious behavior is detected. The logic is straightforward for unit conversion. No obfuscated code or unusual language features.",
  "analysis": "The script is a PostCSS plugin designed to convert CSS pixel units to viewport units. It uses configuration options and processes CSS rules and declarations, replacing pixel values with viewport units while respecting exclusions, property lists, and media query conditions. The code includes landscape orientation support by cloning rules. There are no signs of malicious activities such as data theft, network communication, or backdoors. All data manipulations are limited to CSS AST modifications. The code's behavior aligns with standard CSS processing tasks; no suspicious logic or security risks are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate CSS processing plugin for unit conversion. It performs expected operations without any malicious intent, hidden backdoors, or malicious behaviors. No security risks or malware behaviors are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}