{
  "purpose": "This code provides a collection of functions to generate CSS animation styles for UI elements, facilitating various visual effects such as scaling, rotating, fading, sliding, bouncing, and loading animations.",
  "sources": "The functions accept parameters such as durations, delays, colors, counts, and dimensions from caller inputs to generate style objects. There are no external data sources or input reads within this code.",
  "sinks": "The generated style objects are intended to be applied directly to DOM elements or components, affecting their appearance and animations. No data leaks, network connections, or system modifications occur within this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into functions, which produce style objects with CSS properties or animation strings. These style objects are then used in the application to animate elements. There are no external sinks or side effects beyond style application.",
  "anomalies": "All code constructs are straightforward style-generating functions. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code does not perform any network activity, file access, or system modification. It simply constructs style objects based on inputs.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple functions that generate CSS style objects for animations, taking various parameters to customize effects. No external data reads or system interactions are present. The functions utilize standard JavaScript syntax and template literals. The only potential concern is the dynamic construction of animation names, but they appear to be referencing CSS keyframes expected to exist in stylesheets. No obfuscated code, malicious behavior, or security vulnerabilities are evident. The code is purely utility functions for styling animations.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign collection of style utility functions for animations. There is no evidence of malicious intent, data leakage, or security risks. It safely generates CSS styles based on inputs for use in UI components.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}