{
  "purpose": "The code processes HTML files to identify build blocks, manage asset references, and replace links with revved (hashed or versioned) filenames, primarily for build automation and cache busting.",
  "sources": "Reads HTML content, extracts build block directives, asset URLs (href, src), data-main attributes, data-* tags, inline styles (background URLs), anchor hrefs, input srcs, and custom placeholders.",
  "sinks": "Generates and injects HTML tags (link, script) with updated paths, and replaces asset URLs with revved filenames via the revvedfinder. Potentially modifies references to external assets.",
  "flows": "HTML content is parsed to extract build blocks and asset references. Asset URLs are modified with revved filenames. The replaceWith method constructs new HTML tags. replaceBlocks replaces entire blocks in content. replaceWithRevved updates asset URLs based on revvedfinder. process method orchestrates the overall flow.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code performs straightforward text parsing, string replacements, and path manipulations. No obfuscated code, network calls, or system modifications detected.",
  "analysis": "The code uses regular expressions to parse HTML for build directives and asset references, then constructs new HTML tags with proper paths. The revvedfinder is used to replace asset URLs with their versioned counterparts. Path joins and relative path calculations are standard. No dynamic code execution, data exfiltration, or system interaction is evident. The code appears to be a typical build process script for managing assets, with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign build tool component for processing HTML files, managing asset references, and applying revved filenames for cache busting. No malicious intent or security risks are detected based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}