{
  "purpose": "The code processes HTML files to identify build blocks, replace references with revved versions, and generate appropriate HTML snippets for CSS, JS, and RequireJS scripts. It facilitates build and deployment workflows for web projects.",
  "sources": "Reading file content (content parameter), reading file paths via regex matches (href, src, data-main, etc.), and user-provided revvedfinder for mapping original to revved filenames.",
  "sinks": "Replacing content in HTML files (via string replacement), constructing HTML tags with dynamic paths, and potentially executing regex replacements that could modify file references.",
  "flows": "Content is parsed to identify build blocks, which are stored with their source and destination paths. During processing, the code replaces block placeholders with generated HTML tags and updates resource links with revved filenames obtained via revvedfinder. The flow involves parsing input content, modifying it based on build blocks, and then updating resource references for cache busting.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. The regex patterns are standard for HTML parsing. The code handles path concatenations and replacements carefully. No signs of obfuscated or malicious behavior, and no network activity or system modifications are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard build tool component designed for static HTML resource management. It uses regex to identify build blocks and resource references, then generates appropriate tags and replaces resource links with revved filenames. It carefully handles path manipulations, including root-relative paths, and supports requireJS configuration. There are no indications of malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, system modification, or covert communications. The code functions purely as a build-time HTML processor.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate HTML build processing utility, handling resource bundling and cache busting. There are no signs of malicious behavior or security risks within this module. It operates as intended for static HTML content management.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}