{
  "purpose": "The code provides Angular components for scheduling, calendar views, and availability management. It integrates third-party calendar libraries and facilitates creating, updating, deleting, and viewing schedules and slots.",
  "sources": "Data input from API responses (via fetch calls and GraphQL requests), user inputs through form controls, and component inputs such as schedule IDs and date ranges.",
  "sinks": "Post requests to API endpoints (post method calls), potential DOM manipulations (confirmation dialogs), and event emissions. No evidence of direct data leakage or malicious network connections.",
  "flows": "User inputs or API responses serve as sources; actions like create, update, or delete schedule invoke API calls; success or failure responses trigger UI updates or error handling.",
  "anomalies": "The code structure appears standard for an Angular app with calendar functionalities. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. Confirmed use of external libraries (lodash, date-fns, moment, Angular Material) in typical ways. No obfuscated or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The script defines several Angular components with typical lifecycle hooks, form validation, API communication via post and get requests, and calendar manipulations. No suspicious network behaviors such as untrusted domain connections or hidden data exfiltration methods. The code employs standard practices for user confirmation, form validation, and asynchronous data fetching. No embedded malicious scripts, reverse shells, or cryptomining code are present. The use of confirmation dialogs for deletions and API calls for schedule management aligns with normal application behavior. The dependencies are standard for calendar-based scheduling tools. Overall, the code functions as a calendar scheduling module without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard Angular-based scheduling module, incorporating third-party libraries for calendar views and date handling. No evidence of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks was identified. The logic is typical for scheduling applications, focusing on data fetching, user interactions, and API updates. Security risk is minimal, and malware likelihood is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}