{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for WebGL rendering, pixel data extraction, and exporting images in various formats (PPM, PNG, JPG, GIF). It includes shader compilation, program creation, and drawing functions for graphics processing.",
  "sources": "Functions reading pixel data from WebGL context (gl.readPixels), shader source code inputs, and pixel arrays passed as arguments.",
  "sinks": "File streams writing image data to disk, stdout output for pixel data, and network streams if savePixels pipes to networked destinations (though not explicitly shown).",
  "flows": "Pixel data is read from WebGL buffers or passed arrays, then processed and written to files or stdout; shader sources are compiled and linked into programs; rendering functions generate graphics that produce pixel data.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious behavior detected. Functions are standard for graphics/image processing.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of standard WebGL utility functions for rendering, shader compilation, program linking, and image exporting. It reads pixel data from WebGL contexts, compiles shaders, creates programs, and writes image files in multiple formats. No external data sources or network activity are present. The functions perform expected tasks without suspicious logic or malicious intent. The code is clear, straightforward, and uses common libraries such as 'fs' and 'save-pixels'. There are no signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior. The data flows are limited to graphics processing and file I/O, with no external untrusted data sources beyond the provided inputs. Overall, the code appears to be a benign graphics utility library.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard WebGL graphics utility module with functions for rendering, pixel extraction, and image exporting. It shows no signs of malicious activity, backdoors, or obfuscation. The malware score is 0, and the security risk is very low (~0.1), consistent with its purpose as a graphics processing utility.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}