{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this source code is to define a React Native component called RadioGroup that manages a group of radio buttons, handling selection state, rendering, and passing props to child RadioButton components.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from props (e.g., selectedIndex, style, color, etc.) and children components (radioButton props and children).",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows include the onSelect callback invocation and rendering children which may contain untrusted components or data. The code does not directly write data outside of React's rendering cycle.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props (initial selected index, style, colors) to internal state, and user interactions (selecting a radio button) update the state and invoke the onSelect callback. Child components are rendered with passed-in props and children, which could be untrusted if malicious inputs are provided.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The code uses React lifecycle methods and context API in a typical manner. No use of dynamic execution, external network requests, or suspicious logic was detected.",
  "analysis": "The component manages radio button state internally and updates based on props. It exposes context to children for consistent styling and behavior. The code does not handle any sensitive data, nor does it perform operations that could be malicious, such as network communication, file access, or data exfiltration. The only potential concern is that children components could be malicious if they are untrusted, but this is typical for React components. There are no indications of malicious intent or harmful behavior within this code segment.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React Native component for managing radio button groups. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious data handling, and no malware indicators. It is safe based on the provided code. No security risks are apparent, and the malware score is zero.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}