{
  "purpose": "This script automates the process of cleaning, copying, and rendering template files into a build directory, facilitating a build pipeline for static site or project generation.",
  "sources": "Reads directory contents with fs.readdir, fs.stat; reads and writes files via fs.unlink, fs.mkdir, fs.copyFile, fs.writeFile, and fs.createWriteStream; uses input files from './template/' directory; potentially processes data via 'Instance' rendering.",
  "sinks": "Write streams for rendering templates; file creation and deletion operations; copying files; creating directories.",
  "flows": "Reads template files → processes filenames and extensions → renders templates or copies files → writes output to build directory → creates necessary folders.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'streamy way' condition with hardcoded string; minimal error handling on mkdir (only checks for existence); no user input validation or sanitization. No evident hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Progress bars are purely for visual feedback.",
  "analysis": "The code performs filesystem operations: deleting previous build files, creating directories, copying or rendering templates. It uses the 'Instance' class for template rendering, which might contain its own logic, but based on this code, the rendering appears to be straightforward. No user input is directly involved; operations are based on filesystem structure. The code does not send data over network, execute dynamic code, or access sensitive data. The only potential concern is the 'Instance' class, but its implementation is external and not provided here. The 'streamy way' condition is a placeholder; it does not execute code dynamically. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present. The progress bar and flow are benign, designed for build visualization.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard build tool that cleans and repopulates a build directory from templates, rendering files as needed. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration. No suspicious network activity, credential leaks, or malware indicators are present. It appears safe, assuming 'Instance' is a trusted rendering class.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}