{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to recursively process files and directories within a template folder, rendering templates with an ejs-like engine and outputting to a build directory, or copying files directly if not templates.",
  "sources": "File system reads for directory listing (fs.readdir, fs.stat), reading template files (via file parameter in recurseFs), and environment variable access (not explicitly used).",
  "sinks": "Writing files (fs.createWriteStream, fs.writeFile), deleting files (fs.unlink), creating directories (fs.mkdir), copying files (fs.copyFile), and rendering templates (Instance.render).",
  "flows": "Reads directory structure -> processes each file: renders templates or copies files -> creates corresponding folders in build -> writes output files.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'streamy way' and 'returny way' strings as conditional logic; the presence of a hardcoded string 'what?' in the get() function of the template scope; no environment variables or user inputs are directly used, but the template rendering may process external files.",
  "analysis": "The code performs file system operations such as directory traversal, file deletion, copying, and rendering templates. It employs async/await for asynchronous operations, ensuring non-blocking execution. The template rendering uses a scope with a get() method returning a static string 'what?', indicating limited dynamic input. No user input, environment variables, or network operations are present, reducing the risk of data leakage or malicious external communication. The rendering process appears to be straightforward, converting templates into static files, with no evidence of code injection, malicious code, or data exfiltration. The only suspicious aspect is the static 'get()' method in the template scope, which might be intended for future dynamic data, but currently is harmless. The script deletes previous build files safely before recreating the build directory. Overall, there are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build script that processes templates and copies files into a build directory. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. It appears to be a legitimate build utility with no security risks evident from the code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}