{
  "purpose": "The script automates the process of cleaning, copying, and rendering templates into a build directory, supporting a build process for a project.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from template files in the 'template/' directory, directory and file listings via fs.readdir, fs.stat, and path manipulation functions.",
  "sinks": "Writes files to the 'build/' directory, creates directories, and potentially writes rendered template output to disk; no direct data leaks or untrusted data processing is evident.",
  "flows": "Template files are read, optionally rendered with the Instance class, and output to the build directory. Directory creation and cleanup occur before copying or rendering files.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains placeholder-like conditional 'if (\"streamy way\")' which suggests non-functional, dummy conditions. Rendering involves an Instance class, but no suspicious code is apparent within this module. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious network activities are evident. Use of 'mz/fs' is standard for async file system operations.",
  "analysis": "The script performs standard build automation tasks: cleaning previous build directories, copying static files, rendering templates using an Instance class, and creating necessary directories. The control flow is straightforward and uses common Node.js modules. There are no signs of malicious activity such as network communications, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. The placeholder condition ('if (\"streamy way\")') appears to be non-functional and does not introduce any risk. The use of progress bars and template rendering is typical for build scripts. The code does not contain obfuscated code, malicious backdoors, or suspicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical build automation script with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It performs file system cleanup, copying, and rendering operations in a secure and standard manner. No malware signals are detected, and the overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}