{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define Angular components for a calendar feature, including templates, styles, and component factories for month, week, and day views, to be used within an Angular/Ionic application.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration inputs via component properties (e.g., currentDate, eventSource, calendarMode), and accesses external Angular services and modules. No direct external input reading or network data fetching is observed.",
  "sinks": "The code binds data to the DOM through Angular templates; no unsafe code injection, system commands, or network calls are evident. No direct data leaks, credential handling, or system modifications are detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component inputs and services into template rendering; no malicious source-to-sink flow is detected. Data binding appears standard without suspicious data handling or external transmission.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are observed. The code is heavily focused on component rendering with Angular and Ionic, without any unusual dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or suspicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily Angular component definitions for a calendar feature, utilizing Angular's template and component factory functions. It includes styling, component templates, input bindings, and event handlers for calendar interactions. All code appears to follow standard Angular/Ionic patterns, with no signs of malicious behavior. There are no network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications. The only notable aspect is the extensive use of Angular's internal functions for template rendering, which is standard in Angular applications. No obfuscation, malicious code, or anomalies are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Angular/Ionic component setup for a calendar interface, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It appears to be part of a legitimate UI framework implementation. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security vulnerabilities are detected within this fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}