{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define and register a set of custom dialog components and utilities for UI interactions, such as alert, confirm, and prompt dialogs, with styling and event handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from HTML elements (e.g., input fields in dialogs), and interacts with the DOM by inserting elements and event listeners. No external or untrusted data sources are explicitly referenced.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation functions like 'insertAdjacentElement', 'appendChild', and event listener attachments are potential sinks for untrusted data if any user input was injected unsanitized. However, all user inputs (like dialog input fields) are only read and passed to callback functions, which are external and not included here.",
  "flows": "User input from dialog input fields flows from DOM input elements to callback functions. The code creates dialogs with innerHTML containing static HTML strings, and input values are only retrieved and passed to callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically generates SVG icons and complex dialog components; however, these are not inherently suspicious. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code heavily uses dynamic DOM manipulation but does not include obfuscated or suspicious code patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a set of dialog utilities ('alert', 'confirm', 'prompt') that create and show modal dialogs with custom content and event handlers. The dialogs are styled with embedded CSS, and the HTML content is static, indicating no dynamic injection of untrusted content. The code uses standard DOM APIs for element creation, event attachment, and element insertion. No external data sources or network activity is observed. The SVG icon used is static and decorative. There are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior. The code does not send data over the network, access environment variables, or perform any system modifications. It functions solely for UI interaction purposes.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a UI dialog utility library that creates styled modal dialogs with callback mechanisms. There is no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior. It appears to be a benign, purpose-built component for user interactions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}