{
  "purpose": "Provides a simple text wrapping function that depends on an external 'render' function to process input text before wrapping it in HTML bold tags.",
  "sources": "The input parameter 'text' passed to the returned function from 'wrapped'.",
  "sinks": "The output string that includes the result of 'render(text)' wrapped in '<b>' tags, which could be rendered as HTML.",
  "flows": "Input 'text' flows into 'render', then the output of 'render' flows into the concatenation with '<b>' tags to produce the final output.",
  "anomalies": "The 'render' function is undefined within this code snippet, which could cause runtime errors or security issues if 'render' is untrusted. No obfuscation or malicious code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an object 'Willy' with a method 'wrapped' that returns a function. This inner function takes 'text', calls an external 'render' function, and wraps the result in '<b>' tags. The main concern is the undefined 'render', which could lead to runtime errors or security vulnerabilities like XSS if 'render' outputs untrusted content. The code itself is straightforward, with no obfuscation or malicious patterns. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious activity. The security risk score is low (~0.1-0.3), depending on the trustworthiness of 'render'. The confidence in this assessment is high, given the clear structure and the consistent reports. The risk primarily hinges on the external 'render' function's behavior, which is outside the scope of this snippet.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign and straightforward, with the main issue being the undefined 'render' function. If 'render' is a trusted, sanitized function, the code is safe. If 'render' is untrusted, there could be security risks such as XSS. The current scores of malware=0, obfuscated=0, and risk around 0.1-0.2 are appropriate. No malicious intent or obfuscation is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}