{
  "purpose": "This code calculates and alters Bezier control points for graphic curve rendering, specifically for inkbrush-like strokes in a drawing application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters: points, bend, middle, edge; and from imported vector utility functions. No external input or data is read directly from environment or network.",
  "sinks": "The code performs computations on input data and returns modified points. No data is sent over the network, written to files, or exposed outside the process. No untrusted data is used in a way that affects system security.",
  "flows": "Input points and parameters flow through mathematical computations to produce new Bezier points, with no external or system interactions. No source-to-sink data leaks or malicious effects are apparent.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains standard geometric calculations with no obfuscated or suspicious logic. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or unusual code patterns are present. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or system modifications are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions to compute and modify Bezier curve control points, used for graphic rendering. It relies on imported vector utilities for mathematical operations. The calculations involve midpoint locate, distance, normalization, and intersection functions, all standard in geometric algorithms. The alterBezierPoints function attempts to refine Bezier points based on intersection calculations to improve visual quality. No external data sources, network activity, or system modifications are involved. The code appears straightforward and purpose-specific, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard geometric utility module for graphic rendering purposes. It performs mathematical operations safely and does not contain malicious or suspicious behavior. No security risks or malware indications are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}