{
  "purpose": "The code defines React hooks and utilities for handling clickable UI elements, including event listeners, and manages focus and interaction states.",
  "sources": "Reads data from DOM elements via event.target; listens to document events (keyup, mouseup); handles props for accessibility and interaction.",
  "sinks": "Potentially modifies focus states, invokes onClick callbacks, and interacts with document event handlers; no direct data leaks or external data transmission detected.",
  "flows": "Event handlers (onKeyDown, onMouseDown, etc.) process user interactions, potentially triggering callbacks and updating component state; event listeners are registered and cleaned up on document.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. The code uses common React patterns for accessibility and event management. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution found.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard React hook patterns for managing clickable elements, including event listener management and accessibility features. The useEventListeners hook maintains a map of event listeners and ensures cleanup on unmount, preventing memory leaks. The useClickable hook manages interaction states such as 'pressed' and 'focused', handles keyboard events for 'Enter' and 'Space', and manages focus and disabled states appropriately. All event handlers perform expected actions without any suspicious logic. No external data transmission, system modification, or privacy violations are detected. The code appears well-structured and adheres to standard practices, with no anomalies or malicious behavior present.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of React hooks for managing clickable UI components. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. It functions as intended for accessibility and interaction management, with no suspicious or malicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}