{
  "purpose": "The code implements a custom asynchronous file processing task, likely for use within a build tool like Grunt, to read, process, and save files with customizable options.",
  "sources": "The code reads input files via 'grunt.file.read' for each source path specified in 'files'.",
  "sinks": "File writing occurs with 'grunt.file.write', which outputs processed content to specified destination paths. No untrusted data appears to be sent over the network or stored insecurely.",
  "flows": "Input files are read ('read'), their contents are processed ('process'), and then written to output files ('save'). The flow is straightforward: source file -> read -> process -> save -> destination file.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes a custom 'asyncRun' function that manages asynchronous execution, which is complex but not inherently malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures are detected. No obfuscation or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a task function that orchestrates reading, processing, and saving files using configurable options. It uses 'async' for asynchronous control flow and 'lodash' for utility functions. The logic appears standard for build tasks, with error handling and logging. No external data leaks, network activity, or malicious behavior are evident. The code is well-structured, with clear separation of concerns and no suspicious patterns like code injection, malicious network calls, or data exfiltration. The 'asyncRun' utility is complex but appears to manage async functions safely within the context. Overall, the code does not contain malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard implementation of a file processing task, likely for build automation, with no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It functions to read, process, and write files with customizable options. There are no suspicious signals or malware indicators.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}