{
  "purpose": "The script functions as a CLI tool for interacting with the BTR Swap SDK, allowing users to fetch token swap quotes with various configurable options and environment variable loading.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters from command line arguments, environment variables, and potentially from custom environment files specified by --env-file.",
  "sinks": "Uses environment variables and input arguments for API keys, tokens, addresses, and configurations; outputs data via console logs. Reads files from disk (e.g., environment files) and processes them. Calls functions that fetch quotes from external APIs.",
  "flows": "Command line arguments and environment variables flow into configuration variables. These are used to set up API requests and environment configurations, then processed by functions that fetch data or decrypt vaults. The outputs are logged to console.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are evident; environment variables are loaded securely from files if specified; decryption functions use crypto but do not store secrets insecurely. No unusual code or backdoors are detected. External calls are to SDK functions and standard libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs input parsing, environment configuration loading, and calling SDK functions for token swap quote retrieval. It includes environment variable loading via dotenv, file existence checks, JSON parsing for configuration overrides, and uses crypto for decryption of vault data. No code injection, malicious network activity, or backdoors are present. The decryption process uses a standard crypto AES-GCM scheme with provided keys, which could be misused if keys are compromised, but that is not inherently malicious. The overall structure and behavior align with expected CLI tools, with appropriate security considerations. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are found.",
  "conclusion": "The script appears to be a legitimate CLI tool for a token swap SDK. It performs environment loading, argument parsing, configuration override, and calls SDK functions for swap quotes. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration are evident. All actions are typical for a CLI app interacting with external services and managing environment variables. The crypto usage is standard for decrypting vault data and does not suggest malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}