{
  "purpose": "The code serves as a CLI tool for fetching cryptocurrency swap quotes using the BTR Swap SDK, processing user inputs, loading environment variables, and displaying results.",
  "sources": "User inputs via command-line arguments, environment variables, and configuration files (including potentially custom .env files). It reads environment variables, file system for .env and vault files, and parses JSON inputs provided via CLI.",
  "sinks": "Environment variables are set via process.env; console logging for warnings and debug; file system reads for configuration; network activity likely occurs within imported SDK functions (not shown), but no direct network code present here.",
  "flows": "User CLI inputs → argument parsing → environment variable loading → config override application → input validation → SDK function calls (getAllTimedTr) → output display.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code performs environment variable loading and decrypts vault data, which could be misused if secrets are compromised but is standard for secure vault management. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution detected. JSON parsing for sensitive keys and configurations is standard but should be carefully validated; however, no malicious behavior found.",
  "analysis": "The script properly loads environment variables, including custom .env files, and decrypts vault data with provided keys. Input parsing includes validation and error handling. No code that connects to external domains or performs system modifications is visible. The use of crypto for decryption is standard, and all operations appear to be for legitimate configuration and processing. No backdoors, system access, or data exfiltration routines are present. The code adheres to typical CLI application standards, and no malicious payloads are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a CLI utility for cryptocurrency swaps, loading configs securely, validating inputs, and calling SDK functions to fetch and display data. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks based on its current logic. It primarily manages configuration and user input, with no suspicious or malicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}