{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Tailwind CSS plugin that extends shadow utilities with custom offsets, blurs, spreads, colors, and layered shadows for enhanced box-shadow styling.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from Tailwind's theme configuration, including boxShadow, boxShadowColor, boxShadowLayers, and related theme properties. It also imports utility functions and modules from Tailwind CSS core libraries.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies CSS variables (--tw-shadow-*) used in box-shadow styles. It does not write data to external systems, files, or network endpoints. No sinks that could leak data or execute malicious actions are present.",
  "flows": "Input data from theme configurations flows into utility functions that generate CSS variable values. These variables are used to produce shadow styles, with no external or untrusted data sources involved. No external or network-related flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code employs standard CSS variable manipulation for styling, with no obfuscated code, hidden code, or unusual language features. It does not contain hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic. All functions and regular expressions are typical for parsing box-shadow strings.",
  "analysis": "The script is a Tailwind CSS plugin that customizes shadow utilities by parsing existing box-shadow values, converting colors, and generating layered shadow effects. It includes functions for parsing shadow values and converting HEX to RGB. The code uses theme data to generate dynamic utilities such as shadows, offsets, blurs, spreads, and opacity controls. No external network calls, file operations, or suspicious behavior are present. The code focuses solely on style generation without malicious intent or side effects.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate Tailwind CSS plugin extension for advanced shadow styling. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The code is well-structured, using standard techniques for CSS variable manipulation and utility generation. No indications of malicious intent or security issues are observed.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}