{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Tailwind CSS plugin that extends shadow utilities with custom properties and multiple shadow layers for enhanced styling control.",
  "sources": "The code reads theme values via the 'theme' function, and imports modules such as 'tailwindcss/plugin', 'tailwindcss/lib/util/flattenColorPalette', 'tailwindcss/lib/util/color', and a local './helpers' module.",
  "sinks": "The code sets CSS custom properties (--tw-shadow-*, --tw-shadow-color, etc.) that influence the box-shadow styles applied in the browser; no direct data leaks or external calls are present.",
  "flows": "Inputs from theme configurations and utility modifiers are processed to set CSS variables that control shadow styles. These variables are then used in CSS declarations, forming source-to-sink flows within style computations.",
  "anomalies": "The code involves complex parsing of shadow values and dynamic CSS variable generation, but no unusual or suspicious code patterns are detected. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. Importing modules from 'tailwindcss' and local helpers appears standard. No obfuscated code or hidden network activity is present.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with module imports, including Tailwind CSS utility functions and helpers. It defines default themes for shadow scales and opacities. The main plugin function overrides shadow utilities to parse existing shadow values and generate CSS variables for offsets, blur, spread, and color, supporting layered shadow effects. The plugin also creates additional utilities for shadows, offsets, blur, spread, opacity, and scaling, all based on theme values. No external network calls, data exfiltration, or code injections are present. All operations involve style computations, theme-based value parsing, and CSS variable assignments, typical for Tailwind CSS custom plugins.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a Tailwind CSS plugin for advanced shadow styling, without any malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It is well-structured, utilizing standard patterns for style utility extension. No malware or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}