{
  "purpose": "This code provides a factory function to create pseudorandom number generators (PRNGs) for generating numbers from a triangular distribution, with options for custom PRNGs and state management.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters 'a', 'b', 'c' for the distribution, options object 'opts', and PRNG seed/state. It also reads properties from external modules such as '@stdlib/random-base-mt19937' for randomness.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs a PRNG function that generates triangular-distributed random numbers, and exposes properties/methods for the PRNG state, seed, and JSON serialization.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (a, b, c, options) are validated and used to configure the PRNG. The PRNG function calls 'triangular0' with the random source and parameters. State and seed are managed through getter/setter functions. Serialization outputs PRNG info and parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behaviors, hardcoded secrets, or hidden functionalities detected. The code uses standard modules and conventional patterns. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, or obfuscated code. Use of external modules appears legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation for creating and configuring a PRNG for the triangular distribution, with options for custom PRNG, seed, and state management. It properly validates inputs, exposes appropriate getter/setter methods, and serializes the PRNG state. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful actions. The module relies on standard libraries and common practices for PRNG and distribution functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a triangular distribution PRNG factory with robust input validation and state management. There are no indications of malicious intent, security risks, or malware. It is safe for use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}