{
  "purpose": "The code provides a factory function for creating pseudorandom number generators (PRNGs) that generate numbers from a triangular distribution, with configurable options including custom PRNGs and initial states.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters (a, b, c), options object (opts), and PRNG-related data (seed, state). It also reads from imported modules such as '@stdlib/random-base-mt19937' and validation functions.",
  "sinks": "The code sets properties and accessors on the generated PRNG, serializes the PRNG state with typedarray2json, and calls imported functions for validation and array serialization. It does not perform network I/O or file operations.",
  "flows": "Input parameters and options are validated and used to configure the PRNG; the PRNG object’s properties (like seed, state) can be accessed or modified; the generated PRNG produces numbers based on the triangular distribution. No external data is transmitted or external systems are contacted.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code relies on well-known modules and performs standard validation and property setting. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a configurable PRNG for the triangular distribution, handling inputs and options with validation. It supports external PRNGs and internal state management, serializes state safely, and defines getter/setter methods. No malicious or suspicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system manipulation is present. It functions as intended within a cryptographically safe scope. The code appears to be a standard implementation of a probabilistic distribution generator with comprehensive configuration options.",
  "conclusion": "This source code implements a standard, well-structured PRNG factory for the triangular distribution. It employs common validation and property management techniques without any signs of malicious intent or harmful behavior. The code is safe for use in security-sensitive environments.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}