{
  "purpose": "Provides a factory function to create a pseudorandom number generator (PRNG) for sampling from a triangular distribution, with options for custom PRNG, seed, and distribution parameters.",
  "sources": "User-provided options, function arguments (a, b, c), options object properties (prng, seed, state). The PRNG itself is used to generate uniform random numbers internally.",
  "sinks": "The PRNG output, which is used to generate triangular distribution samples. No untrusted data is written or transmitted externally.",
  "flows": "Input options and parameters flow into validation and PRNG setup; the PRNG produces uniform random numbers; these are transformed into triangular distribution samples via triangular0.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears standard with typical PRNG setup and distribution sampling. No suspicious code, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code handles PRNG state and JSON serialization appropriately, with no obfuscated or unnecessary dynamic code.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a factory function for creating triangular distribution PRNGs with configurable options. It validates parameters and options, supports external or internal PRNGs, and exposes methods for PRNG state management and JSON serialization. The internal functions manage PRNG state, seed, and output formatting. All logic follows expected patterns for such a library, with no signs of malicious activity. There are no network communications, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code relies on external well-known libraries for random number generation and utility functions. It ensures safe handling of parameters and PRNG states, and properly isolates internal functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a triangular distribution PRNG factory with configurable options. It contains no malicious behaviors, backdoors, or suspicious activity. The code’s structure and functions are consistent with legitimate statistical sampling libraries.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}