{
  "purpose": "A utility function to wrap a given function 'f', assign it as its own generator, and add a recursive transform method.",
  "sources": "The invocation of 'f()' within 'transform' method, and the input argument 'f'.",
  "sinks": "Execution of 'f()' within 'transform', which could run malicious code if 'f' is malicious.",
  "flows": "Calling 'f()' inside 'transform' when 't' is applied, passing the result to 'enable' recursively.",
  "anomalies": "Recursive 'transform' method that could cause infinite recursion; invocation of 'f()' which could execute malicious code if 'f' is malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward function wrapper that assigns properties and a recursive 'transform' method. No external data sources or network calls are present. The primary concern is that 'f()' is invoked within 'transform', which could execute malicious code if 'f' is malicious, but this is standard function invocation. The recursive pattern could cause runtime issues like infinite recursion if misused. The code is not obfuscated and contains no malicious patterns. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious code present. The security risk is minimal but slightly elevated due to potential misuse of 'f()' invocation and recursive calls, which could lead to runtime errors. Overall, the code is benign but should be used cautiously if 'f' is untrusted.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility for function wrapping with no inherent malicious behavior or obfuscation. The main concern is the invocation of 'f()' within 'transform', which could execute malicious code if 'f' is malicious, and the recursive pattern that could cause runtime issues. The malware score should be increased to reflect the potential for malicious code execution if 'f' is untrusted, setting it around 0.8. The overall security risk should be adjusted to approximately 0.6 to account for this potential risk. The current scores in the reports underestimate this threat; thus, an updated assessment is recommended.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.8,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}