{
  "purpose": "The code implements a custom React Native date and time picker component, supporting multiple modes ('date', 'time', 'datetime') with customizable formatting and styles.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include: locals.value (initial date/time), locals.config (formatting functions and configurations), locals.mode (picker mode), locals.minimumDate and locals.maximumDate (date bounds), and user interactions via TouchableNativeFeedback triggers.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks are: locals.onChange (updating date/time), rendering formatted date/time, and invoking locals.onPress. No data is sent over network or stored outside the app context.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (locals.value, locals.config) through formatting and user interaction handlers, updating locals.value via locals.onChange when date/time is selected. No external data or untrusted sources directly influence critical data beyond user input.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to perform standard UI operations for date/time selection without hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. No obfuscated code, suspicious network activity, or hidden behaviors are present. Use of React Native and Android native modules is typical for this purpose.",
  "analysis": "The component primarily handles user interface and date/time selection with input validation for mode. It safely manages date formatting, limits, and user interaction callbacks. No suspicious or malicious logic, external network activity, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. The code does not include any obfuscated or malicious constructs. It adheres to typical patterns for React Native date/time pickers with no malicious intent observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a date/time picker component without any malicious behavior or security risks. It operates solely within the application context, handling user input and formatting for display. No malware or security threats are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}