{
  "purpose": "The code implements the Black-Scholes model for option pricing, including functions for probability calculations, implied volatility estimation, and distribution functions.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function arguments such as price, rate, strike, time, sigma, underlying, and type. No external data sources are accessed.",
  "sinks": "Performs calculations based on input data; no data is written to external systems, network, or files.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into functions for distribution calculations and option pricing. The code computes probability and volatility based on these inputs, with no external data or side effects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. No obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution, or misleading variables. The code appears straightforward and conventional for financial modeling.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides mathematical functions for normal distributions and option pricing using Black-Scholes formulas. It utilizes standard numerical methods such as bisection and Newton-Raphson for implied volatility calculations. No network activity, file access, or suspicious behavior is present. The functions operate solely on input parameters and internal mathematical computations. There are no signs of malicious data leakage, external data access, or covert operations. The code’s structure and logic are consistent with typical financial modeling libraries, with clear, understandable implementation of standard formulas.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of the Black-Scholes option pricing model with auxiliary functions for probability calculations and implied volatility estimation. No malicious behavior or security risks are detected. It functions as a mathematical library for financial computations, with no signs of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}