{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a JavaScript library for managing and executing complex animations on DOM elements, with configurable parameters and easing functions.",
  "sources": "Data sources include function parameters for animation configuration, input styles via getComputedStyle, and target elements selected through document.querySelectorAll.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are CSS style modifications via style properties and setAttribute, which could be exploited if untrusted input influences these values, but no direct unsafe operations or data leaks are detected.",
  "flows": "Flow involves reading parameters and element styles (sources), computing transformation and style values, and applying them through CSS style or attribute modifications (sinks). No evidence of untrusted data flowing into sensitive operations such as network or file system.",
  "anomalies": "The code is highly focused on animation mechanics with no apparent hardcoded credentials, network connections, or data exfiltration mechanisms. No backdoors or hidden malicious code segments are evident. Functions are modular, with clear purpose; no obfuscated or misleading code patterns are present. The presence of multiple eslint-disable comments is typical for complex libraries but not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive animation library implementing various easing functions, CSS transform manipulations, and target element handling. It uses standard DOM APIs and mathematical functions for smooth animations. There is no logic involving network requests, file system access, or secret storage. No hardcoded credentials or malicious data handling detected. All functions perform animation calculations, CSS updates, or element style manipulations based on input parameters. No suspicious external calls or hidden behaviors are present. The structure is consistent with an animation utility, and there are no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a well-structured animation utility library with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It strictly handles style and attribute updates for DOM elements based on animation parameters. No network activity, credential handling, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. Overall, it is safe from a supply chain security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}