{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Popover class used for displaying tooltip-like UI elements positioned around target elements on a webpage. It handles positioning, rendering, and user interaction for step-by-step guidance or tutorials.",
  "sources": "Options parameter in constructor (receives configuration data), DOM methods (getElementById, querySelector), imported constants, and the createNodeFromString utility.",
  "sinks": "InnerHTML assignments for title, description, and button texts; style modifications for positioning and visibility; DOM manipulations such as appending or removing child elements.",
  "flows": "Options are passed into constructor and used in show() to set content; show() calls attachNode() which creates/populates DOM; positioning functions modify style properties based on position data; user interaction via button text updates and show/hide toggles.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls are present. The code primarily manipulates DOM elements and styles without executing untrusted code or network activity. No obfuscated code or dynamic eval-like functions detected. Use of innerHTML is limited to setting static or controlled strings, which are provided via options, not from untrusted sources.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard UI DOM manipulation for displaying a popover component. It relies on provided options for content and positioning, with no dynamic code execution or network interactions. The use of innerHTML is controlled through preset strings or options, reducing risk of injection. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful side effects are evident. The only potential concern is reliance on external options for content, but assuming those are sanitized or controlled, the code itself is safe.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical UI component implementation with no apparent malicious behavior or security risks. It strictly manipulates DOM for presentation purposes and does not perform any suspicious activities. It is considered safe under normal usage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}