{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for checking if a number is even and performing basic arithmetic operations using an external library.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through the function parameters: 'numero', 'tipo', 'n1', and 'n2'. It also dynamically requires the 'proyecto-1-matematicas' library within the 'operacion' function.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of the external library 'proyecto-1-matematicas', which could contain malicious code. The code also logs warnings, but this is benign.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('numero', 'tipo', 'n1', 'n2') are processed directly; 'n1' and 'n2' are passed to functions from 'proyecto-1-matematicas' library, which is required at runtime. The 'operacion' function dynamically loads the library each time it is called.",
  "anomalies": "The main anomaly is the dynamic require of an external module inside the 'operacion' function. This can be used to hide malicious code, or load malicious modules at runtime. No other suspicious code structures are present.",
  "analysis": "The 'esPar' function performs a straightforward check for even numbers, with no malicious behavior. The 'operacion' function dynamically requires an external module 'proyecto-1-matematicas' each time it is invoked, which could be used to load malicious code if the module is compromised or malicious. The switch statement calls functions from this external module based on user-supplied 'tipo', which could lead to arbitrary code execution if the external library is malicious. The code does not sanitize or verify the external module or its functions. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The use of dynamic require is the only point of concern, as it can be exploited to execute malicious code if the library is malicious or replaced.\n\nOverall, the code itself appears to be straightforward and benign, but the reliance on a dynamically required external library introduces a potential attack surface.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs basic number and arithmetic operations securely in a normal scenario. However, the dynamic require of an external module ('proyecto-1-matematicas') at runtime is a potential security risk, as it could be exploited to load malicious code. No other malicious behavior or anomalies are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "report_number": 5
}