{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for checking if a number is even and performing basic arithmetic operations using an external module.",
  "sources": "Input parameters 'numero', 'tipo', 'n1', 'n2'; dynamic require of 'proyecto-1-matematicas' within 'operacion' function.",
  "sinks": "External module 'proyecto-1-matematicas' invoked for calculations; no direct data leaks or untrusted sinks present.",
  "flows": "Input 'numero' flows into 'esPar'; 'tipo', 'n1', 'n2' flow into 'operacion', which then loads external module and calls corresponding functions based on 'tipo'.",
  "anomalies": "Dynamic require inside 'operacion' function; no obfuscation, no hardcoded secrets, no suspicious code patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is straightforward, performing simple utility functions. The dynamic require pattern, while unusual, is common in modular Node.js code and does not inherently indicate malicious intent. No code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The main concern is the external module 'proyecto-1-matematicas' potentially being malicious if compromised, but this is external to the code itself. The malware score remains at 0, as no malicious code is detected. The security risk score is higher (around 0.4-0.5) in consideration of the potential exploitation of the dynamic require pattern, especially if the external module is malicious or replaced. Obfuscated code is not present. Overall, the code is benign, with a moderate potential risk due to the pattern of external module loading.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a simple utility with a pattern (dynamic require) that could be exploited if the external module is malicious. No malicious activity is evident. The scores should reflect a malware score of 0, obfuscated score of 0, and a moderate security risk (~0.4-0.5). The most cautious assessment (e.g., report 5) assigns a security risk of 0.5, which is justified given the potential for malicious module injection. Regular verification of the external module's integrity is recommended.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}