{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for checking if a number is even and performing basic arithmetic operations using an external mathematics library.",
  "sources": "Input data sources are the 'numero' parameter in 'esPar' and the 'tipo', 'n1', 'n2' parameters in 'operacion'. Data is read from function inputs.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the dynamic 'require' statement that loads the 'proyecto-1-matematicas' module, which could be malicious if the module is compromised or manipulated, and the console.warn in default case.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function parameters ('numero', 'tipo', 'n1', 'n2') to their respective operations, with 'require' dynamically loading a module based on runtime behavior. The module's functions are invoked with user input values, but there's no direct external data leak.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'require' inside a function, which can be manipulated if module resolution is compromised. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns detected. The dynamic 'require' could be exploited if the environment or module resolution is tampered with.",
  "analysis": "The code's main concern is the dynamic loading of the 'proyecto-1-matematicas' module within the 'operacion' function. This pattern can be a vector for malicious module injection if the module path is manipulated or if the module itself is malicious. The arithmetic functions and 'esPar' are straightforward and benign. No obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious data leaks are evident. The use of require within a function is unusual but not inherently malicious, though it warrants scrutiny in a security context.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward utility module with a potentially risky dynamic 'require' call. No explicit malware or malicious intent is detected, but the dynamic module loading pattern could be exploited if the environment is compromised. Overall, a security review of the 'proyecto-1-matematicas' module and the environment setup is recommended.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 3
}