{
  "purpose": "This code is a React component that renders a drawing interface for a partogram, a medical chart used to monitor fetal and maternal health data. It provides functions to render grids, plot data points, and display information related to fetal heart rate and uterine contractions.",
  "sources": "Reads data from the 'data' prop passed into the React component; accesses DOM elements via document.getElementById; uses event listeners on canvas elements.",
  "sinks": "Potentially modifies canvas drawing contexts; updates innerHTML of DOM elements with IDs 'curtitle'.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'data' prop into the DrawPartogram instance which renders it onto the canvas; user interactions (clicks) could trigger events, but no handlers are actively processing input; updates to DOM elements for display.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains functions like 'showcur' that update innerHTML of elements directly. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or suspicious network requests are present. The event listener on canvas is empty, indicating no user input handling. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are evident. The code appears standard for a React-based drawing utility.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component encapsulating a class 'DrawPartogram' that handles graphical rendering on HTML5 canvas. It sets up the canvas, draws grids, labels, and plots data points. It includes functions for converting time, drawing shapes, and updating display elements. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or network activity is detected. No suspicious strings, commands, or hardcoded secrets are present. The event listener is unused, which suggests no malicious input handling. The overall logic is consistent with a legitimate visualization tool for medical data.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React component implementing a data visualization for medical monitoring. It does not contain malware or malicious behaviors. The security risk score is low, and there are no indicators of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}