{
  "purpose": "This code provides classes for image compression, format conversion, watermark application, and image resizing in a web environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads user-selected image files via input elements and loads external libraries via dynamically created script tags from CDN URLs.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data outputs include generated data URLs for images, compressed files, and zip files downloaded by the user. External libraries are dynamically loaded from CDNs.",
  "flows": "User inputs (files) are processed through methods like compressImage, imgFormatFn, applyWatermarkToImage, and resizeImage, with data URLs generated for images and files. External scripts are loaded asynchronously to add functionality.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically loads multiple third-party libraries without any validation or sandboxing, which could be manipulated. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No suspicious network activity or code hiding is evident. The code contains minimal obfuscation, primarily standard minification artifacts.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily client-side image processing with dynamic library loading for zip, PDF, and image handling. It processes user files to compress, convert, or watermark images and then allows downloading results. External libraries are loaded from CDN URLs, which is standard but could pose supply chain risks if compromised. No malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or cryptomining are evident. The code does not contain any suspicious network activity or covert operations. All operations appear to be legitimate image processing functions. The dynamic library loading is routine but warrants caution if CDN sources are compromised. There are no signs of code injection, hardcoded secrets, or other malicious anomalies.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs legitimate image processing tasks with dynamic library loading. No malicious behavior or security risks are detected based on this analysis. The main concern is dependency trustworthiness, but within this code, there is no direct evidence of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}