{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React Native component for rendering a customizable animated progress circle, including optional text display and animated rotation.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from component props such as 'progress', 'rotation', and 'props' itself. It also reads from imported modules and local files ('./Shapes/Arc', './withAnimation'). The component adds a listener to 'progress' prop if 'animated' is true.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily renders UI components using 'Svg' and 'Arc', and updates visual state. No direct data sinks (e.g., network, file system) are present. No functions are called that perform data exfiltration or malicious network activity.",
  "flows": "The component flows include listening to 'progress' updates, rendering SVG arcs based on progress, and applying rotation interpolations. The 'formatText' function processes progress for display. All data flows are related to UI rendering and animation control.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are evident. The code uses standard React Native practices and well-known libraries. No obfuscated code, hidden network calls, or malicious logic are present. The use of 'Animated' components is standard for animations.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React Native UI component that manages progress visualization with optional animation and text. It registers a listener on the 'progress' prop when 'animated' is true, to update internal state and trigger re-rendering. It uses interpolation for rotation animation if 'rotation' is provided. The SVG rendering is based on the component's props, with no dynamic or external data sources involved. No signs of malicious code, data exfiltration, or system tampering are detected. The code follows conventional patterns and does not include obfuscation or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured React Native component for displaying an animated progress circle. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are identified. The implementation focuses solely on UI rendering and animation, with no signs of compromise or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}