{
  "purpose": "Testing arithmetic functions with various inputs, including booleans, strings, and functions, to evaluate input handling and robustness.",
  "sources": "Function arguments passed to 'suma', 'resta', 'multiplicacion', 'division' functions, including true, 2, 'asd', 'as', Boolean, 1, 10, 'as', 2.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or errors could occur if the functions mishandle non-numeric inputs, leading to runtime errors or unexpected behavior.",
  "flows": "Inputs from function calls flow directly into the respective arithmetic functions; improper types may cause errors if not validated within the module.",
  "anomalies": "Passing the 'Boolean' constructor as an argument is unusual and suspicious; no input validation visible; no obfuscation or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a local module and calls its functions with diverse data types, including booleans, strings, and functions. No network activity or obfuscation is present. The main concern is that non-numeric inputs may cause runtime errors if the module does not handle such cases properly. The use of 'Boolean' (the constructor) as an argument is suspicious but not inherently malicious. All reports correctly identify the lack of input validation but do not suggest malicious intent. Malware scores are consistently zero, aligning with the absence of malicious activity. Security risk scores are low (~0.2-0.4), reflecting potential for errors due to improper input handling but no active threats. The scores are appropriate, and no adjustments are necessary. The primary recommendation is to implement input validation within the module to prevent runtime errors. Overall, the code is benign with input robustness concerns, not malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign testing script that exercises functions with various data types, including some inappropriate ones. There is no evidence of malicious activity or malware. The main concern is input validation, which should be addressed within the module. The existing scores are appropriate; malware and obfuscated scores remain at 0, and the security risk score should be around 0.3-0.4 due to potential runtime errors from improper inputs.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.35,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}