{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Vue.js plugin for progressive image loading with directives for image preview and origin, providing visual enhancements for images in web applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input primarily from directive binding values (image URLs) in the 'preview' and 'origin' directives. It also accesses the document's current scripts and manipulates the DOM to insert styles and image elements.",
  "sinks": "The code inserts CSS styles into document head and appends image elements to DOM nodes, based on the binding values, for displaying progressive images. No data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks such as network or system files.",
  "flows": "Image URLs provided in directive bindings are used to set image sources for progressive loading. These URLs are loaded into Image objects, and the resulting images are added to DOM elements. Styles are injected once during plugin installation.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically inserts CSS styles for blurring and scaling effects; however, this is standard for visual effects and not suspicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. All code appears to follow typical Vue plugin conventions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Vue.js plugin that implements progressive image loading via custom directives. It dynamically injects CSS for visual effects, loads images from URLs provided via directives, and manipulates DOM elements to add images and styles. The code uses standard DOM and Vue API methods, with no obfuscated code or suspicious network activity. No hardcoded secrets or malicious behaviors are detected. It performs style injection, image preloading, and DOM manipulation for visual effects, which are typical for such plugins.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate Vue plugin for progressive image loading, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs expected operations for enhancing image presentation in web applications without any malicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}