{
  "purpose": "A middleware proxy that fetches, caches, and injects web resources (HTML, CSS, JS) for mobile content delivery, with dynamic tag processing and external resource management.",
  "sources": "Reads local files from the filesystem, fetches remote HTML/CSS/JS content via HTTP requests, reads cookies for resource mapping, and processes HTML tags with regex.",
  "sinks": "Injects or replaces script/style tags in HTML content, fetches external resources, writes cached files to disk, and outputs final HTML response.",
  "flows": "Source inputs include local filesystem and remote URLs; data flows through HTTP fetches, regex parsing, resource injection, and caching; final output is served as HTTP response.",
  "anomalies": "Uses a hardcoded IP address ('http://205.204.112.22') for fetching source HTML, relies on cookie-based resource mapping, and dynamically injects content without sanitization. No obfuscation or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a web proxy and cache middleware, fetching local or remote HTML, parsing tags with regex, and injecting or replacing scripts/styles based on cache validation via cookies. It employs a fixed IP for source fetches, which could be a supply chain concern. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. External dependencies and dynamic injection pose potential security risks if sources are compromised, but these are supply chain issues rather than malware. The code is straightforward, with no suspicious logic or obfuscation. The malware score is low (0), as no malicious activity is evident. The risk score is moderate (~0.3) due to external resource reliance and cookie-based resource mapping.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard resource proxy with caching and dynamic injection capabilities. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or obfuscation. The main security concern is reliance on external sources and resource injection, which could be exploited if those sources are malicious or compromised. Overall, it presents a low malware risk but warrants caution regarding external dependencies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}