{
  "purpose": "This code defines Vue.js components for a table with scrolling features, including seamless scrolling and dynamic layout, and registers these components for use in Vue applications.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from props such as 'data', 'tableData', and 'tableColums'. It also reads DOM element dimensions during mounted hooks for layout calculations. No untrusted input sources like user input or environment variables are explicitly accessed.",
  "sinks": "Data is rendered into DOM elements via Vue templates, and innerHTML is set with 'copyHtml'. No use of eval, new Function, or other code injection techniques. No network requests, file modifications, or system commands are present.",
  "flows": "Data props flow into component templates for rendering. DOM dimensions are read during component mounting for layout purposes. No source-to-sink malicious data flow is detected. The code primarily transforms and displays data without external data manipulation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. The code contains minified and normal Vue component code, with standard Vue lifecycle hooks and property watchers. No suspicious functions or code obfuscation is present. Some console warnings are standard debugging aids.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Vue.js component implementation for table display with scrolling features. It includes a seamless scroll component and dynamic table layout adjustments. No suspicious network calls, system modifications, or malicious logic are present. The minified parts are typical for production Vue code and do not suggest obfuscation. The overall structure is consistent with normal UI component development.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate Vue.js table component with scrolling functionality. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or sabotage indicators. No malware signals or security risks are detected within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}