{
  "purpose": "The code implements a utility library for normalizing GraphQL responses, including string case transformations and pluralization, as well as constructing and parsing GraphQL queries with additional fields. It aims to facilitate handling GraphQL data structures in client applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters such as 'data' in the 'normalize' function, and reads configuration options from the object passed to 'GraphQLNormalizr'. It also reads string inputs for case transformations and pluralization.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'normalize' function which processes potentially untrusted GraphQL response data, and the 'parse' function which parses GraphQL query strings. However, these are typical data processing operations and do not involve unsafe data execution.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters ('data', 'qs') into processing functions ('normalize', 'parse') which then output normalized data structures or parsed GraphQL ASTs. String transformations and pluralization functions process static or user-provided strings but do not execute code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments are present. All functions perform standard data transformation tasks, and the code adheres to typical library implementation patterns. There are no obfuscated or suspicious code constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple utility functions for string case conversions, pluralization, object property access, and GraphQL AST manipulation. The 'GraphQLNormalizr' function provides normalization of GraphQL response data with options for caching, case handling, and connection management. It includes functions for parsing and augmenting GraphQL queries. All operations are standard data processing routines with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. The caching mechanism uses Map objects, and the only side effects involve warnings or cache access, which are typical and benign. The string functions and pluralization are straightforward and rely on known patterns. There is no dynamic code execution, network communication, or data exfiltration observed.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical utility library for GraphQL data normalization and string manipulation, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs safe data handling, string transformation, and GraphQL AST modifications. The code is well-structured, with no obfuscated segments or suspicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}