{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for the grunt-ssh plugin, including validation, connection option parsing, and file size formatting.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as options, strings, numbers, and grunt utility functions. User input can influence options like host, username, privateKey, passphrase, and password.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include usage of privateKey, passphrase, password, and agent fields which are assigned directly from input data; these could be used in unauthorized access if malicious input is provided.",
  "flows": "User input (host, username, privateKey, passphrase, password, agent) flows into connectionOptions object, which is used to establish SSH connections. No other data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to perform standard validation and processing. There are no hardcoded credentials, suspicious function calls, or hidden behaviors. The privateKey and passphrase are trimmed but not stored or transmitted elsewhere within this snippet.",
  "analysis": "The code defines validation functions for strings, numbers, and arrays, ensuring inputs are valid before use. It processes connection options by assigning user-supplied host, port, username, and authentication credentials (privateKey, passphrase, password). There is no indication of malicious data handling or behavior such as data exfiltration or reverse shell commands. The privateKey and passphrase are sanitized via trimming, but this is standard. The connection options are returned for use in SSH connections. File size conversion is purely computational and safe. No suspicious network activity or malicious code execution is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for SSH connection setup, with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It validates and processes user input for establishing SSH connections, but does not perform any malicious actions or data exfiltration. Overall, it appears safe with a very low malware risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}