{
  "purpose": "This code provides a confetti animation library, allowing dynamic creation and updating of confetti particles within a container element.",
  "sources": "Input data is sourced from function parameters such as 'container' and 'options'. External data influence occurs through options provided to 'confetti' and 'createConfetti' functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation (innerHTML, style.setProperty, classList modifications), which could be exploited if untrusted input influences styling or DOM structure. No network, file system, or sensitive data access is present.",
  "flows": "Input options influence style properties and particle creation; the code dynamically generates styles and DOM nodes based on these options. The flow is contained within DOM manipulation and style setting, with no external data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. Variable names are obfuscated but consistent with minified/obfuscated code; however, this appears intentional for minification, not malicious obfuscation. No dynamic code evaluation or network activity is present. No unusual behaviors or privacy violations are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a confetti animation with customizable options, creating DOM elements with styles controlled via CSS variables. It uses randomization for particle behavior and style. Functions manage DOM elements and styles, with updates handled via 'update' and 'destroy' methods. No network requests, data leaks, or code injections are evident. The style injection is safe, only inserting predefined styles. No indicators of malicious intent or malware functions are present. The use of obfuscated class names and variable names appears to be standard minification, not malicious obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "This module is a standard confetti animation library without malicious behavior. It dynamically generates visual particles with configurable options, with no evidence of malware or security risks. The only concern is typical minification/obfuscation of code for size, not malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}