{
  "purpose": "This source code provides client-side JavaScript functions for syntax highlighting and pretty printing code snippets within HTML documents, supporting multiple programming languages and embedded code blocks.",
  "sources": "The code reads input primarily from HTML DOM nodes (such as <pre>, <code>, and <xmp> elements), extracting inner HTML or text content for processing and styling.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM modifications such as setting innerHTML, replacing or inserting text nodes, creating and appending DOM elements, and updating class names and styles, which could be misused if supplied with malicious input.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data flows from user-supplied or external HTML content into extracted source code strings, then into tokenization and syntax highlighting functions, culminating in DOM updates that render styled code snippets.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The code performs standard syntax highlighting operations. It does include the use of innerHTML to inject source code into temporary DOM elements, which could pose XSS risks if source content is untrusted. However, there is no evidence of malicious obfuscation, unusual code patterns, or dynamic execution beyond standard DOM manipulation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive syntax highlighting library, primarily focused on parsing and styling code snippets in the browser. It defines keyword lists for multiple languages, token styles, and regex-based lexers for syntax elements. Functions for extracting source code from DOM, decorating it with styles, and reinserting into DOM are included. There are no indications of network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads. The use of innerHTML is standard for such libraries but could be a security concern if used with untrusted sources. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, well-structured syntax highlighter with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a client-side syntax highlighting library designed to prettify code snippets within HTML documents. It performs typical DOM manipulation and tokenization tasks without any signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. While it handles untrusted source code via innerHTML, there are no indications of malware, backdoors, or malicious activity. The risk profile is low, assuming proper sanitization of input sources.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}