{
  "purpose": "The code is a browser-side JavaScript library for syntax highlighting and pretty-printing code snippets contained in HTML documents, supporting multiple programming languages and embedding contexts.",
  "sources": "It reads HTML elements with classes like 'prettyprint', 'lang-*', and inner HTML content of <pre>, <code>, and <xmp> tags. It also extracts source code from DOM text nodes and attributes.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous sinks include modifications to DOM nodes (innerHTML, nodeValue, replaceChild, insertBefore), and creation of span and list elements that could interfere with page rendering or be exploited for DOM-based attacks if malicious code is embedded in source content.",
  "flows": "Untrusted source code from DOM elements flows into syntax highlighting functions and then back into the DOM via innerHTML or node value modifications, which could execute malicious scripts if source content is compromised. The code extracts source code, applies lexing and decoration, and reinserts styled code into the page.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are detected. The script is a well-structured syntax highlighter with extensive language support and DOM manipulation functions. It does include DOM modifications that could be exploited if source code is malicious, but these are standard for syntax highlighting tools. No obfuscated code or hidden malicious patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive syntax highlighting library designed for safe use in trusted pages. It reads source code from specified DOM elements, lexes and decorates it with CSS classes, and reinserts the styled code into the DOM. The functions for extracting source code, applying styles, and modifying DOM nodes are standard and well-contained. No external network communication, data leakage, or stealthy behavior is detected. The only potential security concern is if the source HTML contains malicious script tags or content, which could lead to XSS vulnerabilities when using innerHTML. However, this is a common risk with any client-side code that manipulates HTML content from untrusted sources. Overall, no malicious intent or harmful behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a syntax highlighting library intended for enhancing code readability on web pages. It performs DOM manipulations and source code processing in a typical manner for such tools. There is no evidence of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior within this module. The primary security consideration is ensuring that source code content is trusted or sanitized before processing to prevent XSS. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}