{
  "purpose": "The code is a JavaScript library for browser-side syntax highlighting and pretty printing of code contained in HTML, supporting multiple programming languages and embedding source code with styling.",
  "sources": "The code reads HTML elements (<pre>, <code>, <xmp>) and their class attributes, as well as their innerHTML and text nodes for source code content. It also accesses user agent info for browser detection.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs styled HTML by modifying DOM nodes, creating span elements with style classes, and replacing text nodes. No direct data leaks or network sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Source DOM elements are parsed for source code content; source code strings are tokenized and styled; styled spans are inserted into DOM nodes; in prettyPrintOne, innerHTML is set and returned. There are no external network flows or data exfiltration pathways.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code segments, backdoors, or hardcoded credentials are detected. The code contains extensive styling and tokenization logic, but no code injection, network connections, or obfuscated/malicious patterns. The code includes comments and license notices, no obfuscation or hiding mechanisms.",
  "analysis": "The script is a syntax highlighter and formatter designed for browser use, supporting multiple languages via registered handlers. It performs DOM traversal, source code extraction, tokenization, styling, and re-insertion into DOM nodes. It uses setTimeout for asynchronous processing to avoid UI blocking. The code contains no network requests, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The only potential concern might be reliance on innerHTML and DOM manipulation, but these are standard for such libraries. No malicious behavior or sabotage is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate syntax highlighting library for browsers, with no signs of malware or malicious intent. It performs styling of code snippets without network or data leaks. It appears safe, well-structured, and purpose-specific.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}