{
  "purpose": "The source code is a browser-side JavaScript library designed for syntax highlighting and pretty printing of code snippets embedded in HTML documents. It supports multiple programming languages and includes functions for lexing, tokenizing, and decorating code blocks.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from HTML DOM elements, specifically <pre>, <code>, and <xmp> tags with class 'prettyprint', and their child nodes such as text nodes and elements. It also extracts code snippets from innerHTML and textContent of these nodes.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation functions such as setting innerHTML, nodeValue, and replacing child nodes. It also constructs and inserts <span> elements with specific class names for syntax highlighting, which could be misused if malicious input is processed.",
  "flows": "Code reads input from DOM nodes (sources), processes the content through lexers and tokenizers to generate style decorations, then manipulates DOM nodes (sinks) by replacing or wrapping text nodes with styled <span> elements. The main flow involves extracting source code, applying language-specific lexing/decorating, and reinserting styled content.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. The code dynamically loads language handlers, supports various syntax patterns, and performs DOM modifications consistent with syntax highlighting. The code comments and structure indicate standard syntax highlighter functionality without obfuscation or hidden code. No network activity or data exfiltration is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive syntax highlighting library (Google Code Prettify) that processes embedded code snippets for display. It defines multiple language keyword sets, token styles, and lexing functions. It extracts source code from DOM elements, lexes and decorates tokens, and updates the DOM with styled spans. The functions for extraction, decoration, and DOM modification are standard for such a library. No code indicates malicious intent such as data exfiltration, system modification, or network communication. The code comments and structure are consistent with open-source syntax highlighter utilities. There are no signs of malware, sabotage, or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate open-source syntax highlighting library intended for client-side code prettification. It performs DOM manipulations and text processing for display purposes only. There are no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}