{
  "purpose": "This library provides functionality for tracking URL visit probabilities, blacklisting URLs, and analyzing URL patterns based on visit counts and probabilities.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from method calls such as observe(), setData(), and routes()/blacklist() which process URL strings and update internal store objects. It also reads from external input via setData() and route/blacklist arrays.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs data through methods like getData(), and internal data updates affect the store object. No direct network or file system operations are performed within this code; however, data stored and retrieved could potentially be used elsewhere.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (like URLs and route lists) into internal store objects. URL observation updates counts, which influence probability calculations. The analyze() function recalculates probabilities based on counts. No external data or system commands are executed based on these flows.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard and focused on URL analysis; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. No obfuscated code or hidden dynamic execution is present. The logic is straightforward with no suspicious patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code implements URL tracking and probabilistic analysis, updating internal data structures based on URL observations. It avoids executing external commands or network calls. The functions for matching routes and updating probabilities are standard. No signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, code injection, or reverse shells, are present. The data flow is internal and limited to probability calculations. The code does not access sensitive system data or environment variables, nor does it perform unsafe operations.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a URL tracking and analysis library with no indications of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It functions as an internal utility without external security risks or malware indicators.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}