{
  "purpose": "This code implements an SDK for secure communication with a remote server, including authentication, data encryption/decryption, and real-time subscriptions over WebSockets, primarily for IoT or client-server data exchange.",
  "sources": "Input data includes user credentials (username, password), tokens, and payloads for publish/send operations; environmental data from window.crypto; server responses from HTTP requests and WebSocket messages.",
  "sinks": "Data transmitted over HTTP POST requests (login, publish, service requests), WebSocket messages for subscriptions and data exchange, and encryption/decryption routines involving cryptographic keys; potential data leakage or malicious data processing can occur here if mishandled.",
  "flows": "Sources such as user credentials and payloads flow into HTTP requests or cryptographic functions; responses and encrypted data flow into decryption routines; decrypted data then flows into callbacks; WebSocket events handle incoming data that may be decrypted and passed to callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets aside from the RSA public key, which appears legitimate. RSA keys are generated dynamically. The code does not appear to handle or store secrets insecurely. It maintains a set of static response objects for status codes. The RSA public key is embedded, but that is typical for public keys. The cryptographic routines seem standard. No backdoors or unusual behaviors are evident. The code is verbose but structurally normal.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard cryptographic operations: RSA key generation, encryption, decryption, and symmetric AES encryption for payloads. It manages tokens for authentication and maintains WebSocket connections for real-time data. The handling of cryptography appears correct, with dynamic key generation and use of crypto.subtle API. No evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or covert data exfiltration. The use of global variables for tokens and keys is typical in SDKs but could be risky if misused, yet within the scope of the code, it does not introduce malicious intent. No suspicious external connections or command-and-control features are detected beyond normal server communication. All functions seem to serve legitimate purposes for secure messaging and subscription management.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate SDK for secure client-server communication, with proper cryptographic routines and standard network handling. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data leakage within this module. It follows common security practices for handling cryptography and tokens. The overall security risk score is low, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}