{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React-based image cropping modal component with upload capabilities, allowing users to select, crop, and upload images with configurable options such as zoom, rotation, aspect ratio, and shape.",
  "sources": "The code reads user input through file uploads, reads image data via FileReader, and retrieves crop parameters from the cropper component. It also accesses window.navigator.language for localization.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data is processed and converted into a Blob and then a File object for upload. The component calls provided beforeUpload handlers, which may perform further actions with files. The code does not send data over the network directly but prepares data for upload.",
  "flows": "User uploads an image -> FileReader reads image data -> Modal opens with cropping UI -> User adjusts crop -> getCropCanvas creates a cropped image canvas -> Blob converts canvas to File -> beforeUpload handler is called with the processed file.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. It uses standard React hooks and common image processing techniques. No suspicious network activity or system modifications are evident. Deprecation warnings are logged for removed props. The code includes normal localization logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component for image cropping with upload support, utilizing external libraries such as react-easy-crop and antd-based modal and slider components. It processes images entirely within the browser and prepares files for upload after cropping. There are no indications of malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or suspicious network activity. All file handling appears standard, with proper asynchronous handling and callbacks. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present. The use of FileReader and canvas for image manipulation is common in image upload components.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured React image cropping component with upload capabilities. It performs expected functions without any signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or harmful behavior. It is safe based on the provided code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}