{
  "purpose": "This code provides React components and utility functions for defining and applying CSS animations, such as fade, bounce, wiggle, slide, and rotate, to React elements. It dynamically generates keyframes and styles for these animations and applies them on hover or on load.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from component props (name, duration, iteration, timing, onlyHover) and from document.styleSheets (to insert keyframes). It also accesses React's children and state hooks.",
  "sinks": "The code dynamically inserts CSS keyframes into the stylesheet and applies inline styles to DOM elements. No data is sent externally or written to files.",
  "flows": "Input props (name, duration, timing, onlyHover) influence style and keyframe generation. Keyframes are created based on animation type, then inserted into stylesheet. Styles are applied via React's state, with hover handlers toggling styles.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior detected. The code performs standard CSS animation generation and React component rendering. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution present. The console.log statement is benign, likely for debugging.",
  "analysis": "The code defines animation constants and functions to generate CSS keyframes for various animation types. It dynamically inserts these keyframes into the stylesheet and manages animation styles via React state. The Transit component handles animation triggering on load or hover, providing reusable animated effects. No external network requests, data leakage, or malicious actions are observed. All operations are related to style management and DOM manipulation for visual effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React animation utility with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It dynamically creates and applies CSS animations for visual effects. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious activities are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}