{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of animation constants and functions to generate CSS keyframes and styles for different animations. It defines a React component that applies these animations to its children, either on hover or automatically.",
  "sources": "The code reads its own constant definitions, dynamically generates CSS keyframes, and injects them into the document's stylesheet. It also reads React component props for animation configuration.",
  "sinks": "Injected CSS keyframes into document.styleSheets. Styles are applied to a React div element, reacting to hover events. No untrusted data is directly used in sensitive sinks like network requests or file system access.",
  "flows": "Constant definitions and functions generate CSS keyframes -> keyframes injected into stylesheet -> React component applies styles based on props and hover events -> styles affect DOM element.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors. The code dynamically creates CSS animations and applies them on hover, which is standard for animation components. No obfuscated code, no external data fetching, or suspicious network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code defines animation constants and functions to generate keyframes for various effects such as fade, bounce, wiggle, rotate, and slide. It uses React hooks to manage animation styles and injects keyframes into the stylesheet dynamically. The React component 'Transit' handles applying these styles and keyframes to its child elements, with optional hover-triggered animation. The logic is straightforward, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not handle any untrusted user input for network, filesystem, or credential purposes. All operations are confined to CSS style manipulation within the browser environment.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React animation utility component with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It dynamically generates and applies CSS animations, which is common in frontend development. No security risks or sabotage indicators detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}