{
  "purpose": "This code defines React components and functions to generate and inject CSS keyframes dynamically for various animations, applying styles based on props and user interactions such as hover.",
  "sources": "Props such as 'name', 'type', 'duration', 'iterationCount', and 'timing' used to generate keyframes and styles; document.styleSheets for CSS rule insertion.",
  "sinks": "Injected CSS rules into the stylesheet; inline styles applied to React elements; hover event handlers toggling animation styles.",
  "flows": "Props are used to generate keyframe definitions and styles, which are inserted into the stylesheet; hover events toggle the application of these styles; styles are applied inline to DOM elements.",
  "anomalies": "Potential CSS injection if 'name' or 'type' props are controlled by untrusted input without sanitization; no validation or sanitization of input props before CSS rule creation.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically creates CSS keyframes and styles based on component props, injecting them into the stylesheet at runtime. While this is a common pattern for animations, it introduces a potential CSS injection vector if 'name' or 'type' are maliciously crafted. The code does not sanitize or validate these inputs, which could lead to injection of malicious CSS. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious network activity, or malicious code execution. The malware score is appropriate at 0, as no malicious intent or activity is evident. The risk score is low (~0.2), but given the potential for CSS injection if inputs are untrusted, it could be slightly increased to around 0.3-0.4. Overall, the code is a standard React utility for animations with minimal security concerns, provided inputs are controlled or sanitized.",
  "conclusion": "The code is safe for use in controlled environments. The primary security concern is the potential for CSS injection if 'name' or 'type' props are supplied by untrusted sources without sanitization. No malicious behavior or obfuscation is present. The malware score remains 0, and the obfuscated score is 0. The security risk score can be slightly increased to reflect the injection vector, but overall, the code is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}