{
  "purpose": "Exports a function to create an SNICallback using the 'anchor-pki' package for managing SSL/TLS certificate operations.",
  "sources": "Require statements importing 'Manager' and 'Configuration' from 'anchor-pki/auto-cert', and the function 'createSNICallback' which initializes a 'Manager' instance with options.",
  "sinks": "The SNICallback function returned by 'manager.sniCallback', which could potentially be used during TLS handshake to provide certificates.",
  "flows": "The 'createSNICallback' function creates a 'Manager' with options and returns its 'sniCallback' method bound to the manager instance. This callback is intended for use in TLS server configuration.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are evident. The code relies on external 'anchor-pki' modules; without their source, internal behavior cannot be fully determined. No obfuscated or suspicious constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports 'Manager' and 'Configuration' from a third-party library 'anchor-pki'. It defines a function 'createSNICallback' that initializes a 'Manager' object with default or provided options, then returns the 'sniCallback' bound to that manager. The 'sniCallback' is likely used during TLS server setup to handle SNI (Server Name Indication) for TLS certificates. No external data sources, user input, or environment variables are used directly. The code appears straightforward and intended to facilitate TLS certificate management using the 'anchor-pki' library. No malicious behavior, suspicious activity, or malware indications are apparent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a simple, standard utility for integrating a certificate management callback into a TLS server. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided snippet. Its security posture depends on the integrity of the 'anchor-pki' library, but the code itself is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}