{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for object manipulation, including grouping, insertion, deep insertion, assembly, key retrieval, procurement, and mapping of values, primarily aimed at safe object handling and data processing.",
  "sources": "Data is read from objects, arrays, and function arguments (e.g., collection, getGroups, paths, objects). Key paths are retrieved or checked within objects. External modules like 'tcomb', 'nodash', and custom error handling are used.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted data is inserted or retrieved without validation; however, no direct data transmission or external system access is evident. No suspicious network or system calls are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function parameters (collections, objects, paths) into internal processing (e.g., getGroups, get, set, merge). The functions manipulate data within objects or collections based on user-supplied input, with checks for existing keys to prevent overwriting.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code performs standard object utilities, with no obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or unusual language features. All external module usage appears legitimate and non-malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code employs standard object manipulation patterns with safety checks, such as verifying key existence before insertion and asserting types. The use of external modules like 'tcomb' and 'nodash' suggests reliance on well-known libraries. No suspicious or malicious behavior, network access, or data exfiltration activities are detected. The functions are designed for safe data handling and merging, with appropriate error handling for conflicts or missing keys. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or malware. Overall, the code appears to be a set of utility functions intended for safe and controlled object data management.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a collection of utility functions for safe object manipulation and data processing, with no indications of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It performs standard, well-understood operations with appropriate safety checks. No malicious behavior or security threats are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}