{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React-based toast notification system (Toaster) with dynamic creation, rendering, and removal of toast messages within a web application.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from component props (e.g., className, placement), internal state (toastList), and external DOM (querySelector, createElement). It also accesses refs for toast components and uses imported utility functions.",
  "sinks": "Methods such as add(), remove(), and destroy() invoke DOM manipulations and unmount React components; toast() method feeds new toast data into the system. No explicit sinks directly leaking untrusted data outside the controlled React environment.",
  "flows": "Input flows from external calls to add() or toast() functions, propagating through state updates and rendering, ultimately manipulating DOM nodes and React components. Removal flows through remove() and destroy() functions, affecting DOM cleanup.",
  "anomalies": "The code extensively uses dynamic imports, runtime-created refs, and external utility functions. No obvious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No use of eval or similar dynamic code execution. No suspicious network requests or data leaks detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical React component implementation for toast notifications, with functions for creating, rendering, and managing toast messages. It uses standard React refs, state management, DOM queries, and component mounting/unmounting. All data flows appear to be contained within the application scope. There are no signs of malicious code, such as hidden network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The imported dependencies are standard polyfills and utility libraries. No obfuscated code or suspicious patterns are present. The code appears safe and purpose-driven, with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React toast notification system with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It operates within expected patterns for UI component management, with no hardcoded secrets or external malicious interactions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}