{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React-based toast notification system, allowing dynamic creation, display, and removal of toast messages within a web application. It manages toast containers and provides APIs for toast management.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, React component props, and references to DOM elements. It also accesses configuration context objects for class name and placement options.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates DOM elements to create or remove toast containers, appends elements to document.body, and updates React component state. No direct data leaks or malicious sinks are identified.",
  "flows": "Inputs such as toast data or configuration options flow from API calls into React component state or DOM manipulations, resulting in toast rendering or removal. The promise-based creation flow ensures async initialization before toast operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard implementation of a React toast notification system. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code execution detected. Use of Babel runtime helpers is typical transpiled code, not obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component for managing toast notifications, utilizing React refs, state, DOM manipulation, and dynamic component rendering. It creates containers if they do not exist and manages toast lifecycle through methods like add, remove, and destroy. There is no evidence of malicious data exfiltration, code injection, or suspicious network activity. All operations involve DOM updates or React state, which are typical for UI components. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns such as hidden network calls, eval, or system access are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard React toast notification implementation with no malicious intent. It manages toast UI elements securely and without suspicious behavior. No malware or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}