{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React-based toaster notification system, allowing dynamic creation, management, and removal of toast messages within a web application.",
  "sources": "Inputs include toast data passed to add() method, configuration options in createToaster(), and props in getToaster().",
  "sinks": "Methods like add(), remove(), and the toast() function invoke DOM manipulations, React component rendering, and unmounting components, potentially affecting the UI and DOM.",
  "flows": "Input data (toast info) flows through add() to state updates and rendering; createToaster() resolves a toaster object with toast, remove, and destroy methods; getToaster() manages promise-based singleton toaster instances; removeToast() triggers removal via stored promises.",
  "anomalies": "Code is heavily obfuscated with Babel runtime helpers and dynamic imports. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. Use of promise-based singleton pattern is typical for dynamic component management. No unusual code, misleading variables, or hidden behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component and utility functions for managing toaster notifications. It dynamically creates DOM containers, renders React components into them, and manages toast instances via promise-based singleton patterns. The code uses Babel helpers for compatibility and includes standard practices for component referencing and cleanup. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network connections, data exfiltration, or unauthorized system access. The obfuscated Babel helpers are standard for transpiled code and do not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the implementation appears to be a legitimate notification system with no malicious or security-compromising behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a React-based toaster notification system with dynamic creation and removal capabilities. It shows no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It employs standard React patterns and Babel transpilation helpers. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}