{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React-based toast notification system with functions to create, manage, and display toasts in a web application.",
  "sources": "Reads include imported modules, component props, and internal state variables (toastList). Data is received from external modules (e.g., lodash, @befe/brick-utils) and passed through functions like add, remove, and getToaster.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM elements to create or remove toast containers and toasts. Uses React rendering and unmounting methods to update UI. No direct data leaks or network calls are evident.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from external calls to add or remove toasts, passing through internal state updates and DOM manipulations. The add method updates toastList state; remove triggers slideOut animations and state cleanup. getToaster and createToaster manage DOM container creation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. Usage of dynamic DOM manipulation and React component refs appears standard. No suspicious network calls, reverse shells, or data exfiltration methods are present. Imported modules are common for React apps, and code structure follows typical patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React-based toast notification component with auxiliary functions for DOM container management. All data flows are within expected UI update patterns. No indications of malicious behavior such as unauthorized data transmission, backdoors, or system sabotage. Imports are standard utility and React modules. No obfuscation, hidden code, or suspicious dynamic execution observed. The code's purpose is UI notification management, aligning with benign intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard React toast notification implementation without any malicious behavior or security risks. There are no signs of malware, data leaks, or malicious network activity. The only potential concern is the reliance on dynamic DOM manipulation, which is typical for such components but should be reviewed in context of overall app security. Overall, the code is safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}