{
  "purpose": "This code is a JavaScript SDK for interacting with the Alammex API, primarily fetching quotes and executing swap transactions. It handles data flow between user inputs, API requests, and responses, providing structured classes for API data.",
  "sources": "Function parameters such as addresses, IDs, amounts, API keys, transaction payloads, and environment variables determine request data; external API endpoints via axios.post.",
  "sinks": "API endpoints over HTTPS where data such as transaction payloads, API keys, and user inputs are sent; no system or environment variable sinks are present.",
  "flows": "User inputs and function parameters flow into API request payloads; responses from API calls are parsed into class instances representing quotes, routes, transactions, etc.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code detected. The inclusion of regenerator-runtime is standard for transpiled async functions. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, well-structured SDK for blockchain API interactions. It makes HTTPS POST requests to predictable endpoints based on network environment, passing sensitive data as parameters. Responses are parsed into internal objects without suspicious processing. No signs of malicious activity, backdoors, or data exfiltration are observed. The use of regenerator-runtime is typical for transpiled async functions, not malicious. The code handles data securely over HTTPS, and no hardcoded secrets are present. The overall design and network behavior are consistent with legitimate SDKs. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score (~0.1-0.2) is appropriate given the external API interactions but no malicious indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, transparent SDK for blockchain API interactions. No malicious behavior, obfuscation, or backdoors are present. The data flows are standard, and the network requests are predictable and secure assuming HTTPS. The scores assigned in the reports (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: ~0.2) are accurate and consistent with the detailed analysis. The supply chain security posture for this code is minimal risk, and it can be considered safe based on the provided review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}