{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JavaScript SDK for interacting with the Alammex API, enabling users to fetch swap quotes and transaction data related to blockchain assets, specifically for mainnet and testnet environments.",
  "sources": "User inputs include function parameters such as 'fromASAId', 'toASAId', 'amount', 'address', 'slippage', 'referrer', and API key. These are used to construct API requests. No external or untrusted sources are directly read or executed within the code itself.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the axios POST request to the Alammex API endpoints, which send data such as transaction parameters and user input details. No direct data leaks or sensitive data exfiltration points are visible. The code does not write to files, execute system commands, or access environment variables.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., transaction details, user addresses, amounts) flows into API request payloads via fetchApiData, which then transmits this data over HTTPS to the Alammex servers. The responses from the server are parsed into SDK objects. No internal processing of untrusted data occurs beyond API calls.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a straightforward SDK wrapper for API interactions with no obfuscated code, hidden logic, or unusual language features. The 'regenerator-runtime' code at the start is standard for transpiled async functions, not malicious. The code does not contain hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or secret tokens. No suspicious code snippets or behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily composed of class definitions, API request functions, and data parsing routines for interacting with the Alammex API. It uses standard modern JavaScript patterns and the 'axios' library for network requests. No signs of malicious behavior such as system manipulation, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The runtime code at the top is typical for transpiled async functions and does not introduce security risks. The data flow is limited to API interactions, and no sensitive data handling or environment variable usage is visible that could be exploited. Overall, the code functions as a secure SDK wrapper, with no evidence of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, well-structured SDK for blockchain transaction interactions. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or suspicious code. The security risk score is very low, and confidence in this assessment is high. No malicious activity or supply chain threats are detected within this module.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}