{
  "purpose": "The script automates the release process for an AngularJS Material project, including version bumping, changelog creation, repo cloning, site updates, and publishing steps.",
  "sources": "Reads input from user via prompt-sync, reads local files like package.json, bower.json, docs.json, firebase.json, and files in dist/, as well as executing shell commands to interact with git, npm, and external URLs.",
  "sinks": "Shell commands executed via exec() that perform git operations, file system modifications, npm publish, and network requests (curl). User input influences version selection and dry-run confirmation.",
  "flows": "User input prompts influence version number; commands are dynamically constructed and executed; files are read and written; external commands and network requests are invoked for versioning, changelog, cloning, and site updates.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs complex release automation with multiple cloning, pushing, and file operations. It uses exec() extensively, which could be risky if commands are manipulated. However, all commands appear hardcoded or derived from controlled data, with no evident malicious external data. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. Use of curl to fetch latest version info is benign. The code contains no obfuscated or suspicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive release automation tool that interacts with git, npm, files, and network resources. It does not perform any suspicious network activity beyond fetching version info and pushing to repositories. The extensive use of exec() is typical for release scripts, and commands are constructed from safe sources. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware. The code structure and logic align with standard release procedures. No anomalies or malicious intents are detected; the script's purpose is to facilitate releases.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard release automation script with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It performs expected tasks for project release management securely. No malware or malicious behaviors are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}