{
  "purpose": "This script serves as a command-line interface tool for converting source code files or raw code using specific options and configurations, primarily related to handling Big number conversions.",
  "sources": "Input sources include command-line options for source file paths or glob patterns (--source), raw source code (--sourceCode), and tsconfig.json path (--sourceTsConfig). It also reads variables (--variables) and flags like --dryRun.",
  "sinks": "Data outputs include console logs (console.log) for displaying converted code or file information, and file saving operations (file.saveSync()). The console output may potentially expose sensitive information if such data is processed insecurely.",
  "flows": "Data flows from command-line inputs to the convert function, which processes files or code. Output flows to console or disk depending on options, with potential for sensitive data exposure if inputs contain secrets or proprietary code.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code structures are present. The code primarily handles argument parsing, configuration, and calling a conversion function. No hardcoded secrets or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script uses standard modules and patterns for CLI tools, including 'commander' for argument parsing and a convert module for processing. It safely handles options and passes them to the convert function. The output logic simply logs or saves files without executing untrusted code or performing insecure operations. No obfuscation, hidden code, or malicious network activity is observed. The code does not manipulate environment variables or perform any suspicious actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate CLI utility for source code conversion, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It processes inputs and outputs securely, based on the provided options. There are no indicators of malware, backdoors, or data leaks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}