{
  "purpose": "The code provides an image augmentation library with functions to manipulate images, such as greyscale, rotate, flip, extend, resize, sharpen, blur, negate, and more, to generate augmented datasets for machine learning or testing purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads input image files or directories, uses environment variables for paths, and processes images via Sharp library functions.",
  "sinks": "Writes processed images to specified output directories; uses path joins for saving files. No untrusted data is written or transmitted externally.",
  "flows": "Input images are read from user-specified paths; functions process images with Sharp; output files are saved locally in the output directory. No external network activity or data exfiltration observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code detected. The code structure is standard and well-organized. No suspicious code patterns, obfuscation, or dynamic code execution beyond normal async functions. No external network calls or data leaks are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an ImageAugmentation class with multiple image processing methods utilizing the Sharp library. It processes images either from file paths or directories, applying transformations with configurable probabilities. It manages internal counters and dynamically processes images with error handling. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections, or system sabotage. The code is straightforward, focusing on local file manipulations. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are detected. Usage of common libraries like 'sharp', 'path', and 'app-root-path' aligns with typical image processing workflows.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate image augmentation utility without malicious intent. It performs local image processing tasks with no external communications or harmful operations. No malware or security risks are evident from the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}