{
  "purpose": "This code implements a fireworks animation effect using HTML5 canvas, jQuery, and JavaScript objects to simulate particles and rockets for visual display.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from user interactions via the DOM (e.g., window.innerWidth, window.innerHeight), and parameters passed through the options object (opacity, width, height). It also accesses the DOM to append the canvas element.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any sinks that send data over the network, write to system files, or execute external commands. It primarily manipulates the DOM and canvas for visual effects.",
  "flows": "Data flows from configuration options and DOM properties to canvas rendering routines. The main execution flow involves launching rockets, updating particles, and rendering the animation on the canvas repeatedly.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard fireworks animation implementation. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code uses common patterns for particle physics and rendering. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The script creates a canvas element, appends it to a selected DOM element, and runs an animation loop to simulate fireworks using particles and rockets. It dynamically adjusts to window size changes. Particles and rockets are instantiated with properties controlling motion, size, color, and visual effects. The implementation uses standard JavaScript object prototypes, canvas drawing techniques, and timing functions. No network activity, external code execution, or suspicious operations are detected. The code appears to be purely for visual animation purposes without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a standard fireworks animation module that utilizes canvas and particles. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware; it solely creates visual effects for user interface enhancement. No security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}