{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for matrix operations such as transposition, Householder transformations, backward solving, and matrix inversion of upper triangular matrices, primarily for numerical linear algebra purposes.",
  "sources": "Inputs include matrices passed to functions such as transpose, householder, backsolve, and invUpperTriangle.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data are present; the functions perform numerical computations and return matrices or arrays.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input matrices through mathematical operations, with intermediate variables such as vectors and matrices, leading to output matrices or solution vectors.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code relies on well-known math procedures. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. Usage of 'Decimal.js' for high-precision calculations is standard. No network or system interaction code observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is focused on matrix algebra implementations, including transposition, Householder transformations, back substitution, and inversion of upper triangular matrices. It uses the 'Decimal.js' library for precise arithmetic, which is typical for numerical computations. The functions are internally consistent and follow standard mathematical algorithms. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network communication, or hidden backdoors. No hardcoded secrets or unusual logic are evident. The code structure and comments suggest it is intended for mathematical or engineering applications rather than malicious use. Overall, the code appears legitimate, with no indicators of malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a set of mathematical functions for linear algebra operations, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It appears to be standard numerical computation code using common algorithms and a well-known library. No suspicious patterns, obfuscated code, or malicious behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}