{
  "purpose": "This code provides an AngularJS module for displaying toast notifications with configurable options, including different types of messages (error, info, success, warning) and optional progress bars.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from 'toastrConfig', DOM elements via AngularJS directives, and user interactions such as mouse events and button clicks.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation (entering/removing toast elements), event callbacks (onHidden, onShown, onTap), and AngularJS scope updates which could be exploited if malicious data is injected.",
  "flows": "Input data from configuration and user interactions flow through scope variables into DOM elements, with callbacks triggered on events. Toast messages can be generated with user-supplied content, which may be HTML if allowHtml is enabled. The removal of toasts involves DOM manipulation and scope destruction.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to use standard AngularJS patterns for UI notifications. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are evident. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution present. The configuration allows HTML injection if 'allowHtml' is true, which could be risky if user input is not sanitized, but this is a known feature, not malicious per se.",
  "analysis": "The script is a typical implementation of a toast notification system in AngularJS, with functions for creating, removing, and managing toast messages. It handles scope and DOM interactions appropriately, with configurable options for behavior and appearance. There are no signs of malicious network activity, data theft, or backdoors. The allowHtml setting could enable XSS if untrusted content is injected into messages, but this depends on how the library is used rather than the library itself. No obfuscation, cryptic code, or hidden payloads are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard AngularJS toast notification module with no evident malicious behavior. The primary security concern relates to HTML injection if 'allowHtml' is enabled and user input is not sanitized, which is a documented feature rather than malicious intent. Overall, the package appears safe for typical use, with moderate caution advised regarding HTML content injection.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 4
}