{
  "purpose": "The code implements a toast notification system for AngularJS applications, providing functions to display, manage, and customize toast messages on the UI.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options from 'toastrConfig', DOM elements for container and toast messages, and user-supplied data such as message and title in notification functions.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates DOM elements for displaying notifications, binds event handlers, and dynamically compiles templates. It also potentially trusts HTML content in messages if 'allowHtml' is true, and executes user-defined callback functions for events like onHidden, onShown, onTap.",
  "flows": "User input data (message, title, options) flows into notification creation functions (_notify), which process and display toast elements in the DOM. Event handlers invoke user-defined callbacks. Configuration options influence behavior and display.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external connections are present. The code relies on user-defined callback functions and configuration. It uses AngularJS best practices for DOM manipulation and event handling. No obfuscated code or malicious patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard AngularJS toast notification module. It reads configuration from 'toastrConfig', displays notifications with specified options, and manages the lifecycle of toasts (creation, display, removal). It uses promises and AngularJS services appropriately. There are no signs of malicious code, such as data exfiltration, external network calls to suspicious domains, or hidden backdoors. The 'allowHtml' option can trust HTML content, which could be misused if configured insecurely, but this is a standard feature, not malicious. The code appears to be a typical open-source AngularJS module with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate AngularJS toast notification library without signs of malicious behavior. It manages UI notifications securely and according to common standards. No malicious or sabotage code detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}