{
  "purpose": "This code defines an AngularJS module for displaying toast notifications, including configuration, directives, and controllers to manage toast lifecycle and appearance.",
  "sources": "Data input sources include user interactions (clicks, mouse events), configuration options, and scope variables such as message, title, optionsOverride, and scope data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulations (adding/removing toast elements), $animate for UI transitions, $compile for dynamic content, and $interval/$timeout for timing functions. No obvious data leaks are detected.",
  "flows": "Input data (messages, options) flow through toast creation functions, with scope variables assigned via createScope. User interactions (mouse events, clicks) can trigger removal or pause timers. The flow remains within UI scope; no network or file system interactions are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code performs standard UI notification functions. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution observed. The code respects AngularJS best practices and contains no evident malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a toast notification system with functions for creating, displaying, updating, and removing toasts. It uses standard AngularJS services ($animate, $compile, $interval) for DOM manipulation and timing. Configuration options are set via constants. No data is sent over the network, no file operations, and no system commands are invoked. The flow is contained within the UI and scope management, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical AngularJS toast notification implementation with no malicious behavior detected. It handles user notifications safely, using standard practices. There are no indications of malware, backdoors, or security risks within this module.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}