{
  "purpose": "This code provides an AngularJS module for displaying toast notifications with configurable options, including different types of messages (error, info, success, warning) and a progress bar.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from injected services ($animate, $injector, $document, $rootScope, $sce, toastrConfig, $q), configuration constants (toastrConfig), and DOM elements (document.querySelector, angular.element). It also reads options and message data when creating notifications.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with DOM via AngularJS directives and animations, and it processes message data to display notifications. No sinks appear to lead to data leaks or external network connections within this code.",
  "flows": "Input data such as message, title, and options flow from the toastr API functions (error, info, success, warning) into notification creation. These flow into scope variables, then into DOM elements via $compile, and finally are displayed to the user. User interactions (clicks, mouse events) trigger removal or other callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No network calls, reverse shells, or system modifications are detected. The code primarily handles UI notifications. No unusual code, obfuscated parts, or dynamic eval statements are observed. There are no apparent backdoors or malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard AngularJS toast notification implementation. It uses dependency injection, configuration constants, and DOM manipulation to display and manage notifications. It performs typical UI actions such as creating, displaying, and removing toast messages, with options for progress bars and callbacks. There are no signs of data exfiltration, network activity, or malicious code. The functions and logic appear consistent with legitimate notification handling. The only minor concern could be if external inputs (messages, options) are maliciously crafted to cause UI disruption, but no malicious behavior such as code injection or external communication is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a toast notification system in AngularJS, with no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage. It functions as intended for UI notifications without performing any harmful actions. Therefore, it is considered safe and free of malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}