{
  "purpose": "The code provides an API client interface for interacting with a server protocol, allowing retrieval of media files, templates, and server info. It constructs command strings based on user input, sends commands, and parses responses into structured data.",
  "sources": "User-provided parameters such as filenames, folder names, and channel identifiers used in command string construction; data received from server responses via 'sendCommand'.",
  "sinks": "Potential injection points where untrusted user input (filenames, folders, channels) are embedded into command strings, which are then sent to the server for execution.",
  "flows": "User inputs are directly concatenated into command strings (e.g., 'CINF \"' + filename + '\"', 'TLS ' + folder, 'INFO TEMPLATE \"' + file + '\"', 'INFO ' + channel). These commands are sent via 'sendCommand', and responses are parsed into objects or arrays.",
  "anomalies": "The code embeds user inputs directly into command strings without explicit sanitization or escaping, which could lead to command injection if the server does not handle commands securely. No obfuscation or malicious code is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard API client wrapper that performs input validation, constructs command strings, and parses server responses. No malicious or obfuscated code is present. The main concern is that user inputs (filenames, folders, channels) are directly inserted into command strings without sanitization, posing a potential command injection risk if the server's command parser is insecure. Response parsing uses regex and standard methods, and no malware or backdoors are detected. The malware score is 0, and obfuscation score is 0. The security risk score should be elevated to 0.4 for functions where user input is embedded without escaping, notably in 'getMediaFileInfo', 'getTemplates', 'getTemplateInfo', and 'info'. Implementing input sanitization or escaping would mitigate this risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical client library with no malware or obfuscation. The primary security concern is potential command injection due to lack of input sanitization when constructing command strings from user inputs. The malware and obfuscation scores are 0; the security risk score should be 0.4 for functions embedding user input directly. To enhance security, input sanitization or escaping should be implemented before embedding user inputs into command strings.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}