{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for manipulating SVG elements and exporting them as images, primarily for use in web applications involving SVG graphics and image exports.",
  "sources": "Code reads style information via window.getComputedStyle, reads SVG elements and their attributes, and fetches SVGs for conversion into PNG URIs using 'save-svg-as-png'. It also accesses DOM elements for manipulation and querying.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting inline styles, replacing SVG elements with images, and invoking saveAs to trigger file downloads. The code also dynamically generates image sources for SVGs.",
  "flows": "The code flows from reading SVG elements and styles (sources), converting SVGs into PNG images, replacing SVG nodes with image elements, modifying display styles, and finally exporting the image file via saveAs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are present. The code primarily deals with DOM manipulation, style adjustments, and file exporting. There is an 'async' SVG-to-PNG conversion process which appears standard. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns identified. All operations are related to exporting SVG content as images.",
  "analysis": "The code is a utility module for SVG manipulation and exporting images in a web context. It reads style info and SVG data, converts SVGs to PNG URIs, replaces SVG elements with images, and manages element visibility for the export process. The use of 'saveAs' for downloading files and 'svgAsPngUri' for SVG conversion are standard practices. No indicators of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or backdoors are found. The code handles DOM queries and style adjustments, which are typical in such scenarios. There is no evidence of code injection, suspicious external network activity, or covert data collection.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard utility for exporting SVG content as images, involving style adjustments, SVG-to-PNG conversion, and DOM manipulation. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware indicators. The code performs expected functions without suspicious patterns or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}