{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to manipulate SVG elements and images in a webpage, fix styles, replace font icons with images, and export the visual content as PNG files. It provides utilities for adjusting SVG styling, replacing icons, and saving canvas images.",
  "sources": "User-provided DOM nodes, SVG elements, elements with specific class names (e.g., '.fixed-text', '.remove-when-downloading'), attributes like 'data-icon'. It also reads style properties via window.getComputedStyle.",
  "sinks": "Methods that generate and set image sources (svgAsPngUri), modify element styles, replace elements in the DOM, and trigger file downloads via saveAs. Particularly, saveAs writes files to the user's system based on the generated canvas.",
  "flows": "Input DOM nodes are processed to modify styles and replace SVG icons with images. The process involves reading node styles (sources), applying style modifications, replacing SVGs with images, and ultimately calling saveAs to export the image (sink). The flow may involve asynchronous SVG to PNG conversion.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code relies on standard DOM manipulations, style reads, and file-saving procedures. No obfuscated code, external network calls beyond image conversion, or data exfiltration identified.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manipulates SVG elements and DOM styling for visual adjustments and exports images. It uses well-known libraries (save-svg-as-png, file-saver) for SVG conversion and file saving. All operations involve typical DOM processing, style fixing, and image generation. There are no operations that send data over the network, access sensitive information, or perform malicious actions. The functions related to replacing icons and exporting images are standard. The only potential concern is the use of 'saveAs' to save files, but this is a user-initiated download process. No indications of hidden backdoors, malicious data collection, or code injection are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for SVG styling, icon replacement, and image exporting in a web application. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It performs typical DOM and style manipulations with no network exfiltration or harmful actions detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}