{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to manipulate SVG elements within a DOM, fix styles, replace icon SVGs with PNG images, and export the resulting content as a PNG file, primarily for visual or data export purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads DOM elements via querySelectorAll, gets computed styles via window.getComputedStyle, and retrieves attributes like 'data-icon'. It also fetches SVGs and converts them to PNG URIs.",
  "sinks": "The code creates and manipulates DOM elements, replaces SVGs with images, and triggers a file download using 'saveAs'. It does not directly handle untrusted data beyond DOM manipulations; no data is sent over network or written to disk directly within the code.",
  "flows": "Sources include DOM queries and style retrievals; sinks include DOM element replacement, style modifications, and initiating a download via 'saveAs'. The flow mainly involves transforming SVGs into PNG images for download.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code does not perform external network requests except for the conversion function which generates PNG URIs locally. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is detected. Use of async/await is standard and safe. The only notable operation is converting SVGs to PNGs, which is expected behavior.",
  "analysis": "The script manipulates DOM elements and styles for SVG and text styling, replaces SVG icons with PNG images, and triggers a file download. It uses external libraries 'save-svg-as-png' and 'file-saver' for image conversion and saving. There are no indications of malicious intent, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The flow is straightforward, involving style adjustments, DOM element hiding/showing, SVG to PNG conversion, and saving files. No suspicious network activity, credential handling, or harmful system modifications are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for styling SVGs, replacing icons with images, and exporting visual content as PNG files. It does not contain malware, malicious behaviors, or security risks. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}