{
  "purpose": "This code provides a utility function for gracefully shutting down Node.js servers, especially in a cluster environment, handling errors, and cleaning up child processes.",
  "sources": "Process event listeners (uncaughtException), server objects passed via options, environment variables (NODE_ENV), and process IDs (for killing child processes).",
  "sinks": "Process exit (process.exit), process.kill (to terminate processes), network requests handled by servers (via server.close), and messaging between master and worker in cluster mode (worker.send, worker.disconnect).",
  "flows": "Error handling captures uncaught exceptions; upon error, the code sets server request handlers to close connections, then initiates a timer to kill child processes and exit. Messages are sent to master in cluster mode to indicate shutdown. The process.kill function is called on child PIDs to terminate them.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The use of pstree to identify and kill child processes is standard for cleanup but could be misused if external inputs influenced process IDs. However, in this code, PIDs are derived solely from process tree, not external input.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a handler for uncaught exceptions, which triggers a graceful shutdown procedure: it stops servers from accepting new requests by adjusting request headers and connection flags, then schedules process termination after a configurable timeout. It also attempts to notify the cluster master of worker disconnects. The killChildren function retrieves all child processes of the current process and kills them using SIGKILL, preventing orphaned processes. No external inputs or untrusted data sources are used for process control or network actions. The code adheres to typical server shutdown patterns without suspicious behavior or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a standard graceful shutdown mechanism for Node.js server clusters, properly handling errors and cleaning up child processes. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain threats are detected. The use of process and cluster APIs is appropriate and secure within this context.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}