{
  "purpose": "The code initializes a JavaScript module for a graph visualization component, including styling, utility functions, and a Svelte component class for rendering interactive graphs with D3.js integration.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data for graph structures and UI interactions. It reads DOM elements, SVG elements, and style attributes. It also processes external dependencies such as d3 and dependencies in package.json.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates DOM elements, appends SVG and graphical elements, and applies transformations and styles based on input data. It interacts with user input events (clicks, zooms, drags).",
  "flows": "Data flows from external graph data (passed into the component) through rendering functions that generate SVG elements and handle user interactions. Input data influences visual updates and event responses.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard, albeit complex, visualization component with extensive DOM manipulation and SVG generation. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network calls are present. All functions perform expected visualization tasks.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with an Immediately Invoked Function Expression (IIFE) setting up module compatibility (CommonJS, AMD, global). It injects styles and defines utility functions for DOM and object manipulation. It includes a large chunk of code for SVG, DOM querying, event handling, and graph layout logic using D3.js. The presence of external dependencies (d3, normalize.css) is typical for such a component. No network calls, data exfiltration, or suspicious behaviors are detected. The code strictly focuses on rendering interactive graphs based on provided data, with user interaction handling for zooming, panning, and node clicking. The structure and functions are consistent with a visualization library. No obfuscated or minified malicious code segments are identified, and no hidden network activity or backdoors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex but legitimate graph visualization component for web applications, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It employs standard libraries and techniques for rendering and interaction, with no suspicious external activity or data leaks observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}