{
  "purpose": "The code appears to initialize and manipulate a graph visualization component, likely for data representation or UI purposes. It includes styling, SVG element creation, and interaction handlers for zoom, pan, and node interactions.",
  "sources": "Reads include DOM elements (document.createElement, querySelector), style injection, and data passed into functions (e.g., c.treeData). No direct external input sources or network calls are visible.",
  "sinks": "Manipulation of DOM elements, appending SVG, paths, and styles. No data leaks, network connections, or system modifications observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (such as c.treeData and style configs) into SVG element creation and manipulation. User interactions trigger functions that modify visual elements but do not process untrusted data from external sources.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious hardcoded URLs. The code heavily utilizes dynamic DOM manipulations, but all seem to relate to rendering a graph. No obfuscated or minified malicious code segments are detected. Usage of external dependencies (d3, normalize.css) is standard for visualization.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured as a module for rendering and interacting with graph data, primarily via SVG and DOM manipulations. It dynamically creates elements, attaches event listeners, and modifies styles for visualization purposes. No network requests, system commands, or unusual data processing are evident. The code’s complexity and size suggest it is a visualization library or component, not malware. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The initial style injection and DOM element creation are typical for UI components. Overall, the code performs expected visualization functions without suspicious side effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex graph visualization component with no apparent malicious behavior or sabotage indicators. It handles rendering, interaction, and styling for graph data, consistent with open-source visualization libraries. No malicious signals such as network exfiltration, system modification, or backdoors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}