{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a JavaScript module for rendering and interacting with a graph or diagram, likely for visualization purposes, utilizing libraries such as D3.js and Svelte components.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from parameters passed into functions, DOM elements via document.createElement, document.head, and document.querySelector, as well as environment variables and internal variables. It also manipulates DOM elements, creates SVG elements, and loads external dependencies like D3.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation (appendChild, setAttribute), SVG rendering, and event handling (click, zoom, drag). It also creates style elements and appends them to document.head. No evidence of untrusted data flow or data leakage beyond normal visualization interactions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into the graph construction functions, then into DOM/SVG elements. Event handlers and transitions handle user interactions. No suspicious or unexpected flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes numerous complex, minified sections, which are typical of production code but can sometimes mask malicious activity. There are no hardcoded credentials, suspicious network requests, or obfuscated code that executes dynamic code. The style insertion is benign. The code contains comments and variable names aligned with visualization logic rather than malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with a UMD pattern for module compatibility, then loads styles and defines numerous utility functions for DOM, SVG, and data manipulation. It integrates external libraries like D3.js and svelte components for graph visualization. Throughout, it handles user interactions like zooming, dragging, and clicking, all typical for a graph visualization library. No suspicious network activity, code injection, or malicious backdoors are evident. The minified segments are part of a comprehensive visualization setup, not obfuscated malicious code. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious payloads are detected. The overall structure and behavior align with standard visualization tools, and no malicious intent is apparent.",
  "conclusion": "The source code functions as a graph visualization component with complex DOM and SVG manipulations, user interaction handling, and dependency loading. There are no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage. The minified parts are consistent with production code, not obfuscated malicious payloads. Overall, it appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}