{
  "purpose": "Provides AngularJS directives and services for UI components based on Bootstrap, including dropdowns, syntax links, tabs, tables, popovers, and foldouts.",
  "sources": "Reads data from DOM elements (e.g., attrs, innerHTML, parent elements), scope variables, and window location. Uses AngularJS bindings and DOM manipulations.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM elements, adds event listeners, modifies innerHTML, CSS styles, and classes. Inserts navigation links and popover elements into the DOM. Uses marked library to parse markdown content.",
  "flows": "User interactions (clicks) trigger DOM event handlers which modify DOM, set classes, or display popovers. Popover content and title are set from element attributes. The code inserts HTML elements (like syntax links and foldouts) based on attribute values.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external connections. Uses standard AngularJS and Bootstrap patterns. Popover content is set with 'marked' (markdown parser) but no suspicious content processing. The 'syntax' directive dynamically creates navigation links based on provided URLs. No obfuscated code or unusual language features detected. The code is primarily UI-related and does not perform network requests outside of fetching foldout content. The 'marked' library is used for markdown parsing, which is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple AngularJS directives for UI components like dropdown toggle, syntax links, tabbed interface, tables, popovers, and foldouts, along with a popover service. Event handlers are used to manage dropdown and popover visibility. DOM manipulations involve adding/removing classes, inserting elements, and handling user interactions. The 'marked' library is configured to parse markdown content. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, malicious network requests, or hidden backdoors. The logic is consistent with typical UI component management and content rendering. No suspicious code paths, hardcoded secrets, or external suspicious connections are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of UI components for AngularJS with no malicious intent. It manages user interface interactions and content rendering securely without suspicious behaviors or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}