{
  "purpose": "This code defines AngularJS directives and a service for UI components such as dropdowns, syntax links, tabs, tables, popovers, and foldouts, primarily for bootstrap-based UI functionalities.",
  "sources": "Input data from attributes (e.g., href links in syntax directive, title/content in popover directive, URL in foldout directive), DOM events (click events), and AngularJS scope/model ($scope, $viewValue).",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulations (insertHTML, add/remove classes), event handlers, and HTTP responses for foldout content.",
  "flows": "User interactions (click events) trigger DOM updates, HTTP requests fetch foldout content, and attribute values generate links or content; scope variables control tab selection and popover content.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code uses standard AngularJS and Bootstrap patterns; marked library is used to parse markdown content without user input. No obfuscated or unusual language features observed. The foldout directive dynamically loads HTML content via HTTP, which could be exploited if the source is malicious, but it is based on user-provided URL attribute.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily implements UI components and interaction handlers using AngularJS directives. The syntax directive generates external links based on attributes, which are safe as long as the attribute URLs are trusted. The popover directive manages show/hide logic for tooltip-like overlays, and the tabbable directive manages tab switching with scope synchronization, all standard patterns. The foldout directive fetches external HTML content using $http.get, which could pose a risk if the URL attribute is malicious or untrusted, potentially leading to content injection if the server supplies malicious HTML. However, the code itself does not perform unsafe eval, code injection, or data exfiltration. No suspicious data leaks, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are present in the static code. The marked library is configured for GFM and tables, which is standard markdown parsing. Overall, the code appears to be a collection of UI components without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is standard AngularJS UI component definitions with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. The only potential security concern relates to the foldout directive's reliance on external URLs for content, which could be exploited if URLs are untrusted. Nonetheless, the code itself does not contain malicious logic. Therefore, malware likelihood is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}