{
  "purpose": "The code implements a CSS preprocessing and utility framework that manipulates CSS rules, variables, and generates embedded images for styling and debugging purposes. It reads external helper CSS files, processes custom at-rules, and creates visual aids like rulers using data URLs.",
  "sources": "Reads external CSS files (reset, normalize, sanitize), processes CSS rules and declarations, and generates images via the PNG class. It also uses regex to replace variables and font sizes within CSS.",
  "sinks": "Modifies CSS rules and declarations, inserts new rules, and embeds images as data URLs. No network or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Sources include external CSS files and variable replacements; flows lead to CSS rule modifications, rule insertions, and embedded images. No external data or network activity is involved.",
  "anomalies": "Uses static embedded SVG icons and data URLs; dynamic content is limited to internal variable replacements and image generation. No obfuscation or suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a CSS utility and preprocessing plugin that reads helper CSS files, processes custom at-rules, replaces variables, and generates images for rulers and overlays. It does not perform network activity, system modifications, or contain obfuscated code. The regex replacements and embedded images are static or controlled, with potential injection risks if user input influences parameters, but no evidence of malicious behavior is observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate CSS utility framework primarily for styling, debugging, and layout management. It shows no signs of malware, backdoors, or obfuscation. The low malware score (0) and obfuscated score (0) are appropriate. The overall security risk is low (~0.2), mainly due to potential injection points if inputs are untrusted, but no active malicious activity is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}