{
  "purpose": "This code defines a TypeORM entity class 'Version' used for tracking version data, including methods to retrieve previous and next versions based on timestamps, and object mapping. It manages version history within a database, supporting version navigation and object retrieval.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from class properties such as 'itemId', 'itemType', 'timestamp', and 'id'. It also accesses the database via ORM methods like 'getRepository().findOne()' and 'find()'. The raw SQL snippets in 'previous()' and 'next()' methods read the 'timestamp' property for date comparisons.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data inputs could come from 'this.timestamp' if it were externally manipulated, but in typical usage, it is a controlled Date object. The raw SQL strings interpolate 'this.timestamp.toISOString()', which could be a sink if 'timestamp' were untrusted, but given the context, this is unlikely. No other sinks such as network or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'timestamp' property into raw SQL queries in 'previous()' and 'next()' methods. These queries are used to filter database records based on date comparisons. The 'itemId', 'itemType', and 'id' properties are used as parameters in ORM queries to fetch specific records.",
  "anomalies": "The only notable aspect is the use of raw SQL with string interpolation involving 'this.timestamp.toISOString()' for date comparisons in SQLite. Since 'timestamp' is a Date object, this is standard practice, not obfuscated or malicious. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard ORM entity class managing version data with methods for retrieving adjacent versions. It uses parameterized ORM queries, reducing injection risk. The raw SQL snippets for SQLite date comparisons are common workarounds and do not introduce malicious behavior. The properties involved are controlled and do not suggest injection or malicious data flow. No signs of malware, backdoors, or obfuscation are detected. The scores assigned in the reports (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: approximately 0.1-0.3) are consistent with the code's benign nature.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard implementation of a version tracking entity using TypeORM. It does not contain malicious logic, backdoors, or obfuscation. The use of raw SQL for date comparisons is a common practice and does not pose a significant security risk given the controlled context. The overall security risk is minimal, and the malware score is correctly set to 0.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}