{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for fetching data via HTTP requests, with error handling and user notifications. It handles JSON and form data, converting objects to appropriate formats, and wraps fetch calls with error management.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from function parameters such as 'url', 'params', and possibly 'form' data objects. Error data can originate from fetch responses or thrown exceptions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include fetch requests and notifications. Fetch requests send data to specified URLs. Notifications display error messages to the user, which could potentially leak information if error messages contain sensitive details.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function parameters into fetch calls or data transformations. Errors from fetch or data parsing flow into catch blocks, which trigger notifications. Notification functions display error messages based on caught exceptions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code or unusual behaviors are detected. The code employs standard fetch and form data handling techniques. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The notification handling is typical for user feedback. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard fetch API wrapped in utility functions to manage JSON and form data requests. Error handling distinguishes between API errors and string errors, displaying notifications accordingly. The functions convert objects to JSON or form data formats correctly and handle responses with appropriate error messages. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors are evident. The code adheres to typical patterns for API interactions with user notifications. The only minor observation is that error messages are directly displayed, but this is standard practice and not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of fetch wrappers with error notifications, utilizing standard patterns. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks within this code snippet. It appears safe and purpose-focused.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}