{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to determine the application name, locate the js-controller directory, and read configuration files for a Node.js application, ultimately exporting certain configuration and adapter modules.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the filesystem (fs.existsSync, fs.readFileSync), process arguments (process.argv), and module resolution (require.resolve).",
  "sinks": "Reading configuration files (potential data exposure if files contain sensitive info), requiring modules dynamically based on resolved paths, and process exit calls.",
  "flows": "The code resolves module paths and reads configuration files based on application context and filesystem state, but does not process untrusted external input directly in a risky manner.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are evident. The code dynamically determines paths and reads configuration files, which is standard. The only minor concern is the use of process.exit in error conditions, which could be disruptive but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script performs standard filesystem checks, module path resolution, and configuration reading. It uses try-catch blocks to handle module resolution errors gracefully. No obfuscated or malicious code segments are detected. The dynamic reading of config files based on application-specific paths appears routine. There are no signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors. The use of process.exit in error scenarios is typical for CLI scripts, not malicious. Overall, the code seems legitimate and intended for configuration management.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical setup script for locating controller directories and reading configuration files. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity. It appears safe and well-structured.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}