{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to calculate spline curve lengths, control points, and points on the spline path, primarily for graphical or geometric computations involving Bezier spline curves.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input parameters such as 'splineControlPoint' and 'points', which are used for calculations, and configuration objects like 'config' for creating spline path functions.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write to external systems, send data over the network, or perform I/O operations. It mainly performs mathematical computations and returns data structures.",
  "flows": "Input points and control points flow into functions for calculating spline control points and points, with the results used internally for further geometric calculations. No external or untrusted data flows to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard mathematical processing for spline curves. There are no signs of obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or hardcoded secrets. No suspicious API calls or network activity are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for spline length approximation, control point calculation, and point interpolation on a spline curve. It uses standard mathematical formulas and functional programming patterns. The 'createFindPointOnSplinePath' function generates a path-finding utility based on configuration, leveraging safe, well-known geometric algorithms. There are no indications of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The code operates purely within mathematical and geometric domains without external side effects.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of spline curve calculations for graphical or geometric purposes. It does not contain malicious behavior or supply chain risks. The code is well-structured and uses common, safe libraries. No malware signals or security threats are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}