{
  "purpose": "The code implements a mathematical function to raise a number to an integer power, similar to bc's raise function, used for arbitrary precision calculations.",
  "sources": "Data sources include the input parameters 'a' and 'b', and the common module functions 'createStringFromInfo', 'createInfoFromArray', 'copyInfo', and constants from the common module.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the use of 'divide_1.default' and 'multiply_1.default' functions, which perform division and multiplication operations on 'info' objects containing numerical data, and could potentially lead to improper data handling if these functions are malicious or flawed.",
  "flows": "Input 'b' is converted to a string and parsed to an integer exponent, then used in arithmetic operations with 'a' to compute power via repeated squaring. Results are returned after scaling adjustments. Data flows from inputs through mathematical operations to the returned result.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior is present. The code performs standard mathematical operations with input validation on exponent scale. The module imports seem straightforward. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or hidden behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs a well-structured implementation of a power function for arbitrary precision numbers, validating the exponent and handling positive/negative cases. It relies on external modules for core arithmetic and info handling, which appear standard. No obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution, and no data exfiltration or malicious behavior are evident. The logic is transparent, and functions used are typical for such mathematical computations.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a mathematical power function for arbitrary precision numbers. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. It functions solely for computational purposes within mathematical or financial calculations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}