{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript parser generator setup using 'jison', likely for parsing a custom language or syntax, possibly related to CozyScript.",
  "sources": "Require statements, regex pattern for function unwrapping, pattern replacements, and the 'exports.parser' initialization. These are mostly static definitions and dependencies.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any obvious data sinks such as network operations, file writes, or system commands. No untrusted data handling or data leaks are apparent.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves defining grammar rules, processing tokens, and creating a parser instance. No source-to-sink data flows or malicious data handling are detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes a regex pattern for unwrapping functions, which could be used to manipulate or evaluate code dynamically. The 'unwrap' regex is used to extract code from functions, and action strings are modified with replacements. However, these are part of the parser generation process and do not inherently imply malicious intent. There are no hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or backdoors. No suspicious or malicious code behavior is detected.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a parser using 'jison' with a specified grammar, operators, and tokens. It replaces parts of action code strings, potentially for code generation flexibility. The 'unwrap' regex is used to extract function bodies, which is a common pattern in code generation tools. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or system modification is present. The code appears to be a legitimate parser generator setup for a custom language or DSL. The absence of data transmission, system commands, or backdoors suggests no malicious activity. The regex and string manipulations are standard in parser generation contexts, not suspicious.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard setup for generating a parser with 'jison' and does not contain any malware or malicious behavior. It is primarily configuration and grammar definition code. No security risks or malicious activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}