{
  "purpose": "This code generates a parser for CozyScript, a custom language, using the jison parser generator. It defines grammar rules, tokens, and operators for parsing CozyScript code.",
  "sources": "The code reads its own text for grammar definitions, tokens, and options during execution. It also requires the 'jison' library, which could be an external dependency.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the dynamic generation of parser rules and actions, which could be exploited if manipulated. However, the code itself does not perform dangerous actions like network access, file manipulation, or system commands.",
  "flows": "The code loads 'jison' module, processes grammar and token definitions, constructs a parser object with specified rules, and exports the parser for use. There is no data flow from external sources to untrusted sinks within this code snippet.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses a regex 'unwrap' to extract function bodies from string actions, which could be misused if malicious input is injected into the 'action' parameters. The pattern replacement and use of 'exec' could be leveraged to execute malicious code if 'action' strings are manipulated externally, but within this context, 'action' is internally defined. The code does not execute any untrusted code directly but does dynamically generate parser actions from regex matches.",
  "analysis": "The script is a code generator for a CozyScript parser, leveraging 'jison'. It replaces parts of grammar rules and actions, constructs tokens and operator precedence, and creates a parser object. The use of regex 'unwrap' to extract code snippets from string actions is notable; however, the source code appears static and controlled, minimizing risk. There are no network operations, file system manipulations, or command executions. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The core logic is straightforward and appears to be an implementation detail of parser generation, with no malicious intent or behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a parser generator setup for CozyScript with no evident malicious behavior or sabotage. The only potential concern is the regex 'unwrap' used to extract function bodies, which could be risky if maliciously supplied input. However, in this static context, it does not pose a security threat. Overall, the script appears safe and purely functional.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}