{
  "purpose": "Initialize a Nunjucks environment with a filesystem loader for the specified path and add custom filters from an external module.",
  "sources": "External 'filters' module ('./filters') providing filter functions.",
  "sinks": "Adding filters to the Nunjucks environment; no direct data sinks or untrusted data handling present.",
  "flows": "Loading filters from external module and registering each filter into the environment.",
  "anomalies": "None detected; code is straightforward and does not contain obfuscation or suspicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a Nunjucks environment with a filesystem loader based on the provided path. It then iterates over the keys of the imported 'filters' object and adds each filter to the environment. There are no untrusted inputs, network calls, or code execution within this snippet. The primary security concern is the external 'filters' module, which could contain malicious filters if compromised, but this is outside the scope of this code. The code itself is standard, clear, and does not exhibit obfuscation or malicious behavior. The malware score is appropriately 0, as no malicious activity is evident. The security risk score is low (~0.1-0.2), mainly due to reliance on external module trust. Confidence in this assessment is high (around 0.9), given the simplicity and clarity of the code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, safe setup for a Nunjucks environment with external filters. There is no malicious or obfuscated code present. The main security consideration is the trustworthiness of the external 'filters' module, which is outside the scope of this snippet. The assigned scores are appropriate and justified, with a malware score of 0, obfuscated score of 0, and a low security risk score (~0.1-0.2). Overall, the code appears secure and well-structured, with the primary concern being external module integrity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}