{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Woopsa server that exposes JavaScript objects and properties over HTTP using Express. It allows for metadata retrieval, reading, writing, and invoking methods on objects via RESTful routes.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include HTTP request parameters (request.params), request body (request.body), and Basic Auth credentials (via 'basic-auth').",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include response.json() and response.end() for sending data, as well as dynamic data handling in handleRequest and adapter functions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from request parameters and body into object retrieval and method calls, then to HTTP responses. Authentication credentials flow from request headers to validation functions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code uses standard libraries and practices for server setup, with no obfuscated code or uncommon language features.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up an HTTP server with Express, exposing routes for Woopsa operations. It processes requests by mapping paths to object properties and methods, with optional Basic Auth authentication. The server handles metadata, read/write, and invoke actions by delegating to adapter functions. There are no signs of data exfiltration, malicious code injection, or covert channels. Error handling is standard, and response headers are correctly set for CORS and JSON content. No external or suspicious network connections are initiated by this code, and no hardcoded credentials or sensitive information are found. Overall, the implementation appears straightforward and secure, with no malware or malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a RESTful server exposing object properties and methods over HTTP, with optional authentication. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or malicious behaviors. The structure and usage follow common best practices. Therefore, the package appears safe based on this analysis.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}