{
  "purpose": "This code provides services for estimating transaction fees and checking balances for Solana and EVM-based networks within a blockchain transaction platform.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include transaction objects, provider responses, chain IDs, and configuration constants. External data sources include blockchain RPC calls for fee estimation and balance checking, as well as transaction data decoded from base64 strings.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include provider methods that return fee estimations and balance info, and the final return objects that may contain error messages or fee calculations. The code also logs information to the console.",
  "flows": "Input data (transactions, balances, quote details) flows into fee estimation functions. These functions call RPC providers, process responses, and output fee estimates, balance sufficiency status, or errors. Data flows from external RPC calls to internal calculations, then to return objects.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code constructs are present. The code contains standard fee estimation and balance checking logic. No hardcoded credentials or secret data are visible. Logging appears standard and non-sensitive.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard transaction fee estimation and balance checks for Solana and EVM networks, relying on RPC calls and configuration constants. It includes fallback mechanisms and error handling. The fee constants and function structures are typical for such applications. No obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious network calls are evident. The only configurable constant, TODO_BRIDGE_FEE, is a fixed value used for fee calculation, with a placeholder comment indicating future improvements. No secret data, credentials, or sensitive info is embedded. All operations appear aligned with expected blockchain fee and balance validation logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, legitimate fee estimation and balance validation module for a blockchain platform. No signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware are present. The logic is straightforward and consistent with typical blockchain application practices.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}