{
  "purpose": "The code appears to initialize a syntax highlighting library for code snippets in web pages, likely for formatting or display purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads DOM elements (e.g., 'pre', 'code', 'xmp') and class attributes; processes embedded source code strings; accesses window and document styles; retrieves class names and inner HTML of elements.",
  "sinks": "Modifies innerHTML of elements; sets attributes; inserts and manipulates DOM nodes; potentially processes user-provided code snippets.",
  "flows": "Sources such as DOM elements and their class names are processed by functions that generate highlighted code snippets, which are then inserted back into the DOM via innerHTML modifications. The code reads source code from DOM, processes it with syntax highlighters, then writes back the highlighted code.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified and obfuscated, making it difficult to interpret directly. It contains comprehensive regex patterns for syntax highlighting across multiple languages, and functions for DOM manipulation and syntax processing. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or network activities are evident. The code disables eslint, possibly to bypass linting restrictions. No network calls, external data leaks, or suspicious behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified syntax highlighting library, likely Prettify or similar, which is commonly used for rendering code snippets on web pages. It defines numerous regex patterns for language constructs, processes DOM elements to identify code blocks, and applies syntax highlighting by inserting decorated source code. The obfuscation level is high but consistent with minified libraries; no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, remote connections, or system modification. The code performs standard DOM manipulations and regex-based syntax processing without any suspicious network or system operations.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a syntax highlighting library, designed to process and decorate code snippets on web pages. It is heavily minified and obfuscated but does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. No malware signals or suspicious data flows are detected. The high obfuscation is typical for minified libraries, and no malicious intent is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}