{
  "purpose": "This code manages WebRTC peer-to-peer connection negotiations, including creation of peer connections, handling ICE candidates, and SDP exchange.",
  "sources": "Reads include required modules ('./util', './adapter') for utilities and WebRTC classes, and various connection parameters such as connection type, peer ID, SDP data, ICE candidates, and configuration options. Data flows primarily through socket messages for ICE candidates, SDP offers/answers, and connection setup.",
  "sinks": "Socket messages sent to peers for ICE candidates ('CANDIDATE'), SDP offers ('OFFER'), and answers ('ANSWER'). These are the primary sinks where untrusted or malicious data could be transmitted or received, although the code appears to handle these data flows appropriately.",
  "flows": "Sources such as ICE candidates, SDP data, and connection parameters flow into WebRTC API calls like setRemoteDescription, createOffer, createAnswer, and addIceCandidate. These flows are primarily for establishing and maintaining peer-to-peer connections via signaling over socket messages.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behavior detected. Code appears standard for WebRTC negotiation with no obfuscated code or suspicious data flows. No signs of malicious privacy violations or unauthorized data leaks. Commented-out code sections and fallback logic indicate compatibility handling but are not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical WebRTC peer connection management, including creating peer connections, setting up event handlers for ICE candidates, data channels, media streams, and SDP exchange. It uses socket messaging to exchange ICE candidates and SDP data with peers, consistent with standard signaling procedures. There are no hidden or suspicious network calls, nor any indication of malicious data exfiltration. All functions appear to serve legitimate connection negotiation purposes. The code handles error cases with logging and error emission. No anomalous or malicious behavior is observed.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of WebRTC peer connection management. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior, and no security risks are evident. It follows typical patterns for connection negotiation and event handling, with no signs of sabotage or privacy violations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}