{
  "purpose": "The code manages WebRTC PeerConnection negotiations, handling signaling, ICE candidate exchange, and connection setup for data and media streams.",
  "sources": "Data is read from event handlers such as 'onicecandidate', 'onnegotiationneeded', 'ondatachannel', 'onaddstream', and function parameters like received SDP and ICE candidates. Also, from configuration options passed during connection setup.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data such as ICE candidates, SDP offers/answers, and signaling messages are sent via 'provider.socket.send'. The code sets remote descriptions and adds ICE candidates to peer connections.",
  "flows": "Data flows from event handlers (sources) to signaling server via 'socket.send' calls (sinks). SDP offers/answers and ICE candidates are generated by the code, then transmitted. Incoming signaling data triggers 'handleSDP' and 'handleCandidate', which set remote descriptions and add ICE candidates to peer connections.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code appears to perform standard WebRTC negotiation procedures without hidden or unusual behaviors. Some commented-out code suggests experimental features but no malicious intent is evident.",
  "analysis": "The script implements standard WebRTC signaling and connection management functions, including creating peer connections, handling ICE candidates, SDP offers/answers, and event listening. No code injections, data leaks, or privacy violations are observable. The socket communication is used for signaling exchange, which is typical. There are no obfuscated sections, hidden backdoors, or suspicious network activities. The code relies on external signaling server communication, which is expected. Overall, it appears to be a typical WebRTC negotiation module with no malicious behaviors identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard WebRTC connection negotiations without any malicious intent. There are no signs of malware, sabotage, or privacy violations. It functions as expected for a signaling and peer connection management module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}