{
  "purpose": "This code manages WebRTC peer connections, including signaling, ICE candidate handling, and connection setup for media and data channels.",
  "sources": "Reads from require modules ('./util', './adapter'), input parameters in function calls (connection, options, receivedSdp, ice), and connection/provider objects for socket communication.",
  "sinks": "Sends signaling data (offers, answers, ICE candidates) via provider.socket.send(), invokes peer connection methods, and modifies connection state.",
  "flows": "Input data (SDP, ICE candidates) flows from signaling messages into setRemoteDescription and addIceCandidate; local creation of offers/answers flows into socket.send for signaling; connection setup and cleanup manage peer connection states.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors identified. The code handles WebRTC connection management with standard methods. The only potentially notable aspect is the use of a custom 'util' module, but no malicious use detected. No obfuscation or suspicious dynamic code appears present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard WebRTC signaling logic: establishing peer connections, handling ICE candidates, creating offers and answers, and managing connection states. The flow of data is typical for a WebRTC negotiation process, with no evidence of data leakage, malicious signaling, or backdoors. It interacts with signaling via socket messages but does not send or receive any data other than standard WebRTC negotiation messages. There is no suspicious or malicious code, such as data exfiltration, system command execution, or network connections to suspicious domains. The code's structure and variables are straightforward, with no anomalies suggesting malware. Use of helper functions and event handlers aligns with common WebRTC implementations.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard WebRTC negotiation module with no detected malicious behavior or security risks. It performs typical signaling tasks, connection setup, and cleanup without suspicious activity. Confidence in the absence of malicious intent is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}