{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for fetching and posting department-related data via HTTP requests, likely part of a larger application managing organizational data.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from APP_CONFIG (serverUrl), user inputs such as 'name' parameter in getDepartments, and function parameters like 'id' and 'content' in other functions.",
  "sinks": "The primary sinks are HTTP requests via axios.get and axios.post, which send data to server endpoints. Data returned from server responses is processed and possibly used elsewhere.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., 'name', 'id', 'content') are used to construct HTTP request URLs. Responses are handled with conditionals checking response status, then data is returned or used to update UI (e.g., Toast).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; usage of dynamic URL parameters appears standard. Toast messages are used for loading indicators. No obfuscated or suspicious code structures are present. No direct malicious code, system data exfiltration, or backdoors are detected. The code structure is typical for an API utility module.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard API calls for organizational data management, with proper handling of response statuses. No suspicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network anomalies, or malicious code is evident. The use of dynamic URLs and parameters is consistent with typical application logic. No hardcoded secrets or unusual code patterns are found. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate, focusing on data fetching and posting within a web application context.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a straightforward utility module for managing department data through HTTP requests, with no malicious intent or security risks detected. It adheres to standard coding practices without signs of sabotage, malware, or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}