{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to fetch and post department-related data from a server API, mainly for administrative or organizational purposes within a web application.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from APP_CONFIG, and makes HTTP requests via axios to server URLs. It also uses the Toast component to display loading indicators.",
  "sinks": "The HTTP requests are potential sinks if data from untrusted sources is used improperly, but in this code, data is primarily generated internally or from known inputs. No direct use of untrusted input in critical operations like eval, script injection, or data leaks observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (like 'name', 'id') into API request URLs. Responses are processed and sometimes returned directly. No suspicious flow from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks identified.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain obfuscated or minified code. Usage of hardcoded URLs in API requests based on configuration is typical; no hardcoded credentials or secrets are evident. Usage of Toast for loading indicators is normal UI behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several asynchronous functions to interact with a backend API for departments and meetings, using axios. The URL concatenations are straightforward, with no dynamic code execution or eval usage. The only potential concern is the use of 'name' parameter in getDepartments without sanitization, but since it is used as a URL parameter, the risk of injection is low. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors are evident. All functions are standard API calls with response handling. No hardcoded secrets, cryptomining activities, or suspicious external connections are present.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a typical API client implementation for department management, with no indicators of malicious behavior or security risks. It interacts with backend endpoints in a standard manner, with no suspicious anomalies detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}