{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for validating inputs using various validation schemes (regex, Zod schemas, functions), and for generating guards and assertions to enforce validation rules in larger systems.",
  "sources": "The code reads input validation rules and input values; specifically, functions like 'safeValidate', 'makeAssertion', 'makeGuard', and 'resolveInputName' access variables and call validation methods. The 'collect' function gathers and remaps these validation rules.",
  "sinks": "The code itself does not invoke any external systems, write files, or send data over networks. It primarily performs validation logic within the system and throws errors on validation failures.",
  "flows": "Validation functions (guards, assertions) receive input data and validation rules; they invoke validation methods like 'test', 'parse', or direct function calls. Failures in validation lead to thrown errors, but no external data transfer occurs.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic validation logic based on the type of input (regex, Zod schema, function). No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are evident. The validation approach is standard, and no obfuscation is present. The naming conventions are typical.",
  "analysis": "The code defines type-checking utilities, validation wrappers, and a collection process that prepares validation guards and assertions. It safely performs validation with try-catch to prevent exceptions from propagating unexpectedly. No external network calls, data leaks, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code appears to be standard validation infrastructure, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. All functions operate within expected boundaries, and no secret or sensitive data handling is evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a validation utility for input checks, with no indication of malicious intent or security risks. It does not perform network operations, system modifications, or data exfiltration. The code is well-structured, and the validation logic appears safe and typical for input validation modules.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}