{
  "purpose": "The source code defines a JavaScript class 'CamundaPlatformCoreSimple' that constructs a simplified deployment of a Camunda 8 cluster on AWS using CDK constructs, ECS Fargate, and related AWS resources.",
  "sources": "The code reads input/data from environment variables, container environment variables, and external registry images; it also reads configuration options passed via constructor properties.",
  "sinks": "The code sets environment variables for containers, creates AWS resources (VPC, ECS cluster, Security Groups, EFS, etc.), and defines logging; no direct data leaks or system commands are executed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor options and environment variables into container environment variables and resource configurations; there are no untrusted data flows leading to sensitive operations or external network activity.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes hardcoded container environment variables with localhost addresses, which is typical for local communication but not inherently suspicious; no hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution detected. The comments and structure are consistent with a CDK application. No unusual or suspicious logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up AWS infrastructure for a Camunda 8 cluster, including VPC, ECS cluster, security groups, EFS, and containers with environment variables. The environment variables mainly configure container settings and point to localhost for internal services, which is standard in single-task deployments. No code injection, data leakage, network communication outside expected AWS endpoints, or malicious operations are identified. The use of environment variables with localhost addresses suggests local container communication, not external data exfiltration. The code does not perform any network requests, file operations, or command executions that could be malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate infrastructure setup for deploying Camunda 8 on AWS ECS Fargate. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. All operations align with standard AWS CDK patterns for containerized deployments. The hardcoded localhost addresses are appropriate for this context and do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}