{
  "purpose": "The source code defines a construct class for deploying a simplified Camunda 8 cluster on AWS ECS Fargate, including setup of network, security, ECS cluster, task definitions, and containers for Zeebe, Operate, Tasklist, and Elasticsearch.",
  "sources": "Input data includes environment variables, container images, security groups, and file system configurations. It reads configuration options and environment variables for container setup.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include environment variables for Java options and exporter URLs, container image registry fetches, and environment variables that configure exporter classes and Elasticsearch URLs. Also, volume configuration for EFS storage and network port mappings.",
  "flows": "Flow from code initialization to setting container environment variables and volume attachments. Container images and environment variables are set directly, and environment variables like 'JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS' and Elasticsearch URLs are used in containers.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. Environment variables and container images are set with static values, but these are typical for deployment configs. The environment variables configure exporter classes and URLs, which are standard but worth noting. No suspicious network activity, code injections, or obfuscated code present.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes AWS infrastructure components for deploying Camunda 8 components on ECS Fargate, with security groups, VPC, EFS, and logging configurations. Containers are configured with static images and environment variables, including exporter settings pointing to localhost for Elasticsearch and other services. No code injection, backdoors, or malicious network activity are detected. The static configuration of URLs and environment variables appears standard for deployment scripts. The code appears to perform infrastructure setup for a Camunda cluster, with logical structure and no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate deployment script for setting up a Camunda 8 environment on AWS ECS Fargate. It uses static container images, environment variables, and AWS infrastructure components as expected. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are detected in this fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}