{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a UMD (Universal Module Definition) pattern for a JavaScript library named 'promise-tools', which provides promise-related utilities such as abort, retry, sleep, and warmAll functions. Its purpose is to export these utilities for use in different JavaScript environments.",
  "sources": "The code reads input/data mainly from its function parameters, environment detection variables (globalThis, window, self, global), and object properties.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are function calls that could handle untrusted data, such as Promise handling, setTimeout, and error handling functions. However, no direct data leak or unsafe operation is evident. There are no network or system access calls present.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves defining utility functions (abort, retry, sleep, warmAll) that operate on promises, with internal handling of errors and timeouts. Data flows from function inputs into promise-based logic, with error handling and control flow for retries and timeouts.",
  "anomalies": "The code is largely standard utility functions with complex, verbose, and minified-like structure. No obvious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are detected. The code is not obfuscated in a malicious sense; it is rather minified or compressed style. There are no suspicious network connections, code injection, or data exfiltration routines.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard promise utilities commonly used for asynchronous control flow. The structure employs a universal module pattern for compatibility across environments. The functions abort, retry, sleep, and warmAll are typical promise helpers. No hardcoded credentials or external network calls are present. The code does not perform any malicious system or privacy-invasive actions. Its complexity seems to stem from minification or bundling, not obfuscation for malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a legitimate set of promise utility functions wrapped in a UMD pattern. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or sabotage characteristics. No security risks or malware indications are identified. The code appears to be a standard, open-source utility library for managing promises.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}