{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a JavaScript module called 'promise-tools' providing various Promise utility functions such as timeout, retry, sleep, and warmAll. It is intended for use as a library to enhance Promise handling capabilities.",
  "sources": "Reads input from global objects like 'this', 'window', 'global', and 'self' during module definition; potential for reading environment variables or global state, but no direct user input sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks like network, file system, or environment variables are evident. The code mainly creates and manages Promise-based utility functions without data leakage or external data transfer.",
  "flows": "The module exports functions that create and manipulate Promise objects. There are no data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks; the functions internally handle Promise resolution, rejection, and timing, but do not process untrusted input.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified and uses advanced JavaScript features (e.g., dynamic prototype assignment, error wrapping) which could be obfuscation attempts, but these are consistent with standard library code. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or system manipulation detected.",
  "analysis": "The script is a minified version of a Promise utility library, providing functions like timeout, retry, sleep, and batch Promise handling. It contains typical boilerplate for module definition across environments (CommonJS, AMD, global). It includes error handling and Promise manipulation but no external data sources, network calls, or environment variable misuse. The code's structure and content align with standard open-source utility libraries, not malicious obfuscation or malware. The only complexity arises from minification and use of advanced features, which do not constitute malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard open-source Promise utility library, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. Its minified state is typical for production distribution but does not hide malicious intent. Overall security risk is low, with no immediate concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}