{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a JavaScript UMD (Universal Module Definition) pattern that defines a module named 'promise-tools' with utility functions related to Promise handling, such as timeout, retry, sleep, and warmAll, intended for use in various JavaScript environments.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from global objects (globalThis, window, self, global), environment variables, and input parameters to functions like t() and n(). It also accesses document and process objects, and reads properties like 'Promise'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include function calls with untrusted input, especially in promise-related functions, though no direct data leakage or system modification appears evident. No network communication, file access, or system modification is directly present.",
  "flows": "The data flows from input parameters and global objects into utility functions for promise timeout, retry, and other promise manipulations, but there is no evidence of untrusted data being used in a harmful way or reaching malicious sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified, making it appear obfuscated. It includes standard polyfills, utility functions, and a pattern for environment-agnostic module definition. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets identified. The minified style is standard for distribution but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a standard library for promise utilities, implementing functions like timeout, retry, sleep, and batch processing with concurrency control. It employs environment detection to support CommonJS, AMD, and global scope. No suspicious or malicious patterns, such as network requests to suspicious domains, system modifications, or covert data exfiltration, are present. The minification and polyfill patterns are typical for open-source libraries. No anomalies or malicious behaviors are detected in the provided fragment.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical open-source promise utility library, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. The minified format is standard for distribution. It appears safe and intended for general Promise management enhancements without security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}