{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a UMD (Universal Module Definition) wrapper for a JavaScript library named 'promise-tools', aimed at providing promise-related utilities, including abort, retry, sleep, and warmAll functions.",
  "sources": "Code reads environment details, global objects, and document elements; reads input data through function parameters and internal variable states.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network communication via Promise-based operations, and possibly modifying global prototypes or objects. However, no explicit network requests or data leaks are observed.",
  "flows": "Code flow involves initialization and setup of promise utilities, with internal functions handling promise behaviors. No data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns detected. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are present. Code relies on standard JavaScript features, and the structure aligns with common UMD pattern. The minified appearance is typical for production libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive, minified JavaScript library designed for promise utilities, wrapped in a UMD pattern for broad compatibility. It includes checks for environment detection and prototype modifications but does not perform any network activity, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. The use of common JavaScript patterns and absence of obfuscated malicious code suggest benign intent. The only potential concern could be prototype modifications, which are a common risk but not inherently malicious here.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard open-source promise utility library with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not contain malware or security risks beyond typical prototype modifications. The risk score is low, and the confidence level is high given the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}