{
  "purpose": "The code implements a high-precision decimal arithmetic library with extensive mathematical functions (exp, ln, sqrt, sin, cos, tan, hyperbolic functions, etc.) and utility functions for data structure transformations (list-tree conversions, node searches, filtering, insertion, removal). It also includes optional cryptographically secure random number generation guarded by configuration flags.",
  "sources": "Inputs are from constructor arguments, function parameters, and configuration objects. Cryptographic functions source entropy from 'crypto' APIs guarded by configuration flags.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include string representations, data structures, or Decimal instances. No external network, file, or system I/O observed. Data flows are internal, from parsing and computation to output.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parsing (strings, numbers, objects) through mathematical and data utility functions, with optional cryptographic entropy sources, to final representations or data structures.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation, hidden backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Usage of cryptography is standard and guarded. No suspicious logic or external communication is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured, comprehensive open-source high-precision decimal library with extensive mathematical functions and data utilities. Cryptography functions are used conditionally, following standard APIs, and do not exhibit malicious behavior. Inputs are parsed from trusted sources, and outputs are local or data structures. No signs of malicious activity, data exfiltration, or sabotage are evident. The code's purpose is legitimate, and its logic is transparent and documented.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, transparent high-precision decimal and data utility library with optional cryptographic features. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The existing malware score of 0, obfuscated score of 0, and risk score of 0.2 are appropriate and consistent with the code content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}