{
  "purpose": "The code provides a JavaScript module for applying a Gaussian-like blur effect to images on HTML canvas elements, and integrates this functionality into a Vue.js component for lazy-loading blurred images.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from image and canvas elements via document.getElementById, image src attributes, and Vue component props such as 'src' and 'placeholder'. It also accesses environment variables indirectly through the Vue props and DOM elements.",
  "sinks": "The code writes image data back to canvas via putImageData, updates DOM element styles and attributes, and loads images based on URLs specified in component props. No direct sinks for untrusted data are present beyond standard image rendering.",
  "flows": "Input flows from image URLs and DOM element references into image processing functions; processed image data flows into canvas and image elements for display; Vue props and data control rendering and processing flow.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The only potentially noteworthy aspect is the inclusion of author contact info and donation links, but these are benign and related to open-source licensing. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or external network connections are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a self-contained image processing module that applies a blur effect using a StackBlur algorithm and integrates as a Vue component for lazy-loading blurred images. It uses standard DOM and Canvas APIs for image handling and Vue.js for reactive display. The functions process image data securely within the browser context, with no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or hidden backdoors. The inclusion of author contact info and donation links are typical for open-source projects. There is no suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or network activity outside image rendering. Overall, the code appears legitimate and safe.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of an image blur effect with Vue.js integration for lazy loading. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain attacks are evident. The code is safe for use, with no security risks identified beyond typical image processing operations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}