{
  "purpose": "The script modifies a package.json file by replacing version specifications of dependencies and devDependencies that match a certain pattern with '*', effectively loosening version constraints.",
  "sources": "Reads data from 'package.json' file via fs.readFileSync and JSON.parse",
  "sinks": "Writes back to 'package.json' file via fs.writeFileSync",
  "flows": "Reads package.json content -> Parses JSON -> Checks each dependency version string against regex -> Replaces matching versions with '*' -> Writes modified JSON back to package.json",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, no unusual code patterns, no hardcoded secrets. The regex used may match certain version strings, but its purpose appears to be benign. The script does not communicate externally or perform malicious actions.",
  "analysis": "The code reads 'package.json' synchronously, parses its content, and iterates over dependencies and devDependencies. It matches version strings against a regex pattern that seems designed to identify specific version formats (e.g., pre-release or alpha/beta versions). Matching versions are replaced with '*', loosening version constraints. The script then overwrites 'package.json' with the modified content. There is no external network activity, no data exfiltration, nor any malicious payload. Its purpose appears to be to normalize or loosen dependency version specifications, which can be risky from a security perspective but does not constitute malware or malicious intent. The code structure is straightforward and does not contain obfuscation or suspicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs a benign file modification task—loosening dependency version constraints in 'package.json'. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. It could pose security risks if used maliciously (e.g., removing version restrictions), but the script itself is not malicious. Overall, it is a non-malicious utility with moderate security implications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 5
}