{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom A-Frame component called 'rounded-box' for creating rounded box geometries in VR scenes, and registers an A-Frame primitive for it.",
  "sources": "The code reads component schema data (width, height, depth, radius, segments) from A-Frame component data and accesses THREE.js classes and methods for geometry creation.",
  "sinks": "The code updates the geometry of a 3D mesh within the A-Frame scene, specifically setting the geometry property of an existing mesh object.",
  "flows": "Component schema data (width, height, depth, radius, segments) flow into geometry creation functions, which generate new BufferGeometry objects that replace the existing geometry of the mesh.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, no suspicious network requests, no use of environment variables, or system commands. The code only manipulates 3D geometry and scene objects. It does not include any obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or external data fetching.",
  "analysis": "The code deletes any existing 'rounded-box' component from AFRAME.components before defining a new one. It registers a new component that initializes a mesh with a BufferGeometry and MeshStandardMaterial. The update function recalculates geometry based on schema data, which could be triggered by scene changes. The primitive registration adds a custom tag for easier usage in HTML. No external network or data access is present. The code uses standard Three.js and A-Frame API calls for geometry creation and scene updates. It appears to be a typical 3D geometry component with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a custom A-Frame component for rounded boxes. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. It only manipulates scene geometry and registers a primitive for scene authoring. There are no suspicious or harmful signals present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}