{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom web component <jcb-norm> that displays a visual norm bar with various configurable properties, including colors, text, and numerical values for thresholds and current value.",
  "sources": "The code reads properties passed to the component, such as domain, norm, value, colors, and text labels. It also accesses static property definitions and internal methods.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily renders HTML with inline styles and does not perform any network communication, file operations, or dynamic code execution. There are no direct sinks for untrusted data leading to data leaks or external actions.",
  "flows": "Input properties flow through calculations (valueToPercentage) to generate style attributes and position elements. The code uses these calculated values to dynamically generate inline styles for the component's visual representation.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses standard JavaScript and lit-html templating; there are no obfuscated parts or unusual language features. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets are present. The only potential concern is reliance on external properties for rendering, but this is standard for web components.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a visual bar with associated labels and a marker indicating a current value, based on supplied properties. It employs common practices for web components and data binding, with no suspicious logic, external network calls, or code execution. The properties are used for display purposes only. The styling and rendering are straightforward. No anomalies or malicious behaviors are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign web component used for visualizing normative data with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It solely renders UI based on provided data without performing external actions or processing sensitive information.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}