{
  "purpose": "The code initializes and configures Prism.js, a syntax highlighting library, including language definitions and utility functions for client-side code highlighting.",
  "sources": "Reads include the initial script environment detection, configuration of Prism, language pattern definitions, and hook registration. Data inputs come from code content to be highlighted.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is innerHTML assignment of highlighted code, which can be unsafe if input is untrusted. Hooks and utility functions process code content before injection.",
  "flows": "Sources (code content) flow through tokenization and highlighting functions, ultimately to innerHTML assignment during highlightElement, potentially exposing XSS if input is malicious.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The code contains only Prism.js language definition setup and utility functions. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code detected. No external network calls or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up Prism.js for syntax highlighting with multiple language definitions, hooks, and utility functions. It uses standard regex patterns for tokenization and normalizes code content for safe rendering. The initial environment detection ensures compatibility across browsers and workers. The highlight functions process code input and inject highlighted code into DOM elements. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. No suspicious network requests or dynamic code execution is present. The code appears to be a legitimate open-source library setup.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical Prism.js setup script with language definitions and utility functions. It does not contain any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The use of innerHTML for code injection is standard for syntax highlighters but should be used with trusted input to prevent XSS. Overall, this code appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}