{
  "purpose": "This code initializes and configures the Prism syntax highlighting library for various languages, including markup, CSS, C-like languages, and JavaScript.",
  "sources": "The code reads the global 'window' or 'self' object, script src attribute, and DOM elements for <script> tags and <code> elements with language classes.",
  "sinks": "InnerHTML assignments for highlighted code, script tag manipulations, and hook executions that modify DOM elements with highlighted code.",
  "flows": "Input data (code content) flows from source variables into the 'highlight' and 'tokenize' functions, then into 'encode' functions, with final output inserted into DOM via innerHTML. Also, message passing with Web Workers involves code and language info.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. The code appears to be a standard Prism setup with common language definitions and hook usage. No obfuscated code, eval, or dynamic execution found. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration mechanisms evident.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up Prism for syntax highlighting, including language definitions for markup, CSS, C-like, and JavaScript. It uses hooks to modify attributes and wrap elements, which is standard. The code checks for worker support and sets up message passing for parallel highlighting, which is typical. No signs of malicious intent such as data theft, system manipulation, or external communication. The code structure and patterns align with documented Prism implementations. No anomalies like hardcoded secrets or obfuscated segments. Overall, the code functions as a syntax highlighter library with no malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a typical Prism.js library setup for syntax highlighting, with no evidence of malicious activity or sabotage. It performs standard operations for highlighting code snippets in web pages. The security risk is minimal, and no malware indications are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}