{
  "purpose": "This code defines a module for generating QR codes, including rendering them as SVG, table, ASCII, or Data URLs. It provides an API to create and manipulate QR codes, likely intended for inclusion in web applications.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters such as text, images, or configuration objects; accesses global variables and possibly environment variables during module loading; utilizes input elements or data URLs for rendering images.",
  "sinks": "Generates image data URLs and inserts SVG/HTML elements into the DOM; calls image loading functions; writes pixel data to Canvas contexts.",
  "flows": "Input data (text, images, config) flows through various encoding and rendering functions, ultimately producing image URLs or DOM elements; no evidence of data flow to external networks or leaks outside QR code generation.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive minified code with unusual variable names, but no evidence of obfuscation, malicious code, or hidden backdoors. The minified content is consistent with standard library minification. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network calls, or system manipulations are detected.",
  "analysis": "The initial part sets up module exporting compatible with CommonJS, AMD, or global window. It includes a large block of minified code, which appears to be a QR code generation library, including pattern detection, error correction, and rendering functions. The code defines functions for encoding input data into QR code modules, rendering SVG, table, ASCII, and Data URL representations. The code handles image loading and drawing on Canvas elements. There are no network requests, system modifications, or any code indicating malicious behavior. The minified code is a typical external QR code library, not malicious in intent. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, open-source QR code library with no signs of malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a minified QR code generation library with a typical structure. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The code appears safe and intended for standard QR code rendering purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}