{
  "purpose": "This code defines a QR code generator library that provides functions to create QR codes in various formats (table, SVG, Data URL, image, ASCII) with customizable options such as error correction level, size, and embedded images or labels.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters, external DOM elements (div or canvas), and optional embedded image URLs; also reads configuration options like size, error correction level, and labels.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of canvas and image elements for rendering QR codes and the creation of data URLs for images, which could be exploited if malicious input is injected as configuration or image URLs.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input such as user-provided data for QR code content and image URLs flows into the functions that generate the QR code images, which are then rendered onto canvas or exported as data URLs, potentially leaking data if malicious input is used.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or minified code is detected; the code is complex but structured, with typical QR code generation logic. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The inclusion of a source map comment indicates standard library distribution. There are no suspicious network calls or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a QR code generator, supporting multiple output formats and customization options. It reads data from input parameters and configuration objects, renders QR codes onto DOM elements or generates data URLs, and includes functions for error correction and pattern placement. The presence of extensive QR code logic and the mapping of configuration options are typical for such libraries. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections, or backdoors. The code’s complexity and detailed comments suggest it is a legitimate open-source utility.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate QR code generator library with no indications of malicious behavior. It reads input data, generates QR codes, and outputs images or HTML elements. No suspicious activities or malicious behaviors are detected. It appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}