{
  "purpose": "This code defines a QR code generation library with various customization options, including rendering modes and error correction levels, intended for creating QR codes in web environments.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters, configuration objects, and DOM elements such as divs and canvases provided by the user. It also accesses image URLs and configuration options for QR code generation.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with the DOM (appending canvases or images), uses Canvas API to render images or QR codes, and generates data URLs for images. It also reads string data and environment variables related to environment setup.",
  "flows": "Input data from user-provided strings or objects flows into QR code generation functions, which then render QR codes on DOM elements or generate data URLs. Data URLs or images are returned or embedded into the DOM, completing the flow.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex, heavily minified structure which can obscure malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are evident. No suspicious network calls, file system access, or reverse shell code is present. The code appears to be a standard open-source QR code generator with comprehensive options.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a minified, comprehensive QR code generation library. It contains functions for creating QR codes with multiple modes, including drawing on canvas or generating data URLs. The structure is complex but typical of a minified library. It does not include suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. No evidence of malicious behavior, such as connecting to external domains or executing arbitrary code, is found. The code relies on safe JavaScript APIs, and third-party dependencies are not suspicious.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a minified QR code generation library with no apparent malicious behavior. It is a legitimate open-source utility used for creating QR codes in web applications. No malicious signals, backdoors, or malware behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}