{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a QR code generation library, providing functions to create QR codes in various formats such as SVG, HTML table, and Data URL. It is designed for rendering QR codes on web pages or canvas elements.",
  "sources": "Sources of data include input parameters to functions like generate(), addData(), and configuration objects for rendering styles and data to be encoded. These inputs are user-provided or external data passed to the library functions.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include rendering functions like fillRect, fillText, drawImage, and setting innerHTML or src attributes with generated data URLs or SVG/XML strings. These are places where untrusted data could affect the DOM or cause code execution if improperly handled, but here are used only for visual output.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-provided inputs (e.g., text to encode, rendering options) into functions that generate QR code representations, which are then rendered onto canvas or DOM elements for display. There is no evidence of data being sent over the network or written to the filesystem.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs are evident. The code contains standard QR code generation logic, pattern functions, and rendering routines. No obfuscated or misleading variables are present. The presence of source maps and minified code is typical for distribution libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard open-source QR code generator, likely from the 'qrcode' npm package. It includes functions for pattern generation, error correction, and rendering in multiple formats. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, system file manipulation, or hidden backdoors. The code uses well-known algorithms for QR code creation and rendering. The source map comment and minified code structure indicate typical production distribution, not obfuscation. Inputs are passed directly to rendering functions without any network transmission or environment variable usage. The functions focus solely on encoding data into QR codes and rendering them visually.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate QR code generation library with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It operates purely as a client-side rendering utility, with no evidence of malware, data exfiltration, or sabotage. It is safe to use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}