{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for encoding and decoding JSON data, specifically for maps with string, int, and custom pair keys, and tests for JSON round-trip integrity using Jest.",
  "sources": "The code reads JSON input for decoding functions, particularly in JSON.parse calls within test cases. It also reads data from imported modules such as @glennsl/rescript-jest, rescript libraries, and local modules Aeson_decode and Aeson_encode.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the decode functions that process JSON data and the encode functions that produce JSON output. These are generally safe but could be exploited if untrusted input leads to malformed data handling or if the decode functions do not validate data thoroughly.",
  "flows": "JSON data flows from external sources (via JSON.parse in tests) into decode functions, then possibly through wrapResult or beltMap functions, and finally back into JSON format via encode functions for round-trip testing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code structure is straightforward with no use of dynamic code execution, eval, or misleading variable names. Error handling properly catches and reports decode errors. No obfuscation or malicious code is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines functions for encoding and decoding JSON maps with various key types, along with test cases to verify correctness of serialization and deserialization. It uses try-catch blocks for error handling during decoding, and relies on well-known modules like @glennsl/rescript-jest for testing. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious behaviors are observed. The code appears to be standard, safe test and utility code for JSON serialization of map structures, with proper error handling and no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, non-malicious implementation of JSON encoding/decoding and testing for specific data structures. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are evident. The code functions as intended for safe data serialization with appropriate error handling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}