{
  "purpose": "The source code defines a React component named TimeMarker used to display a time marker and info box in a chart visualization, with configurable formatting and styles.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from props such as 'time', 'infoValues', 'timeFormat', 'width', and 'height'. It also imports external libraries and modules, notably 'underscore', 'moment', 'react', and 'd3-time-format'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include rendering DOM elements (SVG lines and text) based on props, which is typical for React components. No direct data leakage or unsafe output is apparent. The code does not execute untrusted input as code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props (such as 'time' and 'infoValues') into formatting functions and rendering functions to produce SVG elements. Formatting functions handle different 'timeFormat' values, including custom functions or strings, and produce text elements for display.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code uses standard React and JavaScript features for UI rendering. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present. The only noteworthy aspect is flexible 'timeFormat' handling, which is normal.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard libraries and defines a React component with clear, documented functions for rendering a time marker and info box. It uses props to customize display, formatting, and positioning. The component safely renders SVG elements based on props, with no indication of malicious behavior. There are no suspicious network calls, code injection, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The logic primarily concerns UI rendering and formatting.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign React component used for visualizing a time marker in a chart. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The implementation follows common patterns for React components, with no suspicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}