{
  "purpose": "This code implements a redux-undo higher-order reducer that manages undo/redo history for state management in Redux applications.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function arguments (state, action), configuration options, and imported modules ('./debug', './actions', './helpers').",
  "sinks": "Uses imported debug logging functions and constructs new history states; no sinks directly leak data or execute untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from arguments into history creation, action handling, and history manipulation functions. The reducer processes actions to modify history states, and debug functions are called for logging.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network calls, or backdoors. The code appears to perform standard undo/redo logic. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present. Importing debugging functions does not introduce malicious behavior; they are used for logging.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions to create and manipulate undo history states, with configurations for limits, filters, and grouping. The main reducer function handles various action types related to undo, redo, jump, and clear history, modifying the history object accordingly. It uses imported modules for debugging and state helpers, but there are no indications of malicious intent or malicious data handling. The code relies on external modules, but their use appears standard and related to debugging and state management. No suspicious data leaks, external network activity, or malicious code injection is present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of a redux undo reducer with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not perform any network operations, data exfiltration, or backdoor activities. It is safe in the context of supply chain security, assuming the imported modules are legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}