{
  "purpose": "Configure a Webpack development server with dynamic host and port detection, including plugin setup for development convenience.",
  "sources": "Network interfaces via os.networkInterfaces(), environment variables, require() modules, user input via portfinder.",
  "sinks": "Port assignment influences network accessibility; plugin configurations impact build process; no untrusted data sinks identified.",
  "flows": "Network interface data → host determination; portfinder → port assignment; plugin setup → dev server behavior.",
  "anomalies": "None detected; code follows standard practices; no hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or suspicious network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical Webpack dev server configuration script. It dynamically detects network interfaces to set the host IP, assigns a free port using portfinder, and configures plugins like HtmlWebpackPlugin and FriendlyErrorsPlugin. No malicious patterns, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities are present. The network interface detection is standard for local development environments. The plugin setup is conventional and safe. The code's structure is clear, and all dependencies are well-known modules. The security risk is minimal, primarily due to the dynamic network detection, which is common in development setups but could theoretically be exploited if environment is compromised. However, in this context, it remains benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, standard Webpack development configuration with no malicious intent or security issues. The scores from the reports are appropriate; malware and obfuscation are correctly identified as absent. The slight elevation in security risk scores (0.2) reflects cautiousness about dynamic network detection but is justified given the context. Overall, the code poses no security threat and is suitable for development environments.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}