{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript module for template rendering, supporting features like partials, extends, blocks, streams, and helpers. It manages templates and dependencies for server-side rendering tasks.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from external inputs such as template names, file paths, and rendering data objects. It also reads environment-like variables for module system detection and function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data could flow into template functions, which may lead to code injection if not properly escaped. The code includes HTML escaping functions to prevent injection attacks during rendering. No other external sinks such as network connections or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from template names and parameters (sources) through rendering functions into output strings (sinks). Helper functions and partials influence these flows, but escape functions mitigate injection risks.",
  "anomalies": "The code is highly complex, with many nested asynchronous patterns, generator functions, and promise manipulations. It includes functions for stream handling and deferred promises, but no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are evident. There are no obfuscation signs like minified code or misleading variable names; code structure is consistent with a library implementation.",
  "analysis": "The module is designed for template rendering, with functions for handling partials, extensions, blocks, streams, and helpers. It manages promises and asynchronous flows safely, with escape functions for HTML to prevent injection. No code patterns suggest malicious intent, reverse shell, network leaks, or data exfiltration. The code's complexity and asynchronous handling could obscure malicious payloads, but a thorough review shows only template rendering logic. No suspicious external network calls or system modifications are detected. The module appears legitimate, intended for server-side template processing, with appropriate security considerations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a sophisticated template rendering library that handles dynamic content safely with escaping functions. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It appears to be a legitimate, well-structured open-source utility. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}