{
  "purpose": "This code provides React components for AR buttons, model viewers, carousels, and images used in a web application, primarily for displaying 3D models and AR content.",
  "sources": "Code reads external libraries such as @babel/runtime helpers, React, is_js, react-bootstrap, and react-shadow. It also processes props for user interactions, such as clicks and hover states, and accesses window.location for URL manipulations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM elements (like <a> tags and buttons), React component renderings, and modifications to window.location (for Android AR fallback). These could lead to data leaks or trigger unintended navigation if manipulated with untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and external URL data into DOM elements and React components. Specifically, URL manipulations (e.g., window.location.hash) are used for Android AR fallback, and props like glb, usdz are used in model viewer components. User interactions (clicks, hover) can trigger functions that modify state or navigation.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically constructs URLs with encodeURIComponent for AR fallback links, which is standard. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are evident. No unusual or obfuscated code patterns. No signs of backdoors or malicious code insertion. The code mainly imports external libraries and renders AR/model viewer components.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a React-based UI component library for AR and 3D model viewing. It imports standard helper modules, handles user interactions, and renders components accordingly. There is URL manipulation for Android AR fallback with URL encoding, which is a typical pattern. No evidence of data exfiltration, malicious network connections, or sabotage. The use of window.location.hash for AR fallback URLs could potentially be manipulated, but it is a standard implementation for this purpose. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are detected. The presence of external library dependencies appears standard and safe, assuming their integrity is verified.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard React component library for AR features and 3D model viewing. No malicious behavior or sabotage is detected. It uses common patterns for AR URL handling and user interaction. No security risks or malware signals are present in this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}