{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions to parse, manipulate, and scale SVG images, including path transformations and attribute modifications, primarily for graphics rendering or editing purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input SVG strings, parses them into data structures, and processes them through various functions including SVG node creation, path scaling, and attribute handling.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs transformed SVG strings. No direct data leaks or insecure data handling mechanisms are present. There are no suspicious network requests, file operations, or data exfiltration points identified.",
  "flows": "Input SVG string → parsing functions (parseInput, removeDoctype, wrapInput) → transformation functions (scale, scalePath, svgson) → output string via stringify. No external data or untrusted sources are actively read or written beyond processing the SVG data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscated code detected. The code is complex but appears to be a standard SVG parsing and transformation library with extensive utility functions. No suspicious network calls, hidden code, or privacy leaks are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code performs SVG parsing, node creation, attribute handling, and path scaling. It uses third-party utility libraries (e.g., lodash, EventEmitter) and custom functions. The logic centers around SVG manipulation without external data fetching or system modifications. The absence of network requests, file system access, or environment variable usage reduces the risk of supply chain or runtime malicious activity. All functions and data flows appear dedicated to SVG processing. The code structure is complex but appears legitimate and standard for such tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a sophisticated SVG manipulation library without malicious intent or sabotage. It focuses on parsing, transforming, and generating SVG content. No signs of malware or security risks are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}