{
  "purpose": "The code is a Grunt configuration file for automating AWS-related deployment tasks, including S3 uploads, CloudFront invalidations, and SNS notifications.",
  "sources": "The code reads AWS credentials from 'aws-credentials.json' via grunt.file.readJSON, and uses these credentials for AWS SDK tasks. It also uses hardcoded strings for bucket names, distribution IDs, regions, targets, messages, and subjects.",
  "sinks": "The AWS SDK functions for S3, CloudFront, and SNS utilize the credentials and parameters, which could lead to unauthorized actions if credentials are compromised or misused.",
  "flows": "Credentials are loaded from 'aws-credentials.json' and injected into AWS SDK calls. These credentials are used in subsequent AWS service operations, potentially leading to resource access or modification.",
  "anomalies": "No malicious or suspicious code behavior is evident. The code follows standard configuration practices for Grunt and AWS SDK usage. The credentials are stored externally in a JSON file, which is common but should be protected.",
  "analysis": "The script loads AWS credentials securely from an external JSON file, minimizing hardcoded secrets within the code. It configures tasks for S3 uploads, CloudFront invalidation, and SNS messaging, all of which use the credentials dynamically injected via template variables. The code structure is standard for Grunt tasks. There are no signs of malicious code, such as data exfiltration, system modification, or malicious network activity. The only potential security concern is the handling of credentials; if 'aws-credentials.json' is compromised, malicious actions could be performed. However, this is typical for deployment scripts and not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard deployment configuration for AWS services using Grunt. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. The main security consideration is ensuring that 'aws-credentials.json' is securely stored and protected from unauthorized access. Overall, the code appears legitimate and not malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}