{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a set of functions for calculating various character attributes and combat stats for a game, based on equipment, kungfu, and other parameters.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules ('./gs' and '../assets/data/enchants.json') and accesses properties within provided 'equips' and 'kungfu' objects. It also reads constants and predefined data structures within the script.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data are present. The code primarily performs calculations and returns numeric or formatted string values without executing external commands, code evaluation, or network operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'equips' and 'kungfu' input objects through various getPrimaryAttribute and calculation functions, culminating in the return of computed attribute values. There are no apparent source-to-sink data flows involving untrusted inputs affecting external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code is highly structured with descriptive comments and straightforward calculations. There are no unusual or misleading variable names, no code that evaluates or executes strings dynamically, and no hardcoded secrets or credentials. Constants and data are used for game mechanics calculations. The code relies on imported data but does not perform suspicious operations.",
  "analysis": "The script is dedicated to computing game character stats based on input equipment and kungfu data, using predefined constants and lookup tables. It employs clear, domain-specific calculations without dynamic code execution or external communications. There are no indicators of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, network connections, or backdoors. The calculations appear to be legitimate game mechanics implementations. No obfuscation, minification, or dynamic code evaluation is present. The data handling is straightforward and confined within predictable boundaries.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a set of stat calculators for a game, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not contain malware, suspicious data flows, or hidden operations. It appears to be a legitimate part of a game or character management system with no security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}