{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a minified JavaScript library or framework related to SVG manipulation, rendering, and animation, possibly for creating complex graphical interfaces or visual effects.",
  "sources": "Data reads occur from document elements, attribute values, and potentially user input through DOM methods such as getAttribute, getElementById, and document.querySelector. Environment variables are accessed indirectly via standard window and document objects.",
  "sinks": "Potential sink points include attribute setting (setAttribute), innerHTML, textContent modifications, and network URL generation (url(#...)). No evidence of direct data leakage or network transmissions is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from DOM attribute reading (sources) into internal data structures and transformations, then back into DOM elements via attribute modifications. No indication of untrusted data influencing sensitive sinks beyond graphical manipulations.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified, which is typical for library code, not obfuscated malicious code. There are complex, nested function definitions, many unused or auxiliary functions, and extensive SVG path handling, which could be suspicious if used for covert data exfiltration, but no such behavior is evident. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network connections are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a minified library for SVG and DOM element manipulation, including shape creation, animation, transformations, and event handling. The structure is consistent with a graphics library, not malicious payloads. No suspicious network requests, data leaks, or covert channels are evident. The minification is standard for distribution. The complex function chains and dynamic attribute handling are typical for such libraries. No signs of malware or sabotage are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a minified SVG/graphics library with complex functionality for rendering and animation. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are observed within this code snippet. The complexity and minification are consistent with standard library code and do not indicate obfuscation or malware. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}