{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to generate procedural sound effects, encode them as WAV audio data, and output as a base64 string, primarily for use in web applications or modules.",
  "sources": "Inputs are taken from the 'values' array passed to setSettings() method and the 'settings' object used to configure the synthesizer. Data flows include setting parameters, processing audio waveforms, and encoding output.",
  "sinks": "The code writes audio data to a Uint8Array buffer and returns a base64-encoded string, which could be used to embed audio data into webpages. No external data sinks or network connections are present.",
  "flows": "Settings array flows into setSettings() which initializes parameters. synthWave() generates wave samples from these parameters, and the final base64 string is output as a data URI. Data flows from parameters through waveform synthesis into the output string.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors observed. The code strictly performs procedural audio synthesis and data encoding. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activity are present. No obfuscation or misleading code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for parameter management and waveform synthesis, with methods to set parameters, generate waveforms, and encode output. It uses standard JavaScript features and mathematical operations to generate procedural audio signals. The base64 encoding of WAV data is performed at the end. No network operations, external data access, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The logic is transparent and consistent with typical sound synthesis code, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a legitimate procedural sound effect generator with no malicious behavior or security risks. It handles audio data entirely locally, performs standard encoding, and exposes functions for use in applications. No malware signals or security concerns identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}