{
  "purpose": "The code acts as a wrapper around the 'poloniex.js' API library to facilitate trading operations such as fetching tickers, balances, open orders, and executing buy, sell, or cancel orders on the Poloniex exchange.",
  "sources": "Environment variables POLONIEX_API_KEY and POLONIEX_API_SECRET for API credentials; input parameters for functions such as currency pairs, rate, amount, and order numbers.",
  "sinks": "API methods that send data to Poloniex exchange, e.g., sell(), buy(), cancel(). Also, returns data via Promise resolution which may expose sensitive information.",
  "flows": "Credentials are read from environment variables; functions invoke API methods with input parameters, returning Promises that resolve with data or reject on errors; sensitive data flows from environment variables into API client initialization, and trade parameters flow into API calls.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code structures or misleading variable names; all functions follow a consistent pattern. The code does not contain any hardcoded credentials or suspicious obfuscation. No data exfiltration or hidden backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code securely manages API credentials via environment variables, which is a standard practice. It wraps API calls in Promises for asynchronous handling. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, unauthorized access, or manipulation. The functions are straightforward wrappers around the Poloniex API, with no suspicious logic or dynamic code execution. The use of Promise wrappers over callback-based API functions is standard and safe. All data flows and sources appear legitimate, with no anomalies indicating malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, legitimate API wrapper for Poloniex exchange operations. It securely handles API credentials via environment variables and does not include any malicious or suspicious code. No indicators of malware or malicious behavior are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}