{
  "purpose": "The code provides a wrapper for interacting with the Poloniex cryptocurrency exchange API, enabling fetching market data, account balances, and placing or canceling orders.",
  "sources": "Environment variables POLONIEX_API_KEY and POLONIEX_API_SECRET for API credentials; data received from Poloniex API functions such as returnTicker, returnBalances, returnCompleteBalances, returnOpenOrders, returnAllOpenOrders, sell, buy, cancel.",
  "sinks": "API functions that send data or commands to Poloniex (e.g., sell, buy, cancel); potentially sensitive data flows from environment variables and user inputs into these functions.",
  "flows": "Credentials from environment variables are used to initialize the poloniex object; user calls trigger API requests via functions like sell/buy, which pass parameters to Poloniex API; responses are handled via promises resolving with data or rejecting on errors.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code, obfuscation, or hardcoded credentials present. All API interactions are straightforward. No suspicious logic or hidden behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes API credentials from environment variables, then exposes a set of functions that wrap Poloniex API calls within Promises for asynchronous handling. All interactions are standard API wrappers, with no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or unusual behaviors. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious network activity are evident. The code's purpose appears to be legitimate API interaction with a known exchange. It relies on the external 'poloniex.js' library, which appears to be a standard dependency.\n\nNo malicious intent or suspicious anomalies detected. The code is well-structured, and the API calls are typical for a trading bot or exchange client. No signs of malware, backdoors, or supply chain attacks are present.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard API wrapper for Poloniex with no malicious behavior or security risks detected. It securely uses environment variables for credentials and handles API responses appropriately. The code appears safe, with no indicators of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}