{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes and functions for managing HTTP headers in a case-insensitive, multi-value map structure, primarily to facilitate handling of headers in a network or web application environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters such as header names, header values, and raw header objects (riffHeaders). It also reads existing header objects when constructing new headers.",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly write data to external systems, network, or files. It transforms header data internally for further use, such as serializing headers into a raw object format.",
  "flows": "Input data (header names and values) are processed and stored in internal Maps. The toRiffHeaders() method converts the internal header representation back into an external object format for output or transmission.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic property names, internal symbols for private properties, and allows flexible header value handling, but no suspicious patterns such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or covert behaviors are evident. There is no obfuscated or suspicious dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a clean, structured way to manage HTTP headers with support for cloning, adding, replacing, and retrieving header values. It uses symbols for private properties and normalizes header names for case insensitivity. No external network or system calls are present. It relies solely on standard data structures (Map) and standard methods for data transformation. No malicious or maliciously intended behavior is apparent. The code appears to be safe and intended for legitimate header management.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward implementation of a header management utility with no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. It handles headers securely and in accordance with expected patterns. No security risks or suspicious anomalies are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}