{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript class 'CamundaPlatformCoreFargate' for deploying a Camunda 8 cluster with various services on AWS ECS Fargate, including Zeebe, Operate, Tasklist, and Elasticsearch, with associated network and security configurations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from environment variables, configuration objects, and input parameters when creating AWS resources, such as security groups, ECS services, task definitions, load balancer listeners, and environment variables for containers.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network connections to external services (Elasticsearch, Zeebe gateway, etc.), log groups, and security group rules allowing inbound/outbound traffic on specific ports. Environment variables are set with URLs referencing service DNS names, but no direct untrusted input is used in a malicious manner.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and environment variables to resource configurations and environment variable setups within containers. No evidence of data leakage or malicious data exfiltration paths is found.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. All external URLs are standard AWS or ElasticSearch endpoints, with no suspicious domains. The code is well-structured and does not use obfuscation or dynamic code execution. No unusual or misleading variable names or signals of sabotage are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs AWS resources such as VPC, ECS clusters, Security Groups, Load Balancers, and ECS services for various Camunda components. Environment variables set container parameters, URLs, and ports in a manner consistent with deploying a secure cluster. All security group rules permit necessary inbound traffic. No hardcoded credentials or sensitive data are present. The resource creation, environment setup, and network configurations appear standard for an AWS deployment pipeline. The code's structure and logic are clear and aligned with expected AWS CDK patterns. No suspicious behaviors, malicious network connections, or data leaks are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate AWS infrastructure deployment for a Camunda 8 cluster, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is well-structured, with no hardcoded secrets, suspicious external connections, or backdoors. It does not exhibit obfuscation or malware indicators.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}