{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript class 'CamundaPlatformCoreFargate' which constructs an AWS infrastructure setup for deploying a Camunda 8 cluster using AWS ECS Fargate, including services like Zeebe, Operate, Tasklist, and Elasticsearch, with associated networking, security, and load balancing.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options, environment variables, and external registry images for container images, as well as data from environment variables and parameters for security groups, VPCs, subnets, and service discovery.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include environment variables and container environment configurations, but no direct data leaks or external network connections are evident. No code writes to external networks or files explicitly.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves initializing properties, creating AWS resources, configuring services and security groups, and linking containers with environment variables and load balancer target groups. No suspicious data flows or external data exfiltration pathways are apparent.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are observed. The code performs standard infrastructure setup tasks. No obfuscated or minified code, nor dynamic code execution, is present.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a cloud infrastructure for deploying a Camunda cluster on AWS ECS Fargate. It uses environment variables and registry images for containers, and creates security groups, load balancers, VPCs, and service discovery options. No suspicious code patterns, such as network connections to unknown domains, data exfiltration, or backdoors, are detected. All configurations appear standard and aligned with typical AWS CDK constructs. The use of external registry images is legitimate for deploying containerized services. No signs of malicious behavior or sabotage are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard AWS infrastructure setup for deploying Camunda services, with no indicators of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. It mainly defines resource configurations for cloud deployment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}