{
  "purpose": "The code defines media type parsing, handling, and matching functions, along with utilities for content negotiation based on HTTP headers.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from string inputs (e.g., paths, header strings), environment variables, and parameters passed to functions such as media types and accept headers.",
  "sinks": "The code processes data to generate strings representing media types, content negotiation results, or parameters. There are no direct sinks that send data over the network or write to files.",
  "flows": "Input strings (paths, headers) flow through parsing functions to produce media type objects; accept headers are parsed and matched against candidate media types; functions compute qualities, priorities, and selections based on parameters and types.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no backdoors or hidden malicious code detected. The code is heavily focused on parsing and matching media types, which is standard. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility functions for handling media types, including parsing, normalizing, matching, and selecting based on qualities and parameters. The parsing uses regex and structured functions, adhering to HTTP standards. The functions for accept headers and media types are standard implementations with no signs of malicious behavior. The code appears to be a legitimate media negotiation utility library. No external network calls, data leaks, or hidden functions are present. There are no anomalies indicating sabotage, backdoors, or malware. The code is well-structured and focused solely on content type parsing and selection.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, well-implemented media type and content negotiation utility module. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage indicators. No security risks or malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}