{
  "purpose": "This source code provides functions and types for parsing, handling, and matching media types (MIME types) in HTTP headers and related contexts. It includes utilities for interpreting accept headers, media type normalization, and type inference.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters, imported modules, and data passed into functions such as parsing strings, objects, and buffers.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include processing untrusted media type strings, parsing accept headers, and matching parameters which could be exploited if input is malicious. The code does not directly execute untrusted code or write to system files, but parsing and handling of input could be misused if not properly validated.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external inputs (strings, objects) through parsing functions (e.g., mediaType.parse, accept.parse), into logic that matches, infers, or formats media types. Potential source-to-sink paths involve parsing untrusted media type strings and subsequently using the parsed data in matching or formatting functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code uses standard parsing techniques, relies on external libraries, and has no obfuscated or malicious-looking constructs. No unusual behaviors or secret manipulations are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of media type parsing, normalization, and matching functions. It includes MIME type lookup, subtype expansion, parameter parsing, and accept header processing. The functions perform standard operations, and imported modules are typical for parsing and text handling. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or reverse shell activities. The logic is purely about handling media type data, with no indications of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard media type utility library with no malicious intent or suspicious behaviors. It functions as intended for parsing and handling HTTP media types and accept headers. No security risks or malware indications are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}