{
  "purpose": "This code defines an Animation class for managing animated transitions, emitting events during animation lifecycle (start, run, stop, end). It appears to be part of a UI or visualization library.",
  "sources": "Input data may originate from external configuration passed to the constructor (cfg). It reads timing and easing parameters; however, it does not directly read untrusted external data at runtime beyond initial config.",
  "sinks": "The code emits events ('start', 'run', 'stop', 'end') that could potentially be listened to by other components. It does not include network calls, file system access, or environment variable usage within the provided scope.",
  "flows": "Configuration data flows from constructor input to internal properties. The animation timing and progress calculations depend on Date.now() and configuration. Event emission is a sink for external event listeners. No external data flows into the code during execution beyond initial config.",
  "anomalies": "The code is standard implementation of an animation loop; no suspicious or unusual code patterns, no hardcoded secrets or credentials, no obfuscated code, and no dynamic code execution detected. It uses common libraries and patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an Animation class extending EventEmitter. It initializes with a config object, merging default parameters. The 'run' method starts an animation, calculating progress based on Date.now() and easing functions, and emits lifecycle events. The '_run' method handles frame updates via requestAnimationFrame, and 'stop' cancels the animation. No network activity, file access, environment variables, or suspicious code is present. No anomalies such as obfuscated code or hidden behaviors are detected. The implementation appears benign and typical for animation handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard animation class with no malicious behavior. It handles animation timing and event emission securely, with no signs of sabotage or malware. It does not read or write sensitive data, nor does it perform external network or file system actions. Overall, it poses no security risk.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}