{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this source code appears to be to provide a JavaScript library for general utility functions, possibly related to network operations or data processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters, imported modules, environment variables, and network requests (if any). It also accesses global variables and constants within the module scope.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network request functions (fetch, XMLHttpRequest), eval or Function constructors, DOM manipulations, file system access, or data storage methods such as localStorage/sessionStorage.",
  "flows": "Data flows from sources such as user input, environment variables, or external data, through processing functions, possibly to sinks such as network requests, eval calls, or data storage.",
  "anomalies": "Observed anomalies include obfuscated code segments, use of dynamic function execution, hardcoded strings that resemble credentials or API keys, and unusual network activity patterns. There are no clear indicators of malicious backdoors but some code constructs are suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code includes imported modules that are standard utility libraries, with no immediate malicious indicators. Some segments are minified or obfuscated, making detailed static analysis challenging. The presence of hardcoded API keys or credentials is suspected but not confirmed due to obfuscation. There are no evident malicious network calls, reverse shells, or data exfiltration routines. The code employs typical JavaScript patterns, but the obfuscated parts suggest a need for deeper inspection. No explicit malware behavior such as unauthorized system access or damaging operations is detected. The suspicious parts are limited to code obfuscation and potential embedded secrets, which could be benign or malicious depending on intent.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the current analysis, there is no conclusive evidence of malicious behavior, but the obfuscated code warrants caution. The package does not exhibit high malware likelihood or security risks but should be reviewed further if any embedded secrets or obfuscated logic are confirmed malicious. Overall risk is low to moderate, with a need for additional context.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 4
}