{
  "purpose": "Utility functions and API interaction methods for handling blockchain-related data, token info, transaction uploads, and chain-specific operations within a blockchain payment system.",
  "sources": "Reads data from function arguments, external API responses (fetch calls), and input parameters such as addresses, chain IDs, and tokens.",
  "sinks": "External API endpoints (uploadTxInfo, eth_call, get_balances, get_status), fetch responses, console logs, and data transformations (e.g., JSON.stringify).",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs and external API responses through various functions, potentially into external API calls (uploadTxInfo, eth_call, getBalance, getStatus). No evident data leaks or malicious flows are present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets detected. Usage of console.log for debugging info may expose sensitive info if logs are accessed externally, but this is a development concern rather than malicious intent. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a collection of utility functions for interacting with blockchain APIs and managing token data. It performs standard operations such as address normalization, chain ID mapping, API requests for transaction info, balance checks, and status queries. There is no indication of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, unauthorized network connections beyond the intended API calls, or code that could be used for sabotage. All external requests are directed to specified, presumably trusted, API endpoints. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. The presence of console.log statements is typical for debugging and does not imply malicious activity. Overall, the code is structured for standard blockchain app functionality with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for blockchain operations and API interactions. No evidence of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks has been identified. The code is benign and appears to serve legitimate purposes within a blockchain payment system.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}