{
  "purpose": "This module provides utility functions for interacting with blockchain networks, handling token data, making API calls, and encoding data in a decentralized application context.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as addresses, chain IDs, tokens, user data, transaction hashes, and external API responses via fetch.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent to external APIs (uploadTxInfo, getBalance, getStatus, ethCall), and network requests are made via fetch, which could potentially leak or transmit data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (addresses, hashes, tokens) to API calls and internal processing functions, with external API responses being processed and returned.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets or credentials; functions like uploadTxInfo log request bodies, but no hidden or malicious code is detected. Usage of fetch and JSON handling is standard. The code does not contain obfuscated parts or dynamic code execution. No backdoors or malicious network connections are present. No malicious privacy violations or data exfiltration are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard blockchain utility functions, API interaction, and data encoding without malicious intent. It uses publicly available libraries and performs expected operations such as token normalization, address comparisons, and network requests. The fetch calls are used for typical server communication, with no signs of covert data exfiltration. No hardcoded sensitive data or suspicious behaviors are detected. The logging statements are benign, serving debugging purposes. Overall, the code appears to be well-structured utility functions with no malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical blockchain utility module without any malicious or sabotage intent. It performs network requests and data processing expected in blockchain applications, with no indicators of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}