{
  "purpose": "This code provides an implementation of WebSocket client and server functionality, including extensions, protocols, event handling, and network communication via Node.js streams and sockets. It facilitates real-time bidirectional communication over WebSocket protocol in Node.js environments.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from network sockets (TCP, TLS, HTTP upgrade requests), reads configuration options, environment variables, and headers during WebSocket handshake, and processes incoming WebSocket frames and control messages.",
  "sinks": "Sends data via network sockets (write, end, destroy), emits events that could be handled externally, and processes incoming data frames and control frames (close, ping, pong). The code also creates and manages streams, including compression/decompression extensions.",
  "flows": "Incoming network data flows into Receiver, which processes frames and messages; handshake headers flow into WebSocket handshake logic; extension negotiation data flows between client/server and extension handlers; outgoing data is framed and sent via Sender, which writes to network sockets.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Code primarily consists of standard WebSocket protocol handling, extension negotiation, and network stream management. No indication of data exfiltration, system compromise, or unauthorized remote control logic. Event handling appears standard. No suspicious network connections or command execution found. No obfuscated or malware-like code structures. The environment variable checks and extension modules are typical for WebSocket implementations.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically implements WebSocket protocol logic, including handshake validation, frame parsing, extension negotiation, and event handling. It carefully manages socket connections, error conditions, and data framing, with appropriate validation and error propagation. No signs of malicious behavior such as secret data leakage, reverse shells, hidden remote control, or data exfiltration are evident. The code relies on standard Node.js modules and conventional patterns. Overall, it appears to be a standard, secure WebSocket library implementation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a comprehensive and typical implementation of WebSocket communication in Node.js, designed for secure real-time data exchange. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. The code follows standard protocols and practices, with no suspicious signals or anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}