{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive implementation of a WebSocket client and server, including features like message framing, extension handling, protocol negotiation, and connection management, primarily for use in Node.js environments.",
  "sources": "Code reads environment variables, socket data streams, request headers, and configuration options. It also reads modules such as 'stream', 'http', 'https', 'tls', 'crypto', and other dependencies for zlib, buffer utilities, and extensions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include socket write functions, stream destruction, process.nextTick callbacks, and error emissions. These are used for data transmission, connection teardown, and error handling.",
  "flows": "Input sources such as request headers, environment variables, and socket data flow into connection setup, protocol extension negotiation, and message framing. Data from untrusted network streams is processed and potentially sent over the network. Connection management functions handle socket errors and closure, flowing into resource cleanup and event emissions.",
  "anomalies": "There are no obvious anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The code appears to follow standard patterns for WebSocket handling in Node.js, including typical use of cryptographic hashes, environment checks, and extension parsing. No suspicious network connections, data exfiltration, or covert channels are detected. The code's complexity is consistent with a full-featured WebSocket library, not obfuscated or misleading.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a WebSocket protocol stack, including client and server components, with extension support, message handling, and connection lifecycle management. It reads configuration from environment and request headers, uses cryptographic functions for handshake validation, and manages streams for message data. The structure follows established standards, with no signs of malicious behavior. Sensitive data like headers are used solely for protocol negotiation, not for exfiltration. Error handling and connection teardown are handled through standard event emissions. No dynamic code execution or code injection mechanisms are present. Overall, the implementation appears legitimate and designed for robust WebSocket communication.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, full-featured WebSocket library for Node.js, with standard handling of WebSocket protocols, extensions, and connections. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware signatures are evident. The logic aligns with typical network protocol implementations and does not include covert or harmful activities.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}