{
  "purpose": "The provided code constitutes a comprehensive implementation of WebSocket client and server functionality, including connection handling, message framing, extension negotiation, and stream management. Its primary purpose is to enable real-time bidirectional communication over WebSocket protocol, with support for extensions like permessage-deflate and subprotocol handling.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from network sockets (via 'socket' objects), reads request headers during HTTP upgrade (via 'req.headers'), reads configuration options (via function parameters and environment variables), reads extension negotiation headers (via 'sec-websocket-extensions'), and reads input data for message payloads (via 'chunk' buffers in stream processing).",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can be written to network sockets ('socket.write', 'socket.end'), used in message frames ('sendFrame'), or injected via streams ('_write', 'write' events). Potential sinks include message payloads, control frames (close, ping, pong), and extension negotiation headers. No evidence suggests malicious data leakage or command injection directly within the code logic.",
  "flows": "Data flows from network sockets into receiver streams and buffers; from request headers into parsing functions; message payloads flow from client or server to network via 'send' methods; extension parameters flow from headers into extension negotiation functions; masking keys are generated via cryptographic functions and applied to outgoing messages. Data received is processed, validated, potentially decompressed, and then emitted as 'message' events.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code uses cryptographic functions appropriately for masking keys and handshake validation. It handles errors and stream cleanup properly. No suspicious or malicious code segments such as hidden network connections, system info exfiltration, or cryptomining are evident. Minified or standard library code is used, but this does not constitute obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code covers full WebSocket protocol implementation, including handshake validation, message framing, extension negotiation, and stream management. It employs cryptographic functions securely for handshake and masking. It manages connection lifecycle events and errors properly, ensuring cleanup and error propagation. No functions or code paths suggest malicious behavior or sabotage. The code strictly adheres to protocol standards, with no signs of data leaks, remote command execution, or unauthorized network activity beyond intended WebSocket communication. The use of external libraries like 'zlib', 'crypto', and streams is standard and does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, comprehensive WebSocket library implementation that handles client and server communication securely and correctly. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage mechanisms. Its functions, data flows, and external dependencies are typical for a WebSocket protocol implementation. Overall, the code appears safe with high confidence. No indicators of malware or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}