{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a JavaScript library named Costro, version 2.2.0, which facilitates the creation and rendering of SVG elements using a React-like JSX syntax.",
  "sources": "Code reads internal configuration variables, predefined constants, and the input parameters for functions such as e, t, o, i, and others during element creation and attribute setting.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks identified that handle untrusted data; the code primarily creates DOM elements and sets attributes based on input parameters.",
  "flows": "Function parameters (e, t, o, i, etc.) flow into element creation and attribute assignment functions, influencing DOM elements but without apparent data from untrusted external sources.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns, hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The code uses standard DOM manipulation and SVG namespace functions. No network requests, external data fetching, or hidden behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard React-like JSX helper library that simplifies SVG element creation. It defines functions to set attributes, classes, dataset, innerHTML, and to create elements or fragments. The code structure, variable naming, and patterns are consistent with common UI component libraries. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, network connections, or code injection. The code is not minified in a suspicious manner, nor does it include obfuscated or encrypted segments. The initial and middle sections define constants and helper functions typical for such libraries, and the code ends with standard element creation functions. Overall, the code appears benign and consistent with legitimate UI rendering code.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard JSX-based SVG element creation utility, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It performs DOM element creation and attribute management without external data handling or network activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}