{
  "purpose": "Integration of Livewire with Vue.js, setting up hooks for message handling, element initialization, and model updates.",
  "sources": "Livewire hooks, DOM elements, server responses providing HTML content.",
  "sinks": "innerHTML insertion into DOM, Vue component mounting, updating Vue props.",
  "flows": "Livewire message reception → DOM insertion via innerHTML → Vue mounting on inserted content → model value interception and update.",
  "anomalies": "Use of innerHTML with server-provided HTML without sanitization; no obfuscation or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Livewire-Vue.js integration script. It dynamically inserts HTML received from server responses into the DOM and mounts Vue components on that content. While this pattern is common, it introduces potential XSS risks if server responses are malicious or untrusted. No malware, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The main concern is the lack of sanitization of server-sent HTML, which could be exploited if the server is compromised. The code does not perform network requests or system modifications. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, securityRisk=0.2–0.4) are consistent with the observed behavior and potential security implications.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical frontend integration pattern with no malicious intent or malware. The primary security concern is the dynamic insertion of untrusted HTML via innerHTML, which could lead to XSS if server responses are malicious. Proper server-side sanitization is recommended. The malware score remains 0, obfuscation score 0, and the moderate security risk score (around 0.3) accurately reflects the potential vulnerability. Overall, this appears to be a false alarm regarding malicious activity; the supply chain security risk is minimal provided sanitization is enforced externally.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}