{
  "purpose": "The code provides mathematical functions and classes for quaternion-based rotations, conversions between different rotational representations, and interpolations for 3D transformations, primarily for use in 3D graphics or geometric computations.",
  "sources": "No external input sources or data reads are evident; the code defines functions and classes without reading user input or environment variables.",
  "sinks": "No output to network, files, or external systems; no sensitive data handling or external communications are present.",
  "flows": "The code defines functions that process fixed mathematical inputs (angles, vectors) to produce rotation quaternions, conversion outputs, or interpolated results. No source-to-sink data flow involving untrusted input is detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of quaternion mathematics with no unusual or suspicious code structures. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors are present. The code relies solely on mathematical computations and standard Math library functions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a mathematical library for quaternion rotations and conversions, based on well-known formulas. It includes functions for creating quaternions from Cartesian coordinates and Euler angles, converting back to angles, interpolating between rotations, and generating delta rotations. The implementation is straightforward, using only standard JavaScript Math functions and simple array manipulations. There are no network calls, file operations, environment variable accesses, or other side effects. The code appears to be a clean, academic, or utility library for 3D rotations with no malicious intent or suspicious features.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured mathematical library for quaternion and rotational computations. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data leaks, or security risks. It appears to be a benign open-source utility module. Confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}