{
  "purpose": "Library for quaternion and spherical coordinate operations, including conversions, interpolations, and rotations, primarily used for 3D geometry and visualization.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments, such as coordinate arrays and angles.",
  "sinks": "The code performs mathematical calculations and returns arrays or functions; it does not write data or send data externally.",
  "flows": "Input coordinates and angles are transformed within functions to produce rotation quaternions, angles, or Cartesian coordinates. There are no external data flows or network activity.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code uses standard mathematical operations for 3D rotation calculations. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or external data fetching is present. Functions like 'versor.delta' use internal calculations for quaternion differences but nothing unusual. No signs of malicious privacy violations or data theft.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a 'Versor' class for quaternion operations, including conversions from and to angles, interpolation, and Cartesian coordinate transformations. It provides functions for creating quaternions from angles and Cartesian points, interpolating between rotations, and rotating vectors on the sphere. The code uses standard math functions and mathematical operations common in 3D graphics computations. It does not interact with external systems, perform network requests, or access environment variables. The implementation appears to be a straightforward mathematical library with no malicious or sabotage intent. There are no obfuscation techniques or unusual code constructs. The code's structure and logic are typical for a 3D math utility library.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical library for quaternion and spherical coordinate operations with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs standard mathematical calculations for 3D rotations and interpolations. No security risks or malware signals are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}