{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component called CombineImage that loads multiple images, draws them onto a canvas, and applies transformations such as scaling, translation, and rotation. It is designed for compositing images dynamically in a React application.",
  "sources": "The code reads image source URLs from the 'images' prop, which is an array of objects containing 'src' and other properties. It also accesses the DOM via a React ref to manipulate the canvas context.",
  "sinks": "The code performs image loading and drawing on a canvas element. No direct data leaks or external data transmission are observed. There are no network requests beyond loading images from provided URLs.",
  "flows": "Images are loaded asynchronously based on their 'src' attributes, stored in component state, and then drawn onto the canvas in a useEffect hook that runs after images are loaded. Data flows from 'images' prop to internal state, then to canvas drawing functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code employs obfuscated helper functions (e.g., _interopRequireWildcard, _extends) that are generated by Babel, which is typical in transpiled code. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments are evident. No malicious behavior or privacy violations are apparent. No network activity other than image loading is present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard React image compositing component with common image loading, caching, and drawing procedures. It utilizes promises for image loading, handles errors gracefully, and applies transformations to images before drawing. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are identified. The helper functions are typical transpilation artifacts. No suspicious data flows, such as data exfiltration or hidden network communication, are present.",
  "conclusion": "This is a legitimate React component for image composition with no evident malicious behavior or security risks. It handles image loading and rendering securely within the intended scope. No security alerts or malware indications are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}