{
  "purpose": "This React Native component 'Shadow' renders customizable shadow effects around a view using SVG gradients and paths, primarily for UI styling purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from 'props' (style, onlyBorder, children), and uses StyleSheet.flatten to extract style properties such as width, height, shadowColor, shadowRadius, borderRadius, and shadowOpacity.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any clear sinks that send data over the network, write to files, or execute system commands. It renders SVG graphics based on input styles, with no external data or untrusted input being transmitted.",
  "flows": "Input props are read and used to generate SVG gradient definitions and Path/Rect elements for visual effects. There are no flows that send data externally or execute untrusted code.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes comments about removing certain shadow style properties due to rendering issues, but no suspicious code such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious network activity. No obfuscation or code that appears intended to hide malicious behavior. It primarily manipulates style properties and SVG rendering logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React Native component designed to render shadow effects with SVG gradients. It reads style properties, excludes certain shadow-related properties to avoid rendering issues, and constructs SVG elements accordingly. The code uses gradients and paths for visual effects, with conditional rendering based on 'onlyBorder'. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or system sabotage. The logic appears to be for UI enhancement purposes only. No obfuscated code or external malicious payloads are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign UI component for rendering shadows using SVG in React Native. There are no signs of malicious intent or malware. The code simply processes style props to create visual effects. Overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}