{
  "purpose": "This component renders a customizable shadow effect for React Native views, utilizing SVG gradients and paths to create shadow borders around a view.",
  "sources": "The code reads style properties from props, specifically style, children, and onlyBorder; it uses StyleSheet.flatten to extract style attributes such as width, height, shadowColor, shadowRadius, borderRadius, and shadowOpacity.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily outputs SVG elements for visual effects; it does not write to or read from external sources, files, or network. No untrusted data is directly used in sensitive operations or data leaks.",
  "flows": "Input style properties (source) are processed to generate SVG gradient stops and path definitions, which are then rendered to produce the shadow borders. No external or untrusted data flow is evident.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior detected. The code is primarily UI rendering logic with standard use of SVG elements and React Native styling. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are present. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious network activity is observed.",
  "analysis": "The component is designed to create shadow effects via SVG gradients; it extracts style parameters and constructs SVG paths and gradients accordingly. It uses standard React Native and SVG practices without involving external data sources or system commands. The code does not include any external network requests, system modifications, or hidden behaviors. The logic appears to be a typical UI enhancement with no malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign React Native component for visual effects, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It solely manages UI rendering for shadows using SVG gradients. There are no anomalies indicating malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}