{
  "purpose": "This React Native component is designed to render customizable shadow effects around a view, with options for borders and gradients.",
  "sources": "The code reads style properties from props, particularly style and styleObject, and utilizes React Native's StyleSheet.flatten to extract width, height, and shadow-related properties. It does not read external data sources or environment variables.",
  "sinks": "The code renders SVG elements with gradients and paths based on the style properties. It does not send data over network, access system files, or perform any destructive actions.",
  "flows": "Style properties (source) are used to generate SVG gradient definitions (sink). The gradients and paths are constructed based on the style data, but no data is transmitted externally or used maliciously.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code uses standard React Native and SVG components without obfuscation or malicious constructs. No unusual or malicious code flows are evident. The use of complex SVG paths and gradients appears to be for visual effects, not malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React Native component that creates visual shadow effects using SVG gradients and paths. It processes style properties to determine size, colors, and shadow effects. No external network requests, system modifications, or data leaks are present. The code functions solely within the UI rendering context, and no suspicious behaviors such as data exfiltration or system tampering are detected. The code structure and logic are consistent with typical React Native visual component implementations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign React Native component for visual effects with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is designed solely for UI enhancement, and no malicious activity is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}