{
  "purpose": "The code initializes and configures the Prism syntax highlighting library for various languages including markup, CSS, and JavaScript.",
  "sources": "The code reads global variables (window, self, WorkerGlobalScope), and script tag sources (via document.getElementsByTagName). It processes and highlights code blocks within the webpage.",
  "sinks": "InnerHTML modifications of DOM elements, Worker instantiation for syntax highlighting, and hook execution. Potentially unsafe if malicious code is injected into highlighted content.",
  "flows": "Input data from webpage DOM or scripts flows into Prism highlighting functions, which then modify innerHTML of code elements, and possibly spawn Web Workers for syntax processing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. The code includes extensive syntax highlighting logic, but no malicious code injection or network activity is present. Usage of Worker for syntax processing is standard for performance. No obfuscated or suspicious dynamic code execution is found. No external network calls, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads are observed.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard implementation of the Prism syntax highlighter, defining language grammars and hooking into the DOM to perform syntax highlighting. It utilizes Web Workers for off-main-thread processing, which is common for syntax highlighters. No suspicious patterns like hardcoded secrets, network communication, or backdoors are present. The code structure is consistent with typical Prism library code, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior. The code focuses solely on syntax highlighting and DOM manipulation.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard Prism syntax highlighter setup, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It only processes code for syntax highlighting purposes and does not perform any harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}