{
  "purpose": "The code creates a simple HTTP server acting as an OAuth endpoint to handle OAuth verifier and code callbacks for authentication purposes.",
  "sources": "The server reads request URLs and query parameters (request.url, url.query.oauth_verifier, url.query.code).",
  "sinks": "The code outputs HTML responses including the OAuth verifier or code directly to the client; it does not directly process or store the input elsewhere.",
  "flows": "Input data from URL query parameters (oauth_verifier, code) is embedded into HTML responses sent back to the client. No further data flow to external systems or storage is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The server reflects OAuth tokens directly into HTML responses without sanitization, but since these are OAuth verifier codes and not sensitive secrets, this is typical in OAuth flows. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code structures are present. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a basic HTTP server listening on a configurable port. It parses incoming request URLs to identify specific OAuth callback paths. When the URL path starts with '/jira' and includes 'oauth_verifier', it responds with an HTML page displaying the verifier. If 'code' is present in the query, it responds similarly with the code. Otherwise, it returns a 401 Unauthorized error. The server simply reflects these OAuth tokens back to the client, which is standard for OAuth callback handling. No external data is transmitted or stored, and no malicious behaviors like data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware are detected. The code does not contain obfuscation or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a straightforward OAuth callback handler with no signs of malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It properly handles OAuth tokens for user authentication flow, without any malicious data handling or malware indications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}