{
  "purpose": "This code implements a client-side JavaScript SDK for user authentication and session management, including login, registration, token refresh, social authentication, and session validation.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data (e.g., serverUrl, endpoints, providers), session data from storage, user credentials, tokens, and input parameters for functions such as tokens and email addresses.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to various endpoints (login, logout, refresh, register, social auth), localStorage/sessionStorage for session persistence, window.open for OAuth popups, and event emissions.",
  "flows": "Input credentials and tokens are sent via HTTP POST requests; session data is stored and retrieved from storage; OAuth popup handles social login; session validation and refresh requests are made to the server; events are emitted on login, logout, registration, refresh, and link actions.",
  "anomalies": "Uses localStorage or sessionStorage for session persistence, which is common; no hardcoded credentials, tokens, or secrets observed; no obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution; HTTP request headers include 'Authorization' with bearer tokens, which is standard. The code relies on window global object for OAuth session handling, but this is typical for browser-based OAuth flows.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical authentication client library with functions for login, logout, token refresh, social authentication, and session management. It interacts with server endpoints for authentication flows and stores session tokens locally. No suspicious or malicious patterns such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or backdoors are evident. The code handles user credentials and tokens securely within standard practices. No hidden or obfuscated code is detected; it uses well-known libraries (axios, debug, eventemitter2) appropriately. The session storage is configurable and fallback to in-memory storage is safe. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. OAuth popup handling uses standard window.open with checks for popup blocking, and session info is handled via global window functions in a typical manner.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate client authentication library implementing standard security practices for session management and OAuth flows. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The malware score is 0, security risk score is low, and confidence is high. No indicators of compromise or sabotage are identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}