{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a WebAssembly loader and runtime environment setup, primarily for initializing and running a wasm module, with some code related to dynamic function registration and memory management.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from 'import.meta.url', 'document.currentScript.src', and from base64-encoded strings representing wasm binaries or related data. It also fetches wasm binary files via 'fetch' when necessary.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'WebAssembly.instantiate' call, and dynamic memory allocations via '_malloc' and '_free'. There is also code that registers functions and handles data conversion between JavaScript and wasm, which could be exploited if malicious data is fed into those pathways.",
  "flows": "Data flows from source inputs (imported URLs, embedded base64 strings, fetch responses) into wasm binary loading functions and memory management routines. Untrusted input (e.g., fetched wasm binaries or URL-based data) can influence the instantiation process. Additionally, dynamic function registration and callback handling could process untrusted data, potentially leading to code execution if exploited.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains highly complex, deeply nested functions and extensive memory manipulation logic, typical of minified or generated wasm loader code. It includes base64-encoded wasm binaries embedded directly, which could be used maliciously if replaced or manipulated. No explicit hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident, but the high complexity and obfuscation make it difficult to fully verify behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a WebAssembly loader, fetching, decoding, and instantiating wasm modules, with support for both synchronous and asynchronous operations. It performs URL and base64 data handling, memory management, and dynamic registration of functions and types. The obfuscated structure and minified style are typical of compiled or auto-generated code, not inherently suspicious but complicating security analysis. No direct evidence of malicious payloads, backdoors, or unsolicited data exfiltration are visible. However, the embedded base64 wasm data and complex dynamic function registration could be exploited if manipulated externally. Overall, the code aligns with standard wasm runtime initialization, with no definitive malicious behavior observed but warrants cautious review due to complexity.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is primarily a WebAssembly loader and runtime environment setup. While it is complex and obfuscated, there is no clear indication of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system harm. The use of embedded base64 wasm binaries and dynamic function registration presents potential risks if the source wasm is malicious or replaced, but in its current form, it appears to be a standard wasm runtime loader.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 1
}