{
  "purpose": "This code implements a feedback widget that collects user ratings, emails, and messages, captures screenshots, and submits the data to a specified API endpoint. It also dynamically injects styles and handles user interactions.",
  "sources": "User inputs are read from email input, message textarea, and rating radio buttons. Data is collected during feedback submission. External resources include html2canvas library for screenshots, and network fetch calls for submitting feedback.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent via fetch to an external API endpoint. User email, message, rating, device info, and screenshot data are included in payload. These are transmitted over POST request to the API URL: https://www.nerdswithcharisma.com/aog/api/feedback.",
  "flows": "Sources (user inputs, device data, screenshots) flow into the submitFeedback method, which then either calls a user-defined onSubmit handler or sends data via fetch to the external API endpoint.",
  "anomalies": "The code begins with a large, non-standard, minified-looking block of helper functions (__assign, __awaiter, __generator) that are standard transpilation artifacts, not suspicious. The use of dynamic script loading for html2canvas is typical. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are evident. The code does not contain obfuscated or encrypted segments. All logic appears focused on UI creation, data collection, and submission.",
  "analysis": "The script creates a feedback modal with rating options, email input, and message textarea, and submits collected data to an external API. It uses dynamic style injection and loads html2canvas for screenshots. The fetch call to submit feedback is straightforward, with no unusual network behaviors or data leaks outside standard feedback collection. There are no hardcoded credentials or secret tokens. The code structure and functions are consistent with a legitimate feedback widget, and all external resources are publicly linked or standard libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard feedback widget implementation with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It securely collects user input, screenshots, and device info, and transmits them to a remote server for feedback purposes. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}