{
  "purpose": "This code implements a feedback widget that collects user ratings, comments, and emails, optionally taking screenshots, and submits this data to a remote API endpoint or via a custom callback.",
  "sources": "User inputs include email field (.aog-email), message textarea (.aog-message), and rating inputs (radio buttons). External data includes navigator, window, document, and screen info. It loads html2canvas dynamically for screenshot capture.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to https://www.nerdswithcharisma.com/aog/api/feedback via fetch. DOM manipulation for creating modal, toast notifications, trigger button, and styles. Screenshot data URL via canvas.toDataURL.",
  "flows": "User inputs are gathered from form elements within the modal. When submit is triggered, data including email, message, rating, device info, and optional screenshot is assembled into a payload and sent via fetch or a custom onSubmit callback.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified and bundled into a single large block, making static analysis difficult. It loads html2canvas dynamically but does not appear to verify the loaded library's integrity. No explicit hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No obfuscated or malicious language features detected; the code is straightforward in purpose. The console logs theme mode and config, which could be used for debugging but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes a feedback widget with configurable appearance and behavior, including optional screenshot capture. It loads html2canvas for screenshots, but handles errors gracefully by logging failures without exposing user data. It submits user feedback to a known external endpoint or via a callback, with proper handling of responses. No suspicious network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoor behaviors are evident. The code does not perform any malicious actions such as executing code from untrusted sources, connecting to unknown domains, or accessing sensitive system data beyond standard browser properties. The presence of dynamic style injection, event handling, and network requests are typical for such widgets and do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage in this code. It functions as a user feedback widget, with standard features such as modal dialogs, rating inputs, and optional screenshot capture. It communicates with a known API endpoint and loads external libraries securely. The code is not obfuscated maliciously and does not perform any harmful actions. Overall, the script appears to be a legitimate feedback collection tool with no malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}