{
  "purpose": "The code implements a feedback widget that collects user ratings, messages, and emails, captures screenshots, and submits feedback to a specified API endpoint.",
  "sources": "Reads user input from DOM elements (.aog-email, .aog-message, rating inputs), configuration data (this.config), and device information (navigator, window). It also loads external scripts (html2canvas).",
  "sinks": "Sends data via fetch to a remote API endpoint (`https://www.nerdswithcharisma.com/aog/api/feedback`). It also creates DOM elements for modal, buttons, and toast notifications. The screenshot data URL is stored as base64 string.",
  "flows": "User inputs (email, message, rating) are collected and sent via POST request to the API endpoint. The screenshot is captured asynchronously using html2canvas and included in the payload. Feedback submission can invoke a custom onSubmit callback.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code loads html2canvas dynamically, but this is standard for capturing screenshots. The only external URL is a legitimate API endpoint and a third-party script for html2canvas. The code disables screenshot capturing if configured, but does not perform any suspicious actions or data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The script is a feedback widget with typical UI and data collection functionalities. It includes methods for rendering styles, creating UI elements, capturing screenshots, and submitting feedback. It loads html2canvas dynamically, which is standard for capturing screenshots. The data is posted to an external API endpoint that appears related to the widget's purpose. No code indicates malicious behavior such as data theft, system modification, or covert communication. The structure is straightforward, with no obfuscated or suspicious code patterns. The external script and fetch URLs are legitimate and related to feedback collection, not malicious hosting. No backdoors, hidden network connections, or malware signals are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a standard feedback collection widget. It gathers user input and device info, optionally captures screenshots, and submits data to a specified API. There are no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. The code is safe based on the provided fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}