{
  "purpose": "The script implements a feedback widget with modal interface, screenshot capture, and rating system for user feedback collection, integrated into a webpage.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from DOM elements (.aog-email, .aog-message, rating inputs), configuration object (config parameter in init), and window.matchMedia for color scheme. Also loads external script html2canvas from a URL.",
  "sinks": "Sends feedback data (email, message, rating, screenshot, device info) via fetch to a specified API endpoint, and invokes optional user-defined onSubmit callback with payload.",
  "flows": "User interaction with modal inputs and buttons triggers feedback submission. Data collected from DOM and device context flows to network request or callback. External script loads html2canvas for screenshots, which are then sent as base64 data URLs.",
  "anomalies": "Code contains heavy inline style injection, complex minified-like patterns in getRatingOptions, and a large block of obfuscated-looking assignment functions (__assign, __awaiter, __generator). These are typical transpiled TypeScript constructs, not malicious. No hardcoded secrets or credentials found. The warning at script start about not breaking the code suggests intentional structure, not obfuscation for malicious intent. No suspicious network domains or data exfiltration routines are evident. External script loads html2canvas for screenshots, which is standard for such features.",
  "analysis": "The code is a UI widget for feedback collection, with functions for rendering modal, capturing screenshots, and submitting data to an API. The code uses standard security practices: fetch with POST, JSON payload, no hardcoded credentials, and no indication of malicious network activity. External script loading (html2canvas) is typical for capturing screenshots. Data flows are confined to user inputs and device info, with optional callback handling. The minified-like functions are common transpiled TypeScript patterns, not obfuscation. No hidden backdoors, credential theft, or system damage routines are present. The code respects user privacy by not sending data unless feedback is submitted, and the screenshot feature is optional.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a feedback widget implementation with standard features and no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It collects user feedback, device info, and optionally screenshots, then posts to a public API endpoint or invokes a callback. The complex transpiled code patterns are typical and not malicious. There is no evidence of malware or security risks beyond the typical data collection inherent in feedback systems.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}