{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component 'ChartNode' used to render and manage hierarchical node structures with interactive features such as collapsing/expanding nodes, drag-and-drop, and node selection.",
  "sources": "Data sources include the 'datasource' prop (node data), event handlers reading data from DOM events, and service modules ('./service') that manage drag-and-drop and selection states.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include 'changeHierarchy' callback (which receives parsed JSON data from drag-and-drop), and DOM manipulation for toggling classes and rendering UI. Data transfer during drag-and-drop uses 'setData' and 'getData' with JSON stringification.",
  "flows": "Source data ('datasource' object) flows into rendering and event handlers; drag events serialize 'datasource' via JSON.stringify and transfer with 'setData'; 'dropHandler' parses this data with JSON.parse and calls 'changeHierarchy'.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code uses standard React patterns, event handling, and service subscriptions. No obfuscated code or unusual language features detected.",
  "analysis": "The component uses React hooks to manage state related to node collapsing and selection. It subscribes to services for drag-and-drop and selection management, which is standard for such interactive components. Drag-and-drop logic serializes node data as JSON, which is typical for React-based drag-and-drop implementations. The code handles toggling node visibility and class adjustments based on user interaction. No external data sources, network requests, or environment variables are used that could be malicious. The code appears to be a legitimate UI component for rendering hierarchical structures with interactive controls.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React component for hierarchical node rendering with interactive features. There are no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks. It properly manages state and events, with no hidden or harmful code observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}