{
  "purpose": "The code performs license validation, fetches package data from an external API, and installs packages accordingly, with checks for blacklisting and whitelisting.",
  "sources": "Reads package name input ('pkg'), reads local configuration file ('npv-config.json'), fetches package data from 'https://api.npms.io/v2/package/', reads filesystem for config existence.",
  "sinks": "Executes system commands via 'execa' ('npv config', 'npm install'), external API call via 'axios.get', filesystem read/write operations.",
  "flows": "Input 'pkg' flows into 'execa' commands for configuration and installation; package data flows from API response to validation logic; configuration data flows from filesystem read to validation checks.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'execa' with 'pkg' directly in command strings without sanitization; no input validation or escaping performed on 'pkg'.",
  "analysis": "The code executes system commands ('npv', 'npm install') with the 'pkg' parameter directly, which can be exploited if 'pkg' contains shell metacharacters. No sanitization or escaping is performed, creating a command injection risk. The rest of the code performs standard license and health checks, API data fetching, and filesystem operations, with no evidence of malicious behavior or obfuscation. The malware score is 0, as no malicious payloads are detected. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. The security risk score is elevated (around 0.4 to 0.6) due to the command injection potential, with 0.6 justified in the first report where the risk is highest. Overall, the main concern is the lack of input sanitization before executing system commands, which could be exploited in untrusted environments. No malware or malicious payloads are present, but the vulnerability warrants attention.",
  "conclusion": "The code is generally legitimate, performing package validation and installation tasks. The primary security issue is the potential for command injection via unsanitized 'pkg' input used in 'execa' commands. No malware or obfuscation is detected. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate, with a higher risk score justified by the command injection vulnerability. To mitigate this, input sanitization or escaping should be implemented before passing 'pkg' to system commands.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}