{
  "purpose": "This module performs various feature detection tests related to DOM, Canvas, and image handling capabilities, possibly for rendering or compatibility purposes in a graphics or visualization library.",
  "sources": "Reads include the document object for DOM manipulations and Image objects for image data, as well as feature detection functions that access global properties like 'crossOrigin' and 'responseType'.",
  "sinks": "Canvas toDataURL() method, image loading, and manipulation functions could be sinks if untrusted data is involved, but here they are used solely for feature detection. No external data or user input appears to be processed for sensitive information or executed maliciously.",
  "flows": "The code flows from feature detection functions (sources) that check support for various browser features, then sets properties accordingly. No data flows from untrusted sources to dangerous sinks; the code primarily checks capabilities.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic property definitions for feature flags, which is standard for feature detection. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The Promise-based image testing functions are typical for async feature checks. No obfuscation or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The module performs feature detection by testing support for range bounds, SVG drawing, base64 image rendering, foreignObject rendering, CORS support, and responseType support. It creates DOM elements and images, attempts to draw on Canvas, and resolves support flags accordingly. All operations are standard detection routines with no external data injection or malicious behavior. The use of Promise for async detection aligns with common practices. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or data leaks are present. The code is straightforward and purpose-built for capability checks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard feature detection module for browser capabilities related to graphics and rendering. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are identified. It only reads environment and DOM properties to determine feature support, with no suspicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}