{
  "purpose": "This script appears to be a CLI tool for managing git commits with a user interface for selecting commit types and describing commit details.",
  "sources": "The code reads user input via inquirer prompts, command-line arguments via yargs, and calls functions from './utils/git' and './bin/ui'.",
  "sinks": "Data flows into git handling functions such as normalHandler and doCommit, which may execute git commands based on user input. User input is directly used without sanitization before being passed to these functions.",
  "flows": "User inputs (commit message, scope, issue IDs, descriptions) are collected via prompts and passed directly to git functions. There are no external network or file sinks directly observable in this code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments. No dynamic code execution, eval, or obfuscated code present. Usage of external modules appears standard. The code interacts with git, which is expected for such a tool.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily provides a user interface for creating and managing git commits. It uses inquirer for input collection, yargs for CLI options, and calls functions from local modules. All data is obtained from user prompts and CLI args, with no indication of malicious intent. No code injection, data leakage, or suspicious network activity is detected. The functions called (e.g., normalHandler, getCommits, doCommit) are assumed to perform standard git operations based on provided data. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or embedded malware. The code structure and variable naming are consistent with normal CLI tooling.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard CLI utility for managing git commits with user prompts and options. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident. The code functions as intended for its purpose, with no signs of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}