{
  "purpose": "This code defines a client library for interacting with the RealTimeCat API, allowing session and token management, as well as querying session and token lists.",
  "sources": "Input data from function parameters (e.g., labels, data, session IDs, token IDs), environment variables (API keys and secrets), and URL parameters.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests made via the 'request' module with API keys and secrets in headers; JSON parsing of responses; Promise rejection and callback error handling.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters to API request options; responses from API are parsed and resolved or rejected; no evident malicious flow from untrusted sources.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to be standard SDK for API interaction; no hardcoded credentials found; no suspicious URL manipulation or data exfiltration observed; the code adheres to normal patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward API client implementing session and token management with HTTP requests. It uses parameters for API key and secret, which are expected to be supplied externally. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The request module is used for network communication with clearly defined endpoints. JSON responses are parsed with error handling. No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or unusual constructs are present. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or system compromise. All network communications require valid credentials supplied at runtime. The code structure and logic are consistent with a legitimate SDK.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code functions as a standard API client for session and token management. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are evident. It does not include hardcoded secrets or any suspicious network activity. The design is typical for such SDKs, and all interactions seem intended for legitimate API communication.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}