{
  "purpose": "The code provides mathematical operations, asynchronous tax data requests via a service core, and error handling with logging.",
  "sources": "Input sources include function parameters (bracket), environment variables (potentially in servicecore configuration), and external API responses.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include network requests made by servicecore.request, and logging via logger.error.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function parameters into network requests or data processing, with some asynchronous handling. The request body includes 'bracket', which is user-supplied input. The API responses are returned or logged.",
  "anomalies": "The function throwSomething attempts to access a property on undefined, which is harmless but raises an exception. The code uses external modules (servicecore and logger) without suspicious behavior. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. No obfuscation or hidden code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines basic math functions and asynchronous functions that make network requests to a tax service, passing user input ('bracket') in request bodies. Error handling logs errors but does not leak sensitive info. The network request function is standard; no suspicious endpoints or data leaks are evident. The throwSomething function deliberately causes an exception, but this does not appear malicious; it seems to be a placeholder or test. No hidden backdoors, malicious network activity, or code injection points are identified. Overall, the code appears to be standard application logic without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs legitimate mathematical operations and makes external API calls to a tax service with user-supplied data. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The only minor anomaly is an intentional error in throwSomething, which is benign. Overall, this code does not pose security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}