{
  "purpose": "This code defines styled React components for rendering rich text with specific theming and styling rules, primarily for UI presentation purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads theme variables (e.g., colors, typography), imported functions (_functions.getFontStyle, _functions.getParagraphSize), and external libraries (styled-components, polished). No direct input sources such as user input, environment variables, or network data are present.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs styled DOM elements with CSS, affecting the webpage rendering. There are no sinks that handle untrusted data or perform data leaks.",
  "flows": "Data flows from theme variables and imported functions into CSS styles applied to DOM elements; no untrusted data or external communication is involved.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard styled-components theme setup for UI rendering. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments. All functions are used to compute styles, with no dynamic code execution or unusual constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code imports styling utilities and applies theme-based styling rules for various HTML elements (headings, paragraphs, lists, tables, etc.). It relies on external functions to compute font styles and sizes, and uses theme variables for colors and spacing. There are no signs of data input handling, network activity, or executable code outside styling. The structure is typical for UI styling in React applications. No obfuscated, malicious, or suspicious code behaviors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard styling component definition for React, focusing on theming and layout. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It simply applies styles based on theme variables and external functions, with no indication of data leakage, sabotage, or malicious actions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}