{
  "purpose": "This code extends the functionality of the 'simple-peer' library to facilitate chunked data transmission over WebRTC, with encoding/decoding and flow control features.",
  "sources": "Reads include the 'data' property from WebRTC data channel events, 'chunk' arguments in functions, and options passed to the constructor.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'super.send()' to send data over WebRTC, potentially exposing encoded chunks, and calls 'super.destroy()' upon errors.",
  "flows": "Data is received via event 'onChannelMessage', decoded, and potentially reassembled; outgoing data is chunked, encoded, queued, and sent via 'send()' method with flow control.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. The code uses standard packet encoding with 64-bit integers, which appears legitimate. The use of 'Int64BE' for encoding/decoding is typical for large data handling. No obfuscated or unusual code structures are present. Flow control via bufferedAmount checks is standard. No suspicious network activity or backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code extends 'simple-peer' to implement chunked data transfer with custom packet encoding/decoding. It manages reassembly, sequence ordering, and flow control with buffered amount checks. No external data sources or sinks indicate malicious intent. The methods appear focused on reliable data transfer without hidden or malicious operations. The code does not perform any network connections outside WebRTC, does not contain hardcoded secrets, and does not include code that could lead to unauthorized system access. All functions and logic appear legitimate and standard for this context.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate extension for chunked WebRTC data transfer, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It functions as intended for reliable data transmission, employing common patterns and safe practices. No malicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}