{
  "purpose": "The code implements a modular JavaScript framework for dependency injection, reflection-based dependency parsing, utility functions, application scaffolding, and Promise handling. It facilitates dynamic module management and app creation with an emphasis on flexibility and extensibility.",
  "sources": "The code reads input/data primarily from configuration files, environment variables (process.env), and external manifests used in dynamic require() calls. Reflection functions parse function source code to determine dependencies. External inputs influence module paths and function definitions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include dynamic require() calls with paths derived from external inputs, reflection parsing of function source code, and environment variables. These could lead to code injection or execution if inputs are maliciously manipulated, but no active malicious activity is present.",
  "flows": "External inputs (e.g., configuration files, manifests, environment variables) flow into require() calls and reflection functions, which determine module loading and dependency resolution. These flows could be exploited if inputs are untrusted, but the code does not perform network activity or data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated or minified code segments. Reflection parsing and dynamic require() usage are standard in dependency injection frameworks but can be risky if inputs are untrusted. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious payloads are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured dependency injection and utility framework with reflection capabilities. It relies on dynamic require() calls influenced by external manifests or configuration, which could be manipulated if inputs are malicious. Reflection functions parse function source code to determine dependencies, which is standard but could be exploited if functions are injected maliciously. No network activity, data exfiltration, or obfuscated code are present. The malware score is correctly set to 0, as no active malicious behavior is detected. The obfuscated score is 0, consistent with the clear, readable code. The security risk score ranges from 0.2 to 0.4, reflecting potential supply chain or external input manipulation risks, but no active exploits are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured dependency injection and utility framework. While reliance on dynamic require() and reflection parsing introduces potential supply chain risks if external inputs are untrusted, there is no evidence of active malicious activity, sabotage, or malware. The scores are appropriate and consistent with the code's characteristics. Proper validation and sanitization of external inputs would mitigate potential exploitation risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}