{
  "purpose": "The provided code appears to be a collection of JavaScript modules used for dependency injection, testing, utility functions, and application scaffolding within a larger framework or application environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads input and data primarily from function parameters, module require statements, and configuration objects. It also reads environment variables via process.env and system paths via require('path').resolve.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include dynamic code execution via Function constructors, eval-like behaviors, or indirect code evaluation, but explicit eval or similar functions are not present. Data from dependencies or configuration are injected or returned without evident direct data leaks or network communication.",
  "flows": "No evident source-to-sink malicious data flows. Data dependencies are managed internally within the dependency injection container, and no external network connections or data exfiltration points are found.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive utility functions, dependency management, and framework scaffolding that are typical in modular JavaScript frameworks. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code is large and complex but appears to follow standard modular patterns. No use of obfuscated or minified code, no suspicious code injections, no network communications, or cryptomining activities detected.",
  "analysis": "The code constitutes a modular JavaScript framework for dependency injection, reflection, and application structuring. It includes modules for promise handling, dependency graph management, reflection, and utility functions. It does not contain any code that performs network activity, system modification, or other malicious actions. The only potentially risky parts involve dynamic function creation and dependency resolution, but these are standard in DI frameworks. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are identified. Overall, the code appears benign and aligned with legitimate framework use.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate modular framework for dependency injection and utility functions, with no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It does not include network communication, data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious privacy violations. The code appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}