{
  "purpose": "This code is an auto-generated factory class for interacting with a specific Ethereum smart contract (TokenFeeDetector). It provides methods to create an interface and connect to deployed contract instances, facilitating token fee validation functions.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the static ABI definition and the connection parameters (address, signer or provider). It does not process external user input or network data within the code itself.",
  "sinks": "The code's primary function is to establish a connection to a smart contract; it does not contain sinks that handle untrusted data or perform data leaks. It merely facilitates contract interaction.",
  "flows": "There are no dynamic data flows or source-to-sink paths within this static code. It serves as a static interface for contract calls, with no runtime data processing.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code is straightforward, auto-generated boilerplate for contract interaction.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard ethers.js factory class generated for a specific smart contract ABI. It includes static ABI data, methods to create an interface, and connect to deployed contracts. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious payloads, or dynamic code execution. The ABI describes typical functions and error types related to token fee validation. The code does not process external inputs beyond connection parameters, nor does it perform network activity or data leaks. All indicators point to benign, boilerplate code intended for safe contract interaction.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, auto-generated contract factory with no malicious intent, obfuscation, or security issues. The scores for malware and obfuscation are correctly set to 0. The security risk is minimal, reflecting the code's static and infrastructural nature. Overall, it is safe for deployment and use within its intended context.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}