{
  "purpose": "The code extends a VirtualGrid class to handle geospatial data layers, perform data fetching, caching, and map interactions for a web mapping application.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include fetch responses from the specified URL, map bounds, and features from the fetch requests. External inputs may come from event triggers and function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Network requests (fetch) sending data and queries, DOM manipulations through layer creation, and map layer modifications.",
  "flows": "User actions and map events trigger data requests; data fetched from remote server flows into cache and map layers; internal methods process and display data, updating cache and map layers accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code uses standard data fetching and layer management methods. No obfuscated code, no unusual dynamic code execution, or misleading variable names are detected. Import of 'http-response-class' is unusual but harmless if properly used for response handling. The code is focused on geospatial data management without evident malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages map layers, fetches features from an external server, caches data, and responds to map events. It constructs geojson queries with spatial filters and time ranges, and sends POST requests with JSON bodies. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. The fetch method handles responses securely, checking for success status. No suspicious network domains or data exfiltration logic is present. External libraries appear appropriate for mapping and response handling. Overall, the code performs legitimate data management for a mapping application without signs of malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a geospatial data layer handler with map interaction features. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It adheres to expected patterns for such applications, with no suspicious or harmful code detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}