{
  "purpose": "The source code defines modules and classes related to drawing and rendering shapes such as pie charts and rings on a canvas, primarily for visualization purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from method parameters such as 'data', 'label', 'percentage', 'options', and 'text'. It also accesses properties of DOM elements, specifically a canvas element, for rendering graphics.",
  "sinks": "Rendering graphics on a canvas element; no direct data output or external network operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., 'data', 'label') flow through rendering functions that draw visual elements (arcs, lines, text) on the canvas context; no external sinks or data leaks are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive boilerplate, minified-like structure, and some redundant or overly complex functions (e.g., deep copying, object validation). No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are apparent. No external network calls, file operations, or reverse shells are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a modular system for rendering pie and ring charts on a canvas, with functions for converting angles, deep copying objects, and creating complex visual effects. It utilizes requestAnimationFrame for animations and dynamically draws on the canvas. The code is structured with classes, inheritance, and utility functions. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network communication, or hidden backdoors. The usage of drawing APIs and data handling appears legitimate for visualization purposes. The code appears obfuscated in style but not intentionally malicious.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a visualization library for drawing pie and ring charts on HTML5 canvas. It does not exhibit malicious intent, nor does it perform any suspicious operations like data theft, network requests, or system manipulation. The complexity and minified style are typical of production JavaScript libraries but do not indicate malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}