{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions and constants for managing font files in a build process, specifically for generating font file paths, listing font files, and defining font source formats.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options passed to functions, such as 'dest', 'fontFilename', and 'types'. It also reads from the filesystem via 'glob.sync' to list font files.",
  "sinks": "The 'glob.sync' function reads filesystem data, which could potentially be manipulated if input options are untrusted. Path joins ('path.join') are used to generate file paths, which are generally safe but depend on input validation.",
  "flows": "Input options ('o') flow into 'glob.sync' and 'path.join' functions to produce file lists and paths. No untrusted external data from network or user input is processed beyond filesystem and path operations.",
  "anomalies": "There are no unusual code constructs, hardcoded secrets, or dynamic code execution. The code is straightforward utility functions. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines constants and configuration objects for font formats and source rules. It includes functions to list font files in a directory matching specified types and to generate font paths based on options. Usage of 'glob.sync' is for filesystem enumeration, and 'path.join' is for path construction, both standard and safe. No input validation issues or security-sensitive operations are detected. The code does not process or execute untrusted data in a way that could lead to malicious behavior. It appears to be standard build utility code with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility module for font file management within a build process. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It simply provides configuration constants and filesystem functions for use in larger build scripts.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}