{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions to execute multiple asynchronous tasks with concurrency control and retry logic.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'tasks' array parameter passed to runAll, and from the functions within tasks, which are expected to return promises.",
  "sinks": "Results from the promises are stored in the 'values' array, and final aggregated results are resolved or rejected through Promise handlers.",
  "flows": "Input tasks are wrapped with retry logic, then executed with controlled concurrency. Results flow from individual task executions back into the 'values' array, and the completion status determines Promise resolution or rejection.",
  "anomalies": "The code employs standard patterns for retries and concurrent task execution; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data handling is evident. No obfuscation or unusual language features are present. No dynamic code execution or network activity is visible.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a helper function '_wrapperPromiseWithRetry' for retrying a promise-returning function up to a specified number of times. The main function 'runAll' manages multiple tasks, executing up to 'maxConcurrent' tasks at once, with retries handled via the wrapper. The function tracks completed tasks, manages concurrency via a 'pos' index, and resolves or rejects the main promise based on overall success. All logic appears to be standard, focusing on concurrency and retries without any hidden behaviors or malicious code. There are no evident data leaks, network activity, or backdoors. The code's structure and logic are consistent with typical task runners and do not suggest malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard asynchronous task executor with retry and concurrency control features. There are no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks within this code. It appears to be a benign utility implementation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}