{
  "purpose": "The script automates the download and installation of prebuilt binary files for different platforms and architectures, primarily for the iohook package, to facilitate platform-specific native module setup.",
  "sources": "Reading environment variables (npm_config_targets, npm_config_platforms, npm_config_arches), package.json (supportedTargets, version), and the filesystem (os.tmpdir(), current directory).",
  "sinks": "Downloading from GitHub (nugget), extracting files to local build directories, logging to console, and handling errors.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence target selection; install function fetches binaries from GitHub based on platform/architecture; downloaded data flows through streams into extraction; logs and errors are output to the console.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or backdoors. Usage of external modules like nugget and fs is standard. The code constructs URLs dynamically based on package version and system info, which is expected. The only potential concern is the dynamic construction of download URLs and environment variable influence, but these are typical in build scripts.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard platform-specific binary downloads using known modules and processes, with error handling and environment variable configurations. No obfuscated code or unusual patterns are present. The download URLs are constructed from package info and system parameters, which is common. No data leaks, code injection, or malicious behaviors are evident. The use of external modules is standard and doesn't introduce malicious intent. The overall flow appears legitimate, focusing on automated binary retrieval and extraction for a native module.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical build automation script for downloading prebuilt binaries tailored to specific platforms and architectures. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this code. It employs standard practices for dynamic URL construction, environment configuration, and filesystem operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}