{
  "purpose": "This code modifies CSS declarations related to border styling, particularly for small border widths, to ensure compatibility across Android devices.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'decl' parameter (a CSS declaration object), specifically 'decl.value' and 'decl.parent'.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies the CSS rule set by appending new rules to the parent node, including cloned declarations and rule objects. It creates new CSS rules with properties like 'content', 'position', 'top', 'left', 'width', 'height', 'transform', and 'border' styles.",
  "flows": "The code reads 'decl.value', parses border width, and based on conditions, it modifies the CSS rule tree by appending cloned and new CSS rule objects with style adjustments.",
  "anomalies": "The code relies on a 'multiply' function imported from './util' but does not reveal its implementation. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obfuscated or malicious code structures detected. The code operates purely on CSS manipulation logic without external data fetching or network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a CSS preprocessor utility that adjusts small border widths for better Android support. It reads CSS declaration data ('decl.value'), parses units, and conditionally manipulates the CSS rule tree ('parent' and 'clone' objects). It creates pseudo-elements with scaled borders for thin borders. No suspicious network or file system activity is present. The only external dependency is './util' for the 'multiply' function, which is used for doubling border-radius values, a benign purpose. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data theft, backdoors, or harmful code execution. The logic is straightforward and purpose-specific, with no evidence of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a CSS manipulation utility designed to fix small border issues on Android devices. It contains no malicious or suspicious behavior, relies on standard CSS processing logic, and does not perform any network or system modifications. The security risk is minimal, and the code appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}