{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript module for interacting with a Raiden network node via RPC, providing functions for managing channels, tokens, transfers, and events.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters (addresses, amounts, options), environment variables are not used, and external requests are made via request-promise-any. No user input is directly taken within the code.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests to the node's API endpoints, especially functions like customRequest, which send data such as addresses, amounts, and transaction commands. Data flows from input parameters to API calls.",
  "flows": "Input parameters such as addresses and amounts are validated and then used in API request options. Functions like openChannel, deposit, sendTokens, and makeTokenSwap create request bodies that include user-supplied data and send them over HTTP.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscated code. The code uses standard validation for addresses and amounts. No unusual code patterns or dynamic code execution are present. No network connections other than to the Raiden node are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard API wrapper for the Raiden network, with proper validation functions for addresses and amounts. All functions perform expected API interactions without executing any external or system commands. No signs of malware such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or hidden network activity are present. It strictly facilitates communication with a Raiden node, using predictable request flows. There are no suspicious or malicious code snippets, no hardcoded secrets, and no dynamic code execution. The code structure and usage are consistent with standard API client libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate client library for managing Raiden network operations. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. It performs typical API interactions with proper validation, without any indicators of malicious intent or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}