{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Vite plugin for generating and serving sitemap.xml and robots.txt files dynamically during development and build processes for a web project.",
  "sources": "Data is read from configuration options, environment variables, and file system changes (pages directory). The code reads environment variables like NODE_ENV and process.env for runtime environment.",
  "sinks": "Generated sitemap and robots.txt content are served over HTTP responses; files are written to disk during build. Environment variables are checked before writing files.",
  "flows": "Configuration options (including baseUrl and environment variables) influence content generation and writing to disk. Changes in the 'pages' directory trigger content updates, which then affect server responses and file outputs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external connections are present. The code uses environment variables and configuration options safely. No unusual code patterns, obfuscation, or dynamic code execution are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard plugin setup that manages sitemap and robots.txt files dynamically. It reads configuration options and environment variables to control behavior. Content generation functions are called asynchronously and are served via middleware or written to disk at build time. The environment variable check ensures that in production, baseUrl must be defined, preventing potential misconfigurations. There are no signs of malicious code, data exfiltration, or suspicious external interactions. The code is straightforward and adheres to common patterns for such plugins.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a sitemap and robots.txt generator plugin with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It handles data securely, with no hardcoded secrets or suspicious external calls. The environment variable check for production is a prudent safety measure. Overall, the code is safe and compliant with security expectations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}