{
  "purpose": "This code initializes and manages an interactive Google Map with custom markers and info boxes, primarily for displaying location data with optional filtering and auto-centering features.",
  "sources": "Reads include the 'items' parameter (location data), environment variables like 'apos.data.prefix', DOM elements with IDs, and script sources added dynamically.",
  "sinks": "Uses Google Maps API, dynamically added script sources, DOM manipulation for info boxes, and triggers map interactions such as clicks and filters.",
  "flows": "Source data (items, environment variables, DOM inputs) flow into geocoding, marker generation, info box creation, and map adjustments. User interactions trigger info box activations and filter events, which modify marker visibility and map view.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials within the code. The API key is exposed in the script URL, which is common but potentially risky if misused. No obfuscated code or unusual language features detected. Use of global functions and dynamic script loading is standard for such map modules.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically loads Google Maps and auxiliary libraries, handles geocoding, marker creation, and filtering. It dynamically injects script tags, manages map state, and responds to user events. No malicious payloads or behaviors like data exfiltration, reverse shells, or suspicious network activity are present. The Google API key is visible but is typical for such integrations; its misuse depends on external controls. The script functions are well-scoped and do not perform actions outside map management. Overall, the code appears to be a standard map module without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript module is a typical implementation for displaying a Google Map with custom markers, info boxes, and filtering. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. The API key's exposure should be noted, but it is standard practice. No signs of malware, backdoors, or security risks are detected within this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}