{
  "purpose": "Initialize and display a Google Map with markers, geocoding, info boxes, and filtering capabilities.",
  "sources": "Input data items, map options, external script URLs, address geocoding results, user interactions",
  "sinks": "Markers and info boxes on the map, network requests for scripts and geocoding, DOM updates for info boxes",
  "flows": "Data flows from items to markers and info boxes; user interactions trigger info box activation; external scripts load asynchronously and initialize Google Maps",
  "anomalies": "Presence of a hardcoded Google Maps API key in the script URL; no obfuscation or malicious code detected",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a Google Maps module with dynamic script loading, geocoding, marker creation, info box management, and filtering. It loads external scripts from trusted sources, geocodes addresses if needed, and manages user interactions to display info boxes. No malicious patterns, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The only notable security concern is the embedded API key in the script URL, which is common in client-side integrations but should be managed securely via restricted API keys or environment variables. The malware score is 0, as there is no evidence of malicious activity. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and well-structured. The security risk score is approximately 0.2-0.3, primarily due to the API key exposure, which is a standard practice but warrants proper management. Overall, the code is benign with a minor security concern regarding API key exposure.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical, well-structured Google Maps implementation with no signs of malicious behavior or obfuscation. The main security consideration is the exposure of the API key in the script URL, which should be managed securely. The malware and obfuscation scores are correctly set to 0. The security risk score could be slightly increased to around 0.4-0.5 if considering the API key exposure as a potential vector, but given the context, 0.2-0.3 remains appropriate. Overall, the code is low risk and safe to use with proper API key management.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}