{
  "purpose": "CLI utility that loads a configuration file dynamically, runs a bundle check, and outputs the result.",
  "sources": "User input for config file path, specifically the argument '--configfile' or '-cf'.",
  "sinks": "Dynamic import of the configuration file, which executes the code within that file.",
  "flows": "User supplies config file path -> path.resolve() processes path -> import() executes config file code -> Bundlecheck instance uses config -> check results are output.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic import based on user input without explicit validation or sandboxing; reliance on the config file's safety.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward CLI wrapper that loads a configuration file dynamically, handles errors gracefully, and runs a check. The main security concern is the dynamic import of user-controlled files, which could execute malicious code if the file is crafted maliciously. However, the use of path.resolve mitigates directory traversal. No network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious code is evident. The imported config's content could be malicious if supplied by an attacker, but the code itself does not contain malicious behavior. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.1-0.4) are consistent with this assessment, with the highest risk (0.4) justified by the potential for malicious config files. Overall, the code is safe in its current form, assuming controlled environment and trusted configs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard CLI utility with minimal security concerns. The primary risk stems from dynamic import of untrusted configuration files, which could execute malicious code if supplied. No malware or obfuscation is present. The risk score of approximately 0.2-0.4 reflects this potential, but the implementation mitigates some risks. Overall, the code is safe, and the current scores are appropriate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}