{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and functions for creating and rendering vector-based floral graphics using SVG elements and canvas. It includes methods for generating geometric shapes, gradients, shadows, and animations of flowers with petals and centers, primarily for visual display purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads include input parameters for shape geometries, configurations for gradients, colors, and SVG element attributes, as well as DOM elements and events such as wheel scrolling for zooming.",
  "sinks": "Uses DOM manipulation to create SVG and SVG child elements, appends filters, gradients, and shapes, and serializes SVG data for export. Event listeners modify SVG attributes based on user interactions.",
  "flows": "User interaction via wheel event modifies viewBox for zoom. Configuration inputs influence SVG element creation, styling, and gradient/shadow filters. Export functions serialize SVG or generate data URLs for images.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity present. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code. No hidden behaviors or privacy leaks identified. Code structure is standard for SVG generation.",
  "analysis": "The code is well-structured, defining geometric classes for points and paths, and functions for creating SVG elements, gradients, shadows, and rendering logic. It performs geometric calculations for flower petal and center placement, applies SVG filters for shadows, and manages dynamic SVG updates for size, style, and export. The event listener adds user interaction for zooming via wheel event, adjusting viewBox accordingly. No external network calls, eval usage, or suspicious behavior detected. All data flows appear to be related to SVG graphic generation and export, with no indication of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate library for generating vector floral graphics with SVG, supporting customization and export. It contains no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The functions are standard for graphics rendering, with no evidence of data leakage, sabotage, or hidden network activity.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}