{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for precise arithmetic operations, event handling (debounce and throttle), type detection, URL parameter parsing, and platform detection for web environments.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input parameters of functions (e.g., numeric inputs, function arguments, URL strings, window.navigator, and environment variables).",
  "sinks": "Outputs include return values of arithmetic functions, platform detection objects, and event handlers that could potentially affect UI behavior.",
  "flows": "Inputs from parameters and environment data are processed within functions and returned or used for conditional logic. No data flows directly from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks such as network or system modifications.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard utility functions. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code execution. No obfuscated code or unusual variable naming. No signs of data exfiltration or malicious network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for precise decimal arithmetic (accAdd, accDiv, accMul, accSubtr), event handling (debounce, throttle), type detection (getRawType), URL parameter parsing (getUrlParam), and platform detection (platformType). All functions operate on input parameters and local variables without interacting with external or sensitive data sources. The logic appears straightforward and consistent with common utility functions. There are no dynamic code executions, eval calls, or network communications embedded. The code does not handle sensitive data, nor does it include any suspicious or malicious constructs. It is highly likely to be benign utility code intended for cross-platform web applications.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of standard utility functions with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It does not contain malware or security risks. The functions are typical, well-structured, and do not perform any harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}