{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a module that exports various components, constants, hooks, and utilities related to a GraphGL visualization library, facilitating their use in other parts of an application.",
  "sources": "Reads from imported modules such as './GraphGL', './constant', './utils', './layouts', './extensions', './hooks', './components', './registry/register', and './typings'. No direct user input or external data sources are processed in this code.",
  "sinks": "Exports various components and functions to be used externally. No sinks process untrusted data or perform sensitive operations within this snippet.",
  "flows": "The code primarily re-exports imported modules and properties, establishing source-to-export paths. There are no data flows involving untrusted input within this code segment.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains helper functions (_interopRequireWildcard, _interopRequireDefault) for module compatibility, and complex property definitions, but nothing inherently unusual or suspicious. The code is structured and formatted consistently with module export patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard JavaScript module that uses CommonJS/ES module interop techniques to export components, constants, hooks, and utilities. It includes multiple import and export statements, as well as helper functions for module compatibility. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are present. The code does not process or handle untrusted input, nor does it perform any network operations or system modifications. The presence of helper functions and dynamic property definitions is typical in transpiled or bundled modules.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical module setup for a JavaScript library, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It merely re-exports components and constants for external use. There are no suspicious behaviors, no data leaks, no hardcoded credentials, and no evidence of malware.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}