{
  "purpose": "Configure Karma test runner with custom launchers and proxies for cross-browser testing using SauceLabs and local files.",
  "sources": "Environment variables 'SAUCE_USERNAME' and 'SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY' for conditional setup, and static configuration data within the script.",
  "sinks": "No evident sinks for untrusted data leading to security vulnerabilities; proxies serve static files, and environment variables are used for configuration.",
  "flows": "Conditional logic based on environment variables influences the 'slLaunchers' setup, which then defines custom launchers. No dynamic data flows from user input or untrusted sources into security-sensitive operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically defines browser configurations for SauceLabs, based on environment variables, which is standard. No hardcoded credentials are present, and no suspicious or obfuscated code is detected. The only dynamic aspect is the use of environment variables for external service credentials, which is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily sets up Karma configuration with multiple browser launchers for testing. It conditionally includes SauceLabs browser configurations based on the presence of environment variables 'SAUCE_USERNAME' and 'SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY'. The rest of the configuration involves static definitions for files, proxies, and test settings. No user input, external data parsing, or untrusted data flows into critical security-sensitive operations. The environment variables are used for configuration purposes only and are not processed in a malicious or insecure manner. No obfuscated code, malicious network connections, or suspicious code segments are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard Karma configuration for cross-browser testing with SauceLabs and local files. It does not contain any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It correctly uses environment variables for sensitive configuration, and there are no signs of malicious intent or security threats.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}