{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component that renders a graphical chart (partogram) using HTML canvas elements, for visualizing data over time, with interaction capabilities such as showing details on click events.",
  "sources": "Data is received through props (data), and user interactions like clicks are registered on the canvas elements; internal data processing occurs within methods like render, printline, and showevent.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leakage could occur if untrusted data influences visual content, but there are no direct outputs or network requests; no apparent sinks for untrusted data besides rendering graphics.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props into the DrawPartogram class via render, then into printline for visualization; user interactions can trigger showevent to display text overlays. No external network or system calls are present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code. The code uses standard JavaScript features for drawing on canvas. No obfuscation, no dynamic code execution, or hidden behaviors observed. Event handling is minimal and safe.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a React component that initializes a drawing class to render a chart on two canvases. It calculates layout dimensions, draws grid lines, rules, and plot data points with visual markers. Methods are used for drawing shapes, text, and converting times. No network requests, eval, or dynamic code execution are present. The code appears to follow typical patterns for HTML5 canvas-based visualizations, with no suspicious or malicious logic. The use of event listeners and rendering functions is standard. The only noteworthy aspect is the potential for visual data leakage if the input data is maliciously crafted, but it does not involve network or system manipulation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React-based visualization component that renders a partogram chart with no evidence of malicious intent or harmful behavior. It primarily involves drawing on HTML canvas elements with standard JavaScript techniques. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. Overall, the code appears safe from supply chain or runtime malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}