{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Prefixer class for processing CSS nodes to add vendor prefixes based on node types and properties, including cloning and manipulation functions.",
  "sources": "External modules ('./browsers', './utils', './vendor'), function parameters, and object properties within the class methods such as 'node', 'prefixes', and 'overrides'.",
  "sinks": "Potential modification or cloning of CSS AST nodes, especially in 'clone', 'clone', and 'process' methods, which could affect CSS structure or contain injected data if malicious code exists in input nodes.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from 'node' objects through 'parentPrefix', 'clone', and 'process' methods, where prefixes are determined and applied, and nodes are cloned or modified accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious network activities. The code performs standard AST node processing and prefixing logic. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or external network calls. The 'clone' method handles deep copying of objects, avoiding obvious obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a class for prefixing CSS AST nodes, with methods for cloning, prefix detection, and node processing. It relies on external modules for browser support ('Browsers'), vendor prefixing ('vendor'), and utility functions ('utils'). The functions appear standard for a CSS prefixing tool, and no suspicious or malicious logic is evident. It manipulates objects and node trees in a straightforward manner. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful network activities. The code does handle data (CSS nodes), but in a typical manner consistent with prefixing operations. No obfuscated code, hidden scripts, or network connections are present.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard CSS prefixing utility with no malicious intent or security risks. It processes CSS AST nodes for prefixing without suspicious or malicious behavior. The logic is straightforward, and no anomalies or malware indications are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}