{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Prefixer class used for processing CSS-like nodes to add vendor prefixes based on parent context and rules. It includes cloning, caching, and prefix detection functionalities.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from node objects passed to methods like process and clone, and from imported modules './browsers', './utils', './vendor'. It does not appear to take external input streams or user input.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks could be the manipulation of node objects and adding prefixes. No direct output of untrusted data or network operations occurs here. It modifies objects in memory, primarily for CSS processing.",
  "flows": "Input nodes are processed via parentPrefix and process methods, which clone nodes and add prefixes. Data flows from input node objects through prefix detection and node cloning, culminating in the modification of node objects by adding prefixes.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or unusual code constructs are present. The code uses straightforward recursive cloning and prefix logic. No suspicious network or file operations are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for deep cloning objects and a Prefixer class for adding vendor prefixes to CSS-like nodes. Cloning functions handle nested objects and arrays carefully, avoiding cloning specific properties. The Prefixer class determines vendor prefixes based on node types, properties, and parent nodes, and adds prefixes accordingly. No external inputs are taken beyond node objects, and no outputs are sent over the network or written to files. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. The code is purely for CSS prefixing logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a CSS prefixing utility with no malicious intent. It manipulates in-memory objects to add vendor prefixes, with no evidence of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}