{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for performing web searches, image searches, and suggestions using Bing, scraping results from HTML responses, and handling pagination.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include user-provided query parameters, optional options objects, and external URLs. Data read includes query parameters, headers, cookies, and response bodies from HTTP requests.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests made via 'got' with dynamic URLs and headers; parsing and processing of HTML content; possible transmission of user data via HTTP headers and request URLs.",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> HTTP request construction -> HTTP request -> response body parsing -> data extraction and formatting -> callback invocation.",
  "anomalies": "None of the code contains obfuscated patterns, hardcoded secrets, or unusual code constructs. The code handles user inputs and external URLs straightforwardly.",
  "analysis": "The code performs HTTP requests to Bing endpoints, with user-supplied parameters for queries, URLs, cookies, and headers. It uses cheerio for HTML parsing, extracting search results, images, suggestions, and other data. No signs of code injection, malicious network communication, or backdoors are present. Data leakage risks are limited to passing user-provided headers, URLs, and cookies, which are used in request headers without modification. The functions utilize callbacks and recursion for pagination, which is standard. No dynamic code execution or suspicious code segments are detected. External dependencies ('got', 'cheerio', './utils') are typical and not inherently malicious. Overall, the script is designed for web scraping/search, with no malicious behavior apparent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard web scraping and search result parsing module for Bing, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It responsibly handles user inputs and makes HTTP requests to fetch and parse search data. No signs of malware or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}