{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to perform web searches, image searches, and suggestions by scraping Bing search engine results and related data, handling cookies and request headers for web scraping tasks.",
  "sources": "Reads input from function parameters such as query objects, URLs, cookies, and user agent strings. Uses hardcoded URLs for Bing and reads response headers, HTML content, and embedded JSON from web responses.",
  "sinks": "Sends HTTP requests via 'got'. Parses and processes HTML responses with cheerio. Does not directly write to files or perform network data exfiltration. Utilizes response data for constructing result objects, including potential redirection URLs and embedded JSON.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (queries, URLs, cookies) flow into HTTP request construction, influencing request headers and URLs. Responses are parsed with cheerio, extracting data that flows into result objects. The data may lead to subsequent requests for paginated results, creating a source-to-sink chain during repeated scraping.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution. Usage of dynamic URLs and parsing embedded JSON, but this is consistent with web scraping. No indications of malicious backdoors, data leaks, or unauthorized system actions. Error handling is minimal but not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code performs web scraping of Bing search and image results, constructing requests with configurable headers and cookies. It parses HTML and embedded JSON data to extract search results, images, suggestions, and related data. It manages pagination via recursive functions that invoke further requests. No code suggests data exfiltration, system modification, or malicious network activity. Potential concerns include reliance on response structure, but this is typical for scraping. No secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The overall design is typical for a scraping utility, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate web scraper for Bing search engine results, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not include any harmful or covert activities, only data extraction and pagination logic. Security risks are minimal, primarily related to potential misconfiguration or misuse, but no malicious intent is apparent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}