{
  "purpose": "Provides functions to perform Bing search, image search, and suggestions by scraping Bing search result pages and APIs.",
  "sources": "Reads input from function arguments (query objects, options, URLs), and makes HTTP requests to Bing endpoints.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request responses, cheerio DOM parsing, and callback functions. Potential data leaks could occur if sensitive data is mishandled, but none appears evident.",
  "flows": "User inputs (queries, options) are used to construct URLs and headers; HTTP responses are parsed with cheerio; results are accumulated and returned via callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or unusual language features. No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No suspicious dynamic code execution observed. The code uses standard modules and patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code performs web scraping of Bing search and image results. It constructs URLs based on user input, sets headers including user-agent and cookies, and processes HTML responses to extract data. The functions do not execute or include any code injection, system modification, or data exfiltration. They solely scrape publicly available web content and handle data within the application scope. No backdoors, hidden network connections, or malicious behavior are evident. The code does use user input to build URLs and headers, but this is standard for web scraping and does not constitute malicious behavior. The code’s structure is consistent, with no signs of obfuscation or malware. The scraping functions depend on the 'utils' module, but no suspicious activities are detectable from the provided code. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate Bing scraper implementation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript module implements Bing search and image scraping functionality in a standard manner. It does not exhibit any signs of malware, sabotage, or malicious behavior. The design is consistent with typical web scraping tools, and no security risks are identified within this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}