{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to perform web scraping of Bing search results, image search, suggestions, and related navigation links, returning structured data about search results and related content.",
  "sources": "Inputs are primarily user-provided search queries, URLs, optional cookies, user agents, and other request parameters. Data is read from these inputs when constructing requests and from HTTP response headers and HTML content during scraping.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data (e.g., cookies, user queries, URLs) are used directly in HTTP headers and URL constructions. Parsed response data is processed and returned, but no direct sinks like system commands or file writes are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (queries, cookies, URLs) flow into request construction; responses are fetched and parsed with cheerio; data is extracted and assembled into result objects; potentially paginated requests follow. No dangerous flows like command execution are detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive HTML parsing without validation of content; it constructs URLs directly from user inputs, but these are URL-encoded or constructed in a standard way. No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors (such as data exfiltration or system commands) are evident. Usage of 'console.log' for errors is benign. No obfuscation or unusual language features observed.",
  "analysis": "The code conducts standard HTTP requests to Bing with user-defined or default parameters, then parses HTML content to extract search results, images, suggestions, and navigation links. It uses cheerio for DOM traversal, utils for text normalization, and handles pagination by recursive calls. There is no evidence of malicious code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors. Construction of URLs from user input is handled carefully with encodeURIComponent where appropriate. Response handling and HTML parsing appear standard. The absence of dynamic code execution or system commands reduces malware risk. Error handling is limited to callbacks and console logs, which is typical. Overall, the code performs typical web scraping functions with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Bing search scraper and suggestion fetcher with no signs of malicious behavior. It handles user inputs securely for URL construction and parsing content without executing code or leaking data outside the functions. There is a low likelihood of malware or malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}