{
  "purpose": "Defines a Fraction class with mathematical operations and a factory function for creating instances, along with a static method for generating random numbers. It aims to perform precise numeric calculations and mathematical transformations.",
  "sources": "Reads input numeric values via constructor parameter, method arguments (e.g., add, subtract, divide, multiply, etc.), and environment detection (window object).",
  "sinks": "Performs mathematical functions that process these inputs and modify internal state; no external data output, no network operations, no system modifications.",
  "flows": "Input data is passed through checkNumber(), then processed via mathematical operations, often transforming the internal value property. The static random() function generates random numbers based on input parameters.",
  "anomalies": "The class inherits from Math via Object.setPrototypeOf, which is unusual and potentially risky, as it exposes Math's methods directly on Fraction. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are detected. The code handles numeric data with extensive mathematical functions, but this is typical for such a utility class.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a comprehensive mathematical utility class with numerous functions that modify an internal value. It includes input validation, algebraic conversions, and advanced math functions. The inheritance from Math via Object.setPrototypeOf is unconventional and could be misused to access Math methods directly, potentially leading to unexpected behaviors if misused, but does not appear malicious. The static random method safely generates random numbers within specified bounds, with proper validation. No network operations, data exfiltration, or malicious code are present. No obfuscation or malware signatures are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical utility class with extensive functionality. The inheritance from Math is unusual but not malicious. No malicious behavior or supply chain attacks are evident. It appears to be a standard, albeit complex, mathematical utility implementation without security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}