{
  "purpose": "This code provides an image cropping component for React applications, allowing users to upload and crop images with zoom and rotation controls, and then export the processed image.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include uploaded image files via the file input (beforeUpload), and media loaded events (onMediaLoaded). It reads image files and user inputs (zoom, rotate).",
  "sinks": "Data is processed within canvas elements for cropping; the final image Blob is created and passed to callback functions (resolveRef, rejectRef). No network transmission or file system access observed.",
  "flows": "Upload input (beforeUpload) triggers reading of image files via FileReader; image data is loaded and displayed; user manipulates crop, zoom, rotate; on confirmation, canvas draws the image, creates a Blob, and passes it to callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors detected. All functions perform expected image processing tasks. External dependencies are standard React and cropping libraries. CSS injection appears benign, only styling purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a React-based image cropper with upload handling, crop calculations, and final image export via canvas. The upload process reads image files and prepares them for cropping; user interactions modify crop parameters. On confirmation, the image is processed, rotated, and cropped on a canvas, then converted to a Blob and passed to callback functions. The CSS injection merely adds styles for the modal and controls. No network activity, system modification, or suspicious dynamic code execution is present. The usage of third-party libraries is standard and safe. No signs of malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, hidden network connections, or backdoors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard React image cropping component with no apparent malicious intent or security risks. It handles user-uploaded images securely within the scope of client-side processing. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}