{
  "purpose": "The code implements an image cropping component for React applications, allowing users to upload, crop, zoom, and rotate images, then save or process the cropped result.",
  "sources": "Reads image files from input elements, reads properties from uploaded files, accesses DOM elements for images and canvases for image processing.",
  "sinks": "Creates canvas elements and converts images to blobs/files, calls resolve/reject functions for upload process, manipulates DOM elements for image display and processing.",
  "flows": "Input file selection triggers reading the image as data URL, which sets the source for cropping. Cropping actions update internal state. On confirm, the component processes the image on a canvas, then generates a blob or file for upload or further handling.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors detected. All operations are standard image processing tasks. No suspicious network activity or obfuscated code is present. Helper imports are typical Babel runtime helpers, and styling injection is benign.",
  "analysis": "The code uses React hooks and Babel helpers for image cropping functionality, including file reading, media loading, and canvas-based image manipulation. It includes standard UI controls for zoom and rotation, and handles image cropping and export. No signs of malicious behavior such as network exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden operations are observed. All code appears to serve legitimate image processing purposes with appropriate security considerations, such as handling file uploads carefully and processing images client-side. No hardcoded secrets, external network requests, or malicious code injections are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React-based image cropper component with no indicators of malicious intent. It performs expected image upload, cropping, and processing functions safely. The overall security risk is low, with no malicious or sabotage behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}