{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to compute different types of moving averages (simple, weighted, exponential) for numerical data, potentially for financial or statistical analysis.",
  "sources": "The primary data input is the 'data' array passed to the 'index' function, which is used throughout for calculations.",
  "sinks": "Results are stored in arrays 'ret' and 'avg'; no data is written to external systems, network, or files within this code.",
  "flows": "Data from the 'data' array flows into moving average computations and into the calculation of deviations (standard deviation). The 'index' function calls 'ma' and processes its output.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns are present. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or code that appears intended to cause harm or exfiltrate data. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or external network calls. The functions perform standard statistical calculations without side effects.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions to perform moving averages (simple, weighted, exponential). The 'ma' function computes a moving average with variable window size, handling edge cases gracefully. The 'index' function calculates standard deviation over a sliding window based on the mean from 'ma'. The code is straightforward, with no signs of malicious behavior. The functions operate purely on numeric arrays, and no external or sensitive data is accessed or transmitted. There are no indications of backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious code logic. Overall, the code appears to be standard statistical analysis functions without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of moving average calculations and standard deviation, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It functions as a statistical utility without external side effects or suspicious features.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}