{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WebGL-based IFC/wexBIM viewer, handling model loading, rendering, interaction, styling, and clipping. It parses binary data, manages GPU buffers and textures, and provides user interaction features such as object picking and camera control.",
  "sources": "Model data is loaded via URL, Blob, or File objects, read through XMLHttpRequest or FileReader, and parsed into buffers and textures for rendering.",
  "sinks": "The code performs standard rendering into GPU buffers and textures; no suspicious network activity or data exfiltration is present beyond model fetching. The off-screen framebuffer used for ID picking is a standard technique.",
  "flows": "Data flows from model source into binary parser, then into GPU buffers and textures. User interactions modify internal state, which is then rendered. ID picking reads pixel data from framebuffer to identify objects.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious behaviors detected. Shader code and data handling are standard. No obfuscation or hidden code segments are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured, documented WebGL IFC viewer. It uses standard APIs, shaders, and data parsing routines. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or obfuscation are evident. External references are licensing and support, not malicious code. The data flow is typical for such applications, with model loading, GPU buffer management, and user interaction handling. The security posture is high, with no malware or obfuscation signals. The scores are consistent: malware score 0, obfuscated score 0, risk score approximately 0.1-0.2, justified by the code's purpose and structure.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a legitimate, secure, and standard WebGL IFC model viewer. No malicious, backdoor, or obfuscated code signals are present. The high confidence and low scores are justified based on thorough analysis. It is safe for use in open-source or production environments.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.15,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}