{
  "purpose": "This code implements a mathematical interpolation system for keyframe animations, including vector operations, keyframe linking, and spline segment calculations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'frames' parameter during curve initialization, and potentially from any external data passed into the 'keyframes' function. No other external sources are explicitly read.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform any data output, network requests, or system modifications. It primarily calculates and returns interpolated points; no data leaks or external data transmission are evident.",
  "flows": "Input frames are processed during Curve instantiation, linked into keyframes, which then generate segments. Segments generate points via interpolation. No external untrusted data flows into or out of sensitive operations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or malicious constructs are present. The code uses standard mathematical operations and data structures. The comments and calculations relate strictly to spline interpolation logic.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for vector math, keyframe management, spline segments, and curve interpolation. It processes input frame data to generate smooth interpolated points. The logic appears consistent with animation or data visualization purposes, with no external network access, data exfiltration, or system manipulation code. The absence of external system calls, network requests, or file operations further suggests benign intent. The only notable aspect is the use of mathematical calculations for curve interpolation, which are standard and not suspicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of spline keyframe interpolation without any malicious behavior or security risks. It processes input data locally to produce interpolated points for animations or similar purposes. No malware or security threats are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}