{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to load and analyze game data for Factorio, providing functions to display available items, modules, fuels, belts, and simulate factory configurations and recipes.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the require statement for '@kgrech/factorio-calculator-core' and the game data object 'gameDataVanilla1119'. Data is retrieved via function calls such as getFuel, getItemGroups, getModules, and others, which read predefined game data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include console.log statements that output data, especially for the 'fuel', 'modules', 'items', 'belts', and 'configuration results'. There are no data leaks or untrusted data flows, as the data is static or predefined.",
  "flows": "Data flows from imported modules and predefined game data into variables like fuels, modules, items, etc. The code then processes and outputs this data; no untrusted external input influences the core logic or control flow.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns or anomalies detected. The code mainly involves data retrieval, formatting, and display. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors observed. The use of console.log for output is consistent with typical debugging or informational purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code imports game data and utility functions to process and display information related to the game 'Factorio'. It creates factory specifications, lists fuel types, modules, and items, and performs factory configuration calculations. The code's logic appears straightforward, with no dynamic code execution, obfuscated parts, or external input handling that could be malicious. The only potential concern is the console.log outputs, which are benign in this context.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a data processing and display script for game data, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It reads predefined static data, processes it, and outputs information for user inspection. No malware, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities are evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}