{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a utility script for calculating and displaying factory and item configurations for the game Factorio, utilizing a core library for calculations and data retrieval.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the '@kgrech/factorio-calculator-core' package, specifically functions and data related to game data, recipes, items, fuels, modules, and factories. It also reads user inputs for configuration such as item counts and recipe selection.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily outputs information via console logs; no untrusted data is written to external systems or files. No data is sent over the network or stored outside the script.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the imported package functions (sources) into variables for processing and display. User-configured targets are processed through the solver, which computes item rates and configurations. The flow remains within the script's local scope and processing functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward; it performs calculations and displays results without any hidden or suspicious code. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is detected.",
  "analysis": "The script loads game data and configuration options from a known open-source library, then performs calculations to determine factory setups, fuel types, modules, and item outputs. It uses provided APIs to retrieve item groups, belts, and other game-specific data, then outputs the data for user review. The process is consistent with typical usage of such a library, with no signs of malicious intent. The only external dependency is the open-source library, which is standard for such tools. There are no suspicious network calls, data leaks, or embedded malicious code. All operations are read-only or display-focused, with no data exfiltration or unauthorized actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for game configuration and calculation, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It simply retrieves data, performs calculations, and outputs results. No sensitive data or external communications are involved.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}