{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to calculate and display various aspects of a factory setup in the game Factorio, such as available items, recipes, fuels, modules, belt types, and to perform supply chain calculations for specific items.",
  "sources": "Reads data from imported modules (@kgrech/factorio-calculator-core), game data, and user-defined configurations. Also reads item and recipe data from functions like getItemGroups, getFuel, getModules, getBelts, and input parameters for configuration and solving.",
  "sinks": "Displays data via console.log. No untrusted data sinks or external network communication observed. No writing to files, environment variables, or sensitive data handling functions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from imported modules to internal variables (e.g., fuels, modules, items). User-defined configurations and commands influence the solver and display functions. No untrusted input flows into security-critical sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, such as dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hardcoded secrets. The code is straightforward, with clear data flow and no hidden or malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code imports known utility functions from an open-source module related to game calculations. It processes game data, displays static information about game elements, and performs calculations related to game mechanics (e.g., factory setup, resource rates). There is no evidence of data leakage, malicious network activity, or suspicious logic. The code is purely computational and display-oriented. No obfuscated or malicious code segments detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, serving as a utility for game setup calculations and display. It does not contain malware or security risks. It interacts only with local data and outputs to the console, with no indication of malicious intent or malicious payloads.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}