{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript module that exports a collection of React UI components, including icons, tables, buttons, forms, and layout elements, intended for use in a web application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from React props, component state, and the DOM (via document.querySelector, createElement, and other DOM APIs). It also reads window.navigator.userAgent and performance-related objects.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation, setting styles, classNames, innerHTML, attributes, and event handlers. Notably, the code sets innerHTML for style injection and creates React elements that could potentially be misused if malicious data is passed via props.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props and state into DOM attributes, style, className, and innerHTML, which could be exploited if untrusted data is passed to these components. No evident external network connections or data exfiltration routines are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network requests. It includes copyright notices and utility functions (e.g., classNames, icon definitions). No obfuscation or unusual dynamic code execution is present. The only noteworthy activity is the creation of inline SVG styles and icon handling, which is standard for icon libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a comprehensive React component library, including icon management, layout, form elements, and UI controls. It uses standard React patterns, dynamic class and style management, and DOM APIs for style injection. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data theft, system compromise, or external network communication is present. The code relies on safe React practices, with no indication of malicious intent or sabotage. The initial part checks for module loaders (CommonJS, AMD, global), which is typical for library modules. It manages icon styles, SVG rendering, and component composition securely.\n\nOverall, the code is consistent with a UI component library, with no signs of malware or security risks outside normal usage. The data flows are controlled and only originate from passed-in props, with no external data exfiltration routines observed.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a React UI component library with standard features, safe DOM manipulation, and no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It does not contain malware, suspicious network activity, or security flaws based on the provided code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}