{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to define and export a collection of React components and utilities, including icons, layout elements, and form controls, for use in a JavaScript/React application.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables, module imports (React), and DOM elements for configuration; it also processes icon data and component props.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulations, dynamic style injections, and network requests via imported or embedded modules (e.g., fetch or XMLHttpRequest).",
  "flows": "Data flows from environment variables and component props (sources) into React component rendering and style injection points (sinks). The code constructs SVG icons, styles, and component DOM structures based on input props.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive minified and obfuscated-like patterns with complex dynamic functions and data structures, but no clear malicious backdoors or hardcoded secrets are evident. There are no network calls or suspicious domain connections within this code fragment. The obfuscated parts appear to be related to icon data handling and CSS generation. No hidden system commands or data exfiltration routines are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of React component definitions, utility functions, and style management code. It uses standard React and JavaScript patterns, with complex minified structures for icon rendering and style generation. No external network requests, system file manipulations, or suspicious data leaks are observed. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malware-like behaviors such as system access, data theft, or covert channels. The obfuscation appears to be a byproduct of minification and complex component logic rather than malicious intent. Overall, the code seems to be a standard React component library with no malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React component library with complex minified patterns. No indicators of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware are detected. The security risk score is low, and the malware probability is minimal. The obfuscation is due to minification, not malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}