{
  "purpose": "This code provides React components for creating squircle shapes and masks, utilizing SVG and CSS masking techniques, intended for graphical UI elements.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from React props (e.g., props.image, props.width, props.height), environment variables (not present), and DOM measurements via hooks (useMeasure).",
  "sinks": "The SVG markup generated from props.image, and inline styles such as maskImage and WebkitMaskImage that could be sources of SVG or CSS injection if untrusted data is passed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input props into SVG elements and inline style attributes, specifically the maskImage style uses a data URI generated from SVG markup. This data URI can carry embedded SVG content.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code dynamically generates SVG paths and mask styles. No use of eval, new Function, or dynamic code execution. The use of require for 'react-dom/server' appears standard for server-side rendering. No external network connections or suspicious behaviors observed. The code relies on standard React and SVG techniques. No obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines React components that generate SVG-based shapes and masks, primarily for UI purposes. It uses 'react-use-measure' to measure element dimensions, and converts SVG elements into data URIs with 'mini-svg-data-uri'. The masking styles incorporate these data URIs. No external data is fetched or transmitted. The use of 'renderToStaticMarkup' is standard for server-side rendering, and all SVG and style generation appears safe and intended for graphical effects. No suspicious or malicious logic, backdoors, or malware features are present. The code handles shape creation and masking securely with no evident security flaws or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a safe React component library for creating and masking squircles. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It relies on standard React and SVG techniques and does not perform any network operations or sensitive data handling.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}