{
  "purpose": "The code provides React components for rendering SVG-based masks and shapes, specifically squircle shapes, with styling and measurement utilities.",
  "sources": "Reads data from component props (e.g., image, width, height, c, r1, r2, p1, p2), and internally uses functions like server.renderToStaticMarkup and svgToMiniDataURI to generate data URIs from SVG elements.",
  "sinks": "Generates style properties with maskImage URLs (potentially from SVG data URIs), and creates SVG elements with path data.",
  "flows": "SVG elements are rendered to static markup, converted to mini data URIs, which are then used as CSS mask images in React components.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to be straightforward, generating SVG masks with configurable parameters. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external communications are evident. Usage of internal functions and libraries seems standard. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines React components that create mask images from SVG paths, converts these to data URIs, and applies them as mask styles. It includes utility functions for path creation and measurement, but all operations involve standard React and SVG rendering. The functions and dependencies used (react, react-use-measure, react-dom/server, mini-svg-data-uri) are common in React-based projects. No external network calls, data leakage, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code does not handle sensitive data or perform any actions that could compromise security. Overall, it appears to be a benign, utility-focused library for SVG mask rendering.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a React utility library for rendering SVG-based squircles and masks. It uses common libraries and techniques without any signs of malicious intent or security risks. No malware, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities are detected. The code is safe for use in production.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}