{
  "purpose": "The provided code primarily consists of dynamically injected CSS styles and animations for various visual components, such as 3D models, tooltips, loading indicators, and decorative effects, designed for a React-based application. It does not include core application logic or data handling.",
  "sources": "The code loads styles through CSS-in-JS injection (pushes style strings into arrays), imports React modules, and references external icon/image URLs in some components. No direct user input or environment variable reads are evident. The CSS and keyframes are static and do not process external data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include dynamic style injection and image URL usage. No network requests, file operations, or system command executions are present. There are no indications of data leakage or insecure data handling from code flow analysis.",
  "flows": "No explicit source-to-sink data flows are identifiable. Style strings are statically injected, and image URLs are used as props or inline styles without data manipulation. No dynamic code execution or data flow from untrusted sources is visible.",
  "anomalies": "All code appears to be standard CSS-in-JS style injection for visual components. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are detected. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are present. The code primarily defines styles and animations without hidden logic.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically injects CSS styles for various animated effects, tooltips, and graphical components. It uses a consistent pattern of style array push operations and React component definitions. There is no indication of malicious intent such as network communications, system modifications, or data exfiltration. The CSS is static and standard, focusing on visual effects. No obfuscation or hidden code patterns are identified. The only notable point is that image URLs are included as props, which is normal for icon/image rendering.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of style definitions and React component structures aimed at rendering animated UI elements. It shows no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. The only potential concern is reliance on external URLs for images, but this is typical for icon components and not inherently malicious. Overall, the code appears safe and intended solely for styling and UI presentation.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}