{
  "purpose": "The provided code primarily consists of imported CSS-in-JS styles and React component definitions, likely for UI animations, visual effects, and layout components. Its main purpose appears to be front-end UI rendering and styling.",
  "sources": "CSS style definitions, React JSX components, and imported modules from dependencies (e.g., react, local style modules). No direct user input or external data sources are present within the code fragment.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulations, CSS style applications, and React component rendering. No evident insecure sinks such as direct eval, innerHTML with untrusted data, or network requests are present.",
  "flows": "The code sets styles via CSS-in-JS, React components use props and styles, with no data flow from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks. Visual and layout updates are driven by static styles and component rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code behavior detected. The CSS animations and components are typical for UI effects. No dynamic code execution, external network connections, or malicious code snippets are found.",
  "analysis": "The code is composed mainly of CSS animations and React components designed for UI visual effects, such as animations, tooltips, models, icons, and progress indicators. It uses CSS keyframes, variables, and component props to control visual states. No input validation, no network requests, and no dynamic code evaluation are present. The code appears to be purely for front-end presentation with standard patterns and no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of UI component styles and React components for visual effects, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It does not process untrusted data nor perform any security-sensitive operations. No malware behaviors or security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}