{
  "purpose": "The provided code appears to be a collection of CSS-in-JS style definitions and React component imports, primarily focusing on animations, UI styling, and layout components for a frontend application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules, such as React and CSS styles, and defines styles for various animated components, tooltips, and UI elements. It processes style strings and applies them via style-injection functions.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data could enter via tooltip attributes or external URLs for images and links. However, there are no evident sinks that handle untrusted input directly within the provided code. The styles themselves do not execute code, but if attributes like 'tooltip' are set with malicious content externally, they could be misused.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external inputs (like tooltip attributes or URLs) into style definitions and component props. These props are then used to render elements that could display or reflect malicious content if those inputs are malicious. No explicit code execution or network actions are present in this code segment.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains multiple repetitive style definitions for animations and UI components, but no signs of hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code. There is extensive CSS for styling animated effects, which is standard for UI styling. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution is detected. The presence of numerous style definitions could be a sign of a large UI library but not malicious by itself.",
  "analysis": "The code is predominantly style definitions and React component wrappers with imported CSS modules. It uses CSS animations, gradients, gradients, keyframes, and component styling to create animated UI elements. No network requests, system modifications, or suspicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or malicious script injection are present. The 'tooltip' attributes are used for UI display and could be exploited if external inputs are malicious, but within this code, no direct reflection or injection occurs. The structure and content do not indicate obfuscated or malicious code. It appears to be a stylized UI library or component set without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily involves styling and component layout for animated UI elements, with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. There are no network actions, system modifications, or suspicious data flows. The style definitions are standard for a UI component library, and no hardcoded secrets or backdoors are detected. Overall, this code appears benign and focused on frontend UI effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}