{
  "purpose": "The code primarily consists of CSS-in-JS style definitions and React component imports for various animated, styled, and graphical UI elements. Its main purpose appears to be to define styles and animations for UI components in a React-based application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules (react, style modules, React components) and embedded style definitions. It does not appear to process external input directly, and there are no explicit data sources such as network requests, environment variables, or user input handling within this code fragment.",
  "sinks": "The code generates CSS styles and applies them via style injection; React components render DOM elements with styling and tooltips. There are no direct data sinks such as network transmissions, file modifications, or system commands. No external data is being sent or received within this snippet.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves importing style modules, defining CSS keyframes and styles, and React component rendering with styles. No malicious source-to-sink data flows are evident; the styles are static, and React components render static or animated visuals without external data influence.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. No obfuscated or dynamically generated code appears suspicious. All styles and scripts are standard for UI animations and layout. No anomalies such as code that manipulates system files, network, or clipboard are present. No unusual code patterns or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily style definitions and React component setups, with multiple CSS keyframes, style classes, and React JSX components for animated visuals. It appears to be a collection of UI styles and components, likely part of a dashboard or animated interface. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or malware payloads. The code does not process user input, environment variables, or external data streams. The presence of various animation styles and visual effects suggests intended aesthetic effects only.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of style and React component definitions for UI animations and layout, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It does not contain network activity, data theft, or system modifications. It appears to be a benign, style-focused module for a frontend application.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}