{
  "purpose": "The code fetches and processes movie, show, and anime show data from external APIs, transforming and returning structured information including torrent data.",
  "sources": "Input sources include function parameters (options, imdb) and external API responses via the fetch function (f).",
  "sinks": "Data outputs include API responses, promise resolutions, and data returned by main functions. External URLs and data fetched are potential data sinks.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into API URL constructions, then into fetch responses, which are processed and returned. No direct flow from untrusted input to dangerous sinks such as code execution.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. External API URLs contain fixed parameters; no signs of obfuscation or hidden code. Usage of external APIs is consistent with functionality. No dynamic code execution or eval calls observed. The trailer URLs are constructed straightforwardly without user-controlled injection points. Error handling is standard. No data leakage or privacy violations apparent.",
  "analysis": "The script fetches data from multiple external APIs and processes it, mapping response data into structured objects. The functions 'movies', 'shows', and 'animeShows' assemble URLs based on user options, then process the results with lodash, extracting fields. Torrent-fetching functions similarly call APIs with IMDb IDs. No code injection, eval, or obfuscated code is present. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are identified. URLs are fixed except for parameters supplied via options or function arguments, which are handled safely. The code does not perform malicious actions such as system modifications, data exfiltration, or command execution. Error handling is standard and does not reveal sensitive info. Overall, the code appears designed for content fetching and processing without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard data-fetching module that interacts with external APIs to gather media data. No malicious behaviors or sabotage are evident. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious external connections are present. It operates within expected bounds for such functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}