{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to fetch movie, show, and anime show data from various external APIs, process this data, and return structured objects with relevant details, including torrent information.",
  "sources": "API request URLs with parameters (imdb, genre, keywords, etc.), user-provided options, and environment variables (though environment variables are not directly used here).",
  "sinks": "Network requests to external APIs, data processing and returning data structures, constructing URLs for trailers and torrents, and resolving promises with fetched data.",
  "flows": "Input options are used to construct API URLs (source), data is fetched from external APIs, processed (e.g., cleaning descriptions, picking specific fields), and then returned. Torrent data is retrieved through separate API calls based on imdb IDs, then embedded into the final objects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected; no unusual code patterns. The functions perform straightforward API fetches and data transformations. URLs include query parameters that could potentially be manipulated, but no evident injection points or unsafe code execution are present. The code uses dynamic URL construction but in a controlled manner. No obfuscated or minified code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code fetches data from multiple external sources based on user-supplied options, processes the data by selecting relevant fields, and returns structured objects. Functions for fetching torrents are wrapped in Promises with try-catch blocks, which is standard. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The data fetching URLs include parameters from options, which could potentially be manipulated, but since these are used in GET requests without dangerous constructs like eval or exec, the risk is minimal. The code appears to be a legitimate data aggregator for a media application, with no malicious intent or harmful behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward media data fetching module, with no signs of malicious activity or security issues. It securely fetches and processes data from external APIs, constructs URLs for trailers and torrents, and returns structured results. There are no indications of malware, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. Overall, it appears safe based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}