{
  "purpose": "This module fetches and processes media data (movies, shows, anime) from external APIs, transforming and aggregating data for further use.",
  "sources": "API request URLs constructed with user-provided options (sortby, page, genre, q, imdb). Data fetched from external API endpoints (api.apipop.net and api-anime.apipop.net).",
  "sinks": "API responses are parsed and returned; no direct data sinks such as network transmissions or file writes are present in this code.",
  "flows": "User options influence URL parameters (sources) -> fetch calls retrieve data -> data is processed with lodash functions -> returned objects include torrent info and metadata.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious hardcoded URLs aside from standard API endpoints. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution detected. Use of external fetch function could introduce risk if compromised, but is assumed safe based on context.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs URLs with user-supplied options and fetches data from external APIs. The API endpoints seem legitimate, returning media data. No hardcoded sensitive information or credentials are found. Data from responses is processed using lodash but no suspicious transformations are observed. The functions getMovieTorrents, getShowTorrents, getAnimeShowTorrents fetch torrent data for media, returning structured information. No indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or backdoors are present. The use of external APIs appears legitimate and limited to data retrieval. No obfuscated code or malicious logic is detected. Overall, the code behaves as a typical data aggregator for a media application, with no malicious intent or security risks identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard data fetching and processing module for media content. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity detected. Security risks are minimal and related only to external API reliance, which is typical for such applications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}