{
  "purpose": "This code defines a pattern matching utility with classes for building match cases, enforcing return types, and matching values against schemas. It is likely intended for input validation or decision branching based on schemas.",
  "sources": "No external data sources are explicitly read; the code accepts input via the match() method of the Matcher class, which processes a value passed at runtime.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the result of schema.safeParse(value).success, which influences the return value. The code also potentially invokes functions stored as 'result', which could execute arbitrary code if malicious functions are provided as input.",
  "flows": "Input value passed to match() flows through schema.safeParse() for validation. If successful, the code executes either a function stored in 'result' or returns a static result. If no match, it falls back to default value, which can be a function or static value.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or malicious code constructs are present. The code uses standard class definitions and functions. There is no obfuscation, hidden code, or suspicious dynamic execution. The pattern is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code implements pattern matching with schemas, which are expected to have a safeParse() method returning an object with a success boolean. It supports chaining for defining cases and enforcing return types. The core matching logic involves calling schema.safeParse() and executing associated results if successful. The use of function checks (isResultFn) allows the 'result' to be a callback, which could execute user-provided functions. However, there is no evidence of malicious behavior, such as network activity, file access, or data exfiltration. The code appears safe and standard for validation utilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard pattern matching utility focused on schema validation. No malicious intent or malicious code patterns are detected. The only potential security concern is if untrusted code supplies 'result' functions that execute harmful operations, but that depends on external inputs, not the code itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}