{
  "purpose": "Helper functions for graph layout management, including object merging, settings validation, matrix conversion, layout assignment, position reading, and worker creation.",
  "sources": "Reads from provided graph object, attributes, and configuration settings. Uses window object to create web workers.",
  "sinks": "Creates web worker via Blob and URL APIs. Writes node positions into matrices and assigns them back to the graph.",
  "flows": "Graph data flows into matrix generation and layout assignment functions. User data or graph attributes flow into validation and matrix functions. Web worker code flows from function to URL creation, then to worker execution.",
  "anomalies": "Uses window object directly for creating web workers, which could potentially be exploited if malicious code is injected into the function passed to createWorker. No explicit malicious code or backdoors are present. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or suspicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides utility functions for handling graph data structures and layout computations. It employs straightforward data manipulation and web worker creation using the browser's window.URL API. No external or network operations are performed, and no sensitive data is accessed or transmitted. The createWorker function uses a function-to-string conversion and Blob API to generate a web worker, which is a standard technique but could be exploited if the input function is malicious. However, in this context, it appears as a utility with no malicious intent. The validation function enforces type checks on settings, reducing risk of improper use. No suspicious or malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions for graph layout management with no evidence of malicious intent or malicious behavior. The only potential concern is the creation of web workers via user-provided functions, which could be exploited if malicious code is supplied, but this is a controlled utility function. Overall, the code appears benign and safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}