{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to create, remove, update, and bulk-create text indices for text objects, facilitating keyword extraction and indexing for search or categorization purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from parameters such as text objects, including text content and metadata like 'bucket', 'textKeyName', 'textValueName', and keywords. Uses imported modules './utils', './config', and './text-handler'.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include processing of text content where maliciously crafted input could manipulate keyword extraction or indexing. No direct data leaks or network actions are observed. No sensitive data processing or environment variable usage is evident.",
  "flows": "Input data (text objects) flows into functions for extracting keywords, creating indices, and updating or removing index entries. Data flows from extraction functions into indexing structures, which are then modified accordingly. No external data flows to untrusted sources like network or file systems.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to be standard indexing and keyword management logic with no obfuscated code or unusual language features. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. The structure and logic are consistent with normal indexing operations.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an object with methods for managing text indices: creation, removal, update, and bulk creation. It imports utility functions and configs, but there are no indications of malicious code or suspicious operations. Input data is processed through standard keyword extraction and nested indexing structures. No network or file system operations, or use of environment variables, are visible. The code's purpose aligns with text indexing for search functionalities. No signs of malware, data exfiltration, or sabotage are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of a text indexing system for managing keyword indices within a larger application. There are no indicators of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. The logic is standard, with no obfuscated code or suspicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}