{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to create, remove, update, and bulk index text objects for search or retrieval purposes by building hierarchical keyword indices.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input parameters such as text objects, their properties (like textKeyName and textValueName), and external modules (_utils, _config, _textHandler). It also reads data from internal object properties and method parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows are mostly internal; no external sinks like network, file system, or environment variables are explicitly used or exposed in this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input text objects through keyword extraction, processing functions, and into hierarchical index structures stored in objects. There are no external or insecure data transmissions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behaviors detected. The code performs standard text processing and indexing with clear separation of concerns.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured around indexing text objects by extracting keywords and building nested index objects for fast search. It uses utility functions for removing accents and handling ligatures, and manages creation, removal, and update of indices. There are no indications of malicious behaviors such as network activity, data exfiltration, or code obfuscation. The module relies on imported utilities and configs, which are common and do not appear suspicious. The functions include proper handling of object properties and indices, with no signs of hidden or malicious code execution. Overall, the code appears focused solely on indexing functionality.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation for text indexing, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It manages data internally without external communication, and no anomalies or suspicious code structures are present. The likelihood of malware or malicious intent is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}