{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionality for creating, removing, and updating text indices from text objects to facilitate efficient text search and retrieval within a larger application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from parameters such as text objects, keywords, old and new text objects, and configuration values. It also imports modules which may handle additional data processing.",
  "sinks": "Data is stored in the textBucket object; no data sinks like network connections or system files are present. No untrusted data is sent externally or stored insecurely.",
  "flows": "Input data (text objects, keywords) flow through functions that process and modify in-memory data structures (textIndex, textDict). No external communication or data exfiltration is observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are evident. The code mainly performs standard text indexing operations, with no suspicious behaviors like network activity or file manipulation. No obfuscated code or hidden logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard text indexing functionalities, including creating, removing, and updating keyword indices for text objects, with appropriate handling of nested data structures. It relies on external modules for utility functions and keyword extraction, which appear to be standard. The operations are purely in-memory, with no indications of malicious actions or external communications. The code appears well-structured, with clear responsibilities, and no signs of malicious payloads or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs legitimate text indexing operations without any signs of malicious behavior or security risks. There are no suspicious network activities, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms present. It appears to be a standard utility module for text processing within a larger application.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}