{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions for creating, removing, updating, and bulk creating text indices based on text objects, primarily for text search or indexing purposes.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input text objects (`textObj`, `oldTextObj`) and their properties such as text values, keywords, and text keys. External dependencies include imported modules for utils, config, and text handling.",
  "sinks": "Data is stored within in-memory objects (`textIndex`, `textDict`). No explicit data sinks such as network, file system, or external processes are present. No outputs or external system interactions are observed.",
  "flows": "Input data (text objects and keywords) flow into functions where indexing, removal, and updates are performed, modifying in-memory index structures. There are no network or file system operations involved, only internal data manipulation.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard for indexing text and managing nested objects. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are evident. No obfuscated or suspicious language features are detected. The only minor anomaly is the use of imported modules whose internal implementations are not visible, but this alone is not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code implements typical in-memory text indexing and management functions. It uses imported utilities for text normalization and keyword extraction, which is standard practice. The create, remove, and update functions manipulate nested index objects with care to clean up empty entries. No malicious functions such as network requests, system commands, or data exfiltration are present. The code is straightforward, structured, and appears to be intended solely for internal text indexing logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign text indexing utility with no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It performs typical operations for managing text search indices without external communication or suspicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}