{
  "purpose": "This code processes and normalizes browser usage data, including distribution and mapping of browser versions, for analytics purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from external JSON files ('map-to-chrome' mappings, 'caniuse-agent-data'), and function parameters such as 'entries' in 'parse'. It reads user agent info, version strings, and usage statistics.",
  "sinks": "Processed data is stored in local variables and objects; no direct data leakage or external transmission observed. No untrusted data is written to system files, network, or environment variables.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and JSON mappings into processing functions, with version mapping and distribution steps, ending with the output 'usage' object. No suspicious data flows to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive version mapping and distribution logic; no suspicious hardcoded secrets or backdoors. Use of 'CURRENT_VERSION' as a placeholder is benign, though its value is not defined within this snippet. The code contains no obfuscated or malicious code segments. All functions seem to serve legitimate data normalization purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically handles browser and device data, normalizing versions, and distributing usage statistics among different browser versions. It performs mapping based on external JSON data and agent data, with logical version parsing and distribution. No indications of malware or malicious behavior, such as network communications, data exfiltration, or system modifications, are present. The only potential concern is the use of placeholders like 'CURRENT_VERSION' without definition, but this is likely handled elsewhere in the larger system. Overall, the code appears to be a benign, well-structured data processing module.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate data normalization and processing module for browser usage statistics. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It performs version parsing, distribution, and normalization in a logical manner, with no suspicious external interactions or hardcoded secrets.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}