{
  "purpose": "This code processes and normalizes browser usage data from user agent strings and web analytics, distributing unknown or aggregated data across known browser versions for compatibility and reporting purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads data from JSON files ('map-to-chrome/data/YaBrowser.json', 'map-to-chrome/data/coc_coc_browser.json'), and from external agentData and usage statistics within the code, including input data in the parse function's entries parameter.",
  "sinks": "Data is manipulated internally; no direct sinks to untrusted sources are evident. No network transmission, file writing, or other data exfiltration is present within this code segment.",
  "flows": "Input data (entries) -> normalization and mapping functions -> internal data structures (browsers, versionCache) -> processed usage data -> returned as usage metrics.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains several hardcoded version adjustments and manual distribution logic for iOS and Opera Mobile browsers, which are normal but require careful maintenance. No suspicious code patterns like dynamic eval, system calls, or hidden network activity are present. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on parsing and normalizing browser usage data, applying specific logic for certain browsers and versions, and distributing data for iOS and Opera Mobile browsers. It reads data from JSON files and internal data structures, applies version mapping and matching, and performs calculations for usage distribution. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code's operations are transparent, structured, and typical for data normalization tasks. No suspicious anomalies or obfuscation techniques are detected. The only potential concern is the hardcoded manipulation and distribution logic, but these are standard in usage data normalization contexts.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a data normalization and processing module for browser usage statistics. It performs no malicious actions, does not contain obfuscated or malicious code, and has no evident security risks. Its operations are consistent with legitimate data handling for analytics purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}