{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for waiting and polling operations, mainly used in asynchronous workflows for server-side processing and retries.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from an imported 'config' module, and logs debug messages via an imported 'logger' module. It also uses a third-party polling library 'poll-until-promise'.",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly write untrusted data, perform network requests, or manipulate system resources. It primarily handles timing and retries based on internal logic and configuration.",
  "flows": "Configuration data is read from 'config' to determine wait times; logging occurs based on configuration; 'poll-until-promise' executes actions with retry logic. There are no direct source-to-sink data flows involving untrusted inputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic delay functions and retries but does not contain any suspicious or unusual code patterns. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are evident. The use of imported modules appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code defines three asynchronous utility functions: 'SomeTime' for waiting a specified duration with optional debug logging, 'ServerSideProcessing' which waits based on a configuration value, and 'PollUntilSuccess' which retries an action until success or timeout using a third-party polling library. All functions rely on configuration settings and do not handle untrusted user input or perform network or system modifications. No obfuscation, malicious logic, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code appears to be standard utility code for managing asynchronous operations and retries in a controlled environment.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a standard utility module providing timing and polling functionalities without any malicious intent or security risks. It does not handle untrusted data in a way that could introduce security vulnerabilities. Overall, the code appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}