{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a file chooser utility that handles file uploads, image compression, and video thumbnail extraction in a web environment.",
  "sources": "Reads input files via an HTML input element and drag-and-drop events; reads file data as Data URLs using FileReader; loads external scripts dynamically for image processing.",
  "sinks": "Processes file data (e.g., converting images to base64, resizing), but does not send or transmit data externally within this code snippet.",
  "flows": "Input files are read via FileReader, processed for image/video manipulation, and converted to base64 or Blob objects. External script loading is done dynamically for exifr (metadata extraction). No external data transmission observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are evident. External script URL is hardcoded but from a reputable CDN; no unusual variable names or obfuscation. Functions like 'k()' generate UUIDs but are standard. The code dynamically loads exifr library for image orientation correction, which is common.",
  "analysis": "The code is a complex file handling utility with features like drag-and-drop, image compression, orientation correction, and video thumbnail extraction. It uses standard web APIs and external libraries loaded dynamically. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or malicious network activity. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected. The code is well-structured for its purpose, and all external dependencies are from reputable sources. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, feature-rich file upload and processing module without any malicious intent or harmful behavior. It performs common tasks related to image/video handling in web applications. No security risks are identified within this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}