{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JavaScript module for file handling, including file compression, data URL conversion, image processing, and drag-and-drop file uploads.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from file input elements, drag-and-drop events, and URL data URLs. Uses external dependencies via require() for Babel runtime helpers and core-js polyfills.",
  "sinks": "Processes files with FileReader, Image, Canvas, and script injection for external scripts. Converts files to base64, blobs, or URLs, and handles file uploads.",
  "flows": "File input or drag-and-drop data flows through compression, image processing, and conversion functions, ultimately resulting in base64 data or files. External scripts are dynamically loaded for exifr (exif orientation) processing.",
  "anomalies": "Dynamically loads external script from a CDN (https://testingcf.jsdelivr.net/npm/exifr/dist/lite.umd.js). Uses random UUID generator for filenames. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns detected. No evident backdoors, network communication beyond script loading, or malicious data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code is a complex file handling utility that enables image compression, orientation correction, and drag-and-drop uploads. It loads external libraries dynamically and processes images and files through various functions. The dynamic script injection of exifr is standard for client-side image orientation correction and does not pose an immediate security risk. The use of external dependencies appears to be for legitimate functionality. No hardcoded secrets, network communication to suspicious domains, or obfuscated/malicious code patterns are present. The code's purpose is consistent with file upload and processing features, with no evident malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate file handling utility with image processing features, utilizing external libraries for exif orientation correction. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are detected. The external script loading is standard for such features and not inherently malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}