{
  "purpose": "This code is used to fetch and query audio fingerprint data from an external web service, likely for music identification or metadata retrieval.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters: 'fileName' (for fingerprint fetching) and 'fingerprint', 'duration', 'lfmkey' (for metadata query). It also reads environment variables indirectly through required modules.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows into HTTP request bodies and URLs, especially in the 'getInfo' function where fingerprint data and API keys are included in request parameters. Responses are handled via callback functions.",
  "flows": "Input fingerprint data is fetched with 'lfm.fetchFingerprint' then sent via POST request. If the response indicates success, it constructs a URL with 'fingerprintid' and 'lfmkey' to retrieve metadata, which is then passed to the callback.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses deprecated 'new Buffer()' which could pose security issues, but does not perform dynamic code execution or obfuscation. The use of plaintext API keys ('lfmkey') in URL parameters is risky. No hardcoded credentials are present, but passing API keys openly is a security concern.",
  "analysis": "The code reads input data via function parameters. It constructs multipart form data manually, then makes HTTP POST requests to external services, which can be susceptible to injection if inputs are maliciously crafted. The API key 'lfmkey' is passed openly, risking leakage if exposed. The code does not perform any insecure evaluations or dynamic code execution, nor does it contain obfuscated or minified code. No suspicious or malicious actions, such as data exfiltration or system manipulation, are evident. However, including API keys directly in request URLs is a security risk and could be exploited if the key is compromised. The code's structure and logic do not indicate malicious intent or malware behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to perform audio fingerprint retrieval and metadata querying with external services, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The main security concern is the insecure handling of API keys in URL parameters, which could lead to credential exposure. Overall, it is a standard implementation with moderate security risks due to API key usage.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.45,
  "report_number": 1
}