{
  "purpose": "The code generates an HTML report summarizing issues (errors, warnings, notices) related to file analysis, formatting data into HTML templates and aggregating results for display.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the 'results' array parameter, which includes file paths, messages, severity levels, and issue details. It also reads a static HTML template file ('template.html') from the filesystem.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs an HTML string with embedded data. It also uses 'readFileSync' to load the template. There are no direct network operations or execution of untrusted data within this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'results' into categorized issues per file, which are then formatted into HTML segments. These segments are assembled into the final report via string replacement of the template.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to use standard modules ('fs', 'path', 'common-path-start') with no signs of obfuscation or malicious complexity. The HTML construction escapes some characters but does not sanitize input against malicious scripts explicitly, which could be a concern if input data is untrusted. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present.",
  "analysis": "The script processes an array of result objects, classifies issues by severity, and groups them by file, adjusting file paths based on options. It reads an HTML template from the filesystem and inserts dynamically generated HTML content for the report. The code uses typical patterns for file and string manipulation, with no suspicious code or malware indicators. No network connections, code execution, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The only potential concern is lack of sanitization of input data before embedding into HTML, which might allow XSS if the input is untrusted. However, no obfuscated or malicious code is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward report generator that compiles analysis issues into an HTML document. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware indicators. Its security risk is low, provided input data is sanitized or trusted. There are no signs of supply chain attacks or hidden backdoors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}