{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component that renders a radar chart using an HTML canvas and includes classes for chart and radar drawing logic. It loads chart assets and handles rendering based on provided labels, datasets, and colors.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component props: 'labels', 'datasets', and 'colors'. It also reads window.devicePixelRatio and canvas context properties for scaling. It loads images asynchronously in loadAssets().",
  "sinks": "No sinks directly process untrusted data. The only rendering occurs on the canvas, which displays data provided via props. No data is sent over network or written to files. No use of environment variables or system info for malicious purposes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props into chart and radar classes to draw on the canvas. The flow is straightforward: props → chart data structures → rendering functions. No untrusted input validation or dangerous operations are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard React and JavaScript code for rendering a chart. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Asset preloading is typical for such visualizations. No obfuscated or suspicious language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several utility functions and classes for drawing a radar chart on a canvas element, using props for data inputs. Asset loading via loadAssets() is asynchronous and only loads images referenced in the chart. The component uses standard React hooks and prop types for validation. No network connections, system modifications, or hidden operations are observed. The code’s purpose appears solely to render a visual chart based on input data, with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a typical React-based chart rendering component with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It does not perform data exfiltration, system access, or network communications that could be malicious. The code appears safe, with standard practices and no obfuscated or suspicious code patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}