{
  "purpose": "This code provides a calculator function that parses and evaluates mathematical expressions with support for variables and operator precedence.",
  "sources": "The code reads the input string 'obj.formula' and the data object 'obj.data'. It also reads tokens from the expression during parsing and evaluation.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write to external systems or network; potential data leaks could occur if 'obj' contains sensitive information, but there are no explicit sinks like network calls or file writes.",
  "flows": "Input formula string is tokenized, variables are replaced with data, the expression is converted from infix to postfix, then evaluated. Data flows from input to tokenization, to variable replacement, then to postfix conversion, and finally to evaluation.",
  "anomalies": "The token parsing method uses 'split' on individual characters, which may misinterpret multi-character variable names or numbers. There is no explicit input validation or sanitization. No encryption or obfuscation is present. The code appears straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code performs basic arithmetic operations with support for variables, converting infix to postfix expressions and evaluating them. It uses 'decimal.js' for precise decimal calculations. No external system calls, network requests, or file operations are present. No hardcoded credentials or secret values are visible. Variable replacement is direct, but it assumes tokens matching data keys; if data contains complex objects, this could cause issues, but it does not lead to malicious behavior. The tokenization method could misinterpret input if variables are multi-character, but this is a limitation rather than malicious. No signs of obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious payloads are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward calculator implementation with variable substitution, performing mathematical evaluation. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. The code appears safe and well-structured for its purpose, with no evident security risks. Minor concerns include token parsing limitations, but these are functional issues rather than security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}