{
  "purpose": "This code provides Vue.js components and utilities for integrating Mapbox GL JS maps, controls, geometries, and related features into a web application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from component props, injected dependencies (vmb_map, vmb_geogeometry, vmb_marker, vmb_raw, vmb_geogeometry_paint), and DOM elements via refs. It also accesses global navigator.userAgent and window.ResizeObserver.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include map controls and layers being added or removed, as well as event handlers that respond to map interactions. Some functions set properties or call map methods with data from props, but do not appear to process untrusted external inputs directly.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props and injected dependencies into map operations (adding controls, layers, geometries). Event handlers propagate events upward via emitted Vue events. The code also flows from DOM input events (e.g., geocoder input keyup) to map queries.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive injection and dependency provision, but no evidence of suspicious or malicious code behavior. The only potentially noteworthy aspect is the global navigator.userAgent check for Safari in 'browserIsSafari', used for input focus fix—this is benign and for UI compatibility. No hardcoded credentials, network requests, reverse shells, or data exfiltration are present. The code appears to be standard Vue + Mapbox integration logic with no backdoors or sabotage.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive Vue 3 setup for Mapbox GL JS components, layers, geometries, and controls. It employs standard patterns: dependency injection, reactive refs, event handling, and lifecycle hooks. No code injects malicious scripts, no network communication with suspicious domains, no data leaks or hidden backdoors. The code manages map states, geometries, and controls securely. The only non-standard logic is a user-agent check for Safari to fix input focus, which is not malicious. No obfuscated or minified malicious code is detected. All sources and sinks are consistent with legitimate map rendering functionality. Overall, the code is a normal, well-structured Vue integration for Mapbox maps with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a secure, standard Vue.js map component library for Mapbox GL JS. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are present based on the provided source. The malware score is 0, the security risk score is 0, and confidence is high (1).",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}