{
  "purpose": "The code provides geometric functions for calculating points, angles, intersections, and drawing arrows between points and rectangles, primarily for visual or graphical purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as coordinates, angles, and options objects. No external data sources or environment variables are read.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe sinks include functions that generate geometric data used for rendering or visualization, but there are no network or file operations present. No untrusted data is sent over the network or written to files.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function inputs (coordinates, options) through geometric calculations, but there are no flows leading to data leaks, network activity, or system modifications.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code consists solely of mathematical functions for geometry calculations without any obfuscated or misleading features.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of mathematical utilities for manipulating points, angles, intersections, and paths in 2D space. It does not include any external system interactions, network requests, or file operations. The functions are straightforward and serve graphical or visualization purposes. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or covert channels are present. The functions are well-structured, and there is no obfuscation or unusual language features. The only potential concern might be if geometric data is misused elsewhere, but within this module, no malicious intent is apparent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility library for geometric computations related to drawing arrows and intersection points. It contains no malicious code, no data leaks, and no suspicious behaviors. The security risk score is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}