{
  "purpose": "This source code provides geometric calculations and algorithms for drawing arrows, curves, and intersections between shapes such as rectangles, circles, and points, primarily for visual diagramming or graphical purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as coordinates, dimensions, and options (e.g., x0, y0, w0, h0, x1, y1, w1, h1, options). It also uses internal variables and options for configuration.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include return values that output coordinate points and angles, which could be used in rendering graphics or UI elements. There are no direct data leaks or network operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through geometric functions (e.g., getAngle, getDistance, rotatePoint) to produce output points, control points, and angles for drawing arrows and intersections. No external data transmission occurs.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors. All functions are standard geometric calculations. No obfuscated code, malicious data collection, or unusual code constructs are present. The code is straightforward and focused on math/graphics calculations.",
  "analysis": "The code exclusively performs mathematical and geometric operations related to visualization: calculating angles, distances, intersections, and points for drawing arrows and shapes. It utilizes well-understood math functions like Math.sin, Math.cos, Math.atan2, and Math.hypot. No network activity, file system access, or environment variable usage is evident. The structure is modular, with functions dedicated to specific calculations. The initial part is a set of utility functions; the later parts involve complex geometric computations for arrow and shape intersection points. There are no signs of malicious intent or obfuscation, and the code aligns with typical graphical rendering logic.",
  "conclusion": "This code is purely mathematical and graphical in nature, intended for visual diagram generation involving shapes and arrows. It contains no malicious behavior, no data exfiltration, and no network activity. The code is well-structured, non-obfuscated, and demonstrates no suspicious activity.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}