{
  "purpose": "This code extends the Number prototype by adding various mathematical functions using the 'Metho' library, providing convenient wrappers around Math functions.",
  "sources": "The code reads the Number.prototype object as the source for extension. The functions internally call Math methods, which are standard and do not read untrusted data.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink involves Math functions that process 'this' or arguments. The 'random' function generates a pseudo-random number scaled by 'this'.",
  "flows": "The functions take 'this' as input to Math functions. The 'random' function computes Math.random() scaled by 'this'. No external data is fed into these flows, and no data is leaked externally.",
  "anomalies": "The code modifies global Number.prototype by adding many methods, which is unusual and can lead to conflicts or unexpected behavior. The 'random' function uses 'this' to determine the range, which may be misused if 'this' is not a number, but this is standard usage for such extensions. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activities are present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a library 'Metho' to add numerous mathematical functions to the Number prototype. Each function wraps a Math method, using 'this' as the input, and some accept parameters. The functions are straightforward wrappers without any user input validation or data leakage. The extension of native prototypes is risky but common in some libraries; it does not inherently introduce malicious behavior. No external data transmission, network activity, or suspicious code constructs are detected. The 'random' function is a simple wrapper around Math.random(), scaled by 'this', which is not malicious but can be misused if misapplied. Overall, the code appears to be a benign extension of Math functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not contain malicious behavior. It extends Number.prototype with mathematical functions using the 'Metho' library, with no signs of malware or security risks. The main concern is the modification of native prototypes, which can cause conflicts but is not malicious. No suspicious data flows, external communications, or sabotage indicators are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}