{
  "purpose": "This code extends the Number prototype with custom methods that wrap standard Math functions via an external 'Metho' library, likely to facilitate method chaining or augmentations.",
  "sources": "Reads from Number.prototype, with methods accessing 'this' (the number instance), and some methods accepting additional parameters (e.g., atan2, hypot, imul, max, min, pow, random).",
  "sinks": "Uses Math functions that could potentially process untrusted data, but there are no explicit sinks that leak data or perform external actions. The 'random' function generates pseudo-random numbers based on 'this'.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data (e.g., user input) could be converted into numbers and passed into these functions; however, no external network or system calls are present. The 'random' function's output depends solely on 'this' value, which could be manipulated if 'this' is untrusted.",
  "anomalies": "The 'random' function uses 'Math.random()' scaled by 'this', which is unconventional and could produce predictable or unintended results if 'this' is not controlled. The code wraps standard Math functions without any apparent malicious logic. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. No obfuscation or minification detected; code is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code imports an external library 'Metho' and extends the Number prototype with numerous Math functions, wrapping them for likely chaining or augmentation. Each function accesses 'this' to perform standard Math operations. The 'random' function uses 'Math.random()' scaled by 'this', which might be unusual but not malicious. No external data transmission, system modification, or malicious code patterns are evident. The structure is clear, and the methods are simple wrappers without side effects or external dependencies beyond the 'Metho' library.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a set of utility wrappers around standard Math functions, designed for extended or chainable usage. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data leaks. The 'random' function's design could be unconventional but does not indicate malware or security risk. Overall, the code is benign with no malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}