{
  "purpose": "The code imports a calculator module and performs various arithmetic operations, including addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, modulus, factorial, average, and generating a random number within a specified range.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters passed to the calculator operations, such as numbers in add, subtract, multiply, divide, modulus, factorial, average, and random functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data sinks include the console.log statements that output the results, especially the random number generated, which could be used for malicious purposes if the data were manipulated or logged improperly.",
  "flows": "Input data (numbers passed to functions) flows into calculation functions. The results then flow into console.log statements, outputting the calculated values. No external network or file interactions are present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code appears straightforward and typical of a calculator application. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The script imports a calculator module and calls its 'operations' methods with various numeric inputs. The functions perform basic arithmetic, factorial, and random number generation. The code logs the results directly to the console. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. The random number generator usage is typical for such operations and appears benign. No hidden or obfuscated code is present. Overall, the code serves a standard calculator purpose without suspicious activities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward calculator implementation with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It performs basic arithmetic operations and outputs the results. There are no anomalous or malicious behaviors detected. The only minor consideration is the use of randomness, which is standard for such functions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}