{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Grunt task named 'sails-linker' that automates the insertion of script tags into HTML files, between specified start and end tags.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from file paths specified in 'this.files' (file list and destination files), as well as from the filesystem via 'grunt.file.read' and 'grunt.file.expand'. It also processes data from options such as 'appRoot', 'relative', and 'fileRef'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include writing the modified HTML back to files using 'grunt.file.write'. The code also constructs script tag strings dynamically and writes the updated content to the filesystem.",
  "flows": "Source data (file paths, file contents) are processed, filtered, and transformed into script tags. These tags are inserted into existing HTML content between specified start and end tags, then written back to files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code performs file existence checks and logs warnings but does not perform any network activity or execute untrusted code. Use of 'console.log' and 'grunt.log.writeln' is standard for debugging and logs. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard implementation of a Grunt task for injecting script tags into HTML files. It validates input files, processes paths with options like 'appRoot' and 'relative', constructs script tags, and replaces sections of HTML content identified by start and end tags. The process involves safe string operations, file reads, and writes. No malicious code, network activity, or suspicious logic is found. The code appears to be well-structured and intended solely for automating script insertion during build processes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, purpose-specific build task for managing script tags in HTML files. No signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are identified. It operates within the normal scope of file processing and string manipulation.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}