{
  "purpose": "Type definitions and interface declarations for the rxjs library (version 5.0.x), used for reactive programming with observables in JavaScript.",
  "sources": "Definitions are sourced from flow-typed signatures, primarily reading type annotations, interfaces, and static method declarations within the rxjs library.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or security concerns could occur if untrusted input influences observable streams, but this code mainly contains type declarations. No runtime data processing or external data sinks are explicitly present.",
  "flows": "There are no runtime flows; this code only defines types and static methods. No source-to-sink data flow or data handling logic exists.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, hidden code, or suspicious constructs are present. The code is strictly type/interface declarations with no executable logic. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. No dynamic code evaluation, obfuscated code, or unusual language features. No network or system interactions are embedded.",
  "analysis": "The code consists solely of Flow type annotations and class/interface declarations for the rxjs library, including observable, subject, observer, and related types. It provides type safety and static typing support for rxjs but contains no executable code or runtime logic. The static method signatures align with standard rxjs API patterns. No signs of malicious behavior, such as code injection, data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system damage, are evident. The structure is purely for type checking and documentation. No external data sources, sinks, or side effects are defined within this file.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of type definitions for rxjs 5.0.x, used for static type checking. It contains no executable, dynamic, or runtime logic, and no malicious behavior or security risks are detected. Its purpose is to provide type safety and IDE support, not runtime execution or data handling.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}