{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript client library for interacting with the BlandAI API, providing methods to send calls and access various resources such as batches, inbound/outbound numbers, SMS, voices, and web agents.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters (e.g., request objects), environment variables (e.g., process.env['BLAND_API_KEY']), and imported modules. It also fetches environment configuration via the core.Supplier.get method.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the fetch call where data is sent to the API endpoint, and the use of authorization headers which may include sensitive API keys. These are places where untrusted data (e.g., request parameters, environment variables) could be transmitted or logged.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (such as request object and API key), through header and body serialization, into the fetch request to the external API endpoint, with environment variables providing configuration. The flow includes reading the API key from environment, constructing headers, and sending data via HTTP POST.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs standard API client operations without unusual or obfuscated code. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. It uses a fetcher function, environment variables, and imported modules in a typical manner. No malicious or obfuscated code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical API client implementation with methods for making HTTP requests to the server. It employs environment variables for API key retrieval and dynamic URL construction. Error handling is performed for various HTTP status codes and error reasons. No signs of malware, suspicious data leaks, or malicious behaviors are present. The code does not execute any dynamic code or contain obfuscation techniques. Overall, it appears as standard, well-structured SDK code.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard API client library with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It securely reads API keys from environment variables, constructs API requests, and handles errors appropriately. No malware, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}