{
  "purpose": "The code generates HTML documentation for design tokens, including styling and utility class information, intended for display in a web page.",
  "sources": "Input data includes token values passed to functions such as generatePreview, generateUtilityDocs, and generateTokenSection; these are derived from tokens object properties and utility settings.",
  "sinks": "Generated HTML content that incorporates token values directly into inline styles and inner HTML, which could potentially lead to injection if token data is maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Token values from input data flow into generatePreview and are embedded directly into HTML strings and style attributes without sanitization, especially in style=\"background-color: ${value}\" and style=\"font-family: ${value}\". These values then become part of the final HTML document generated by generateDocs.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not sanitize or encode token values before embedding them into HTML or CSS, allowing potential injection if token data is malicious. No external data fetching or network operations are performed. The code structure and variable naming are straightforward; no obfuscated or misleading code patterns are present. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are visible.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily creates HTML content based on provided tokens and utility settings, embedding token values directly into style attributes and inner HTML. It uses regexes to identify color and size values, but does not sanitize these inputs beyond pattern matching, which could allow crafted tokens to inject malicious CSS or HTML. However, there are no dynamic evals, network calls, or file system access. The code's overall logic is transparent and safe, assuming token data is controlled or validated externally. The main concern is potential injection if token data is malicious and not sanitized prior to rendering.",
  "conclusion": "The code itself is not malicious and performs as a static HTML generator for design tokens. Its risk is limited to potential injection if token data is malicious. It does not contain malware or backdoors, but the embedding of token values directly into HTML/CSS without sanitization poses a minor security risk in scenarios with untrusted token input.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 1
}