{
  "purpose": "This code generates HTML documentation for design tokens, including styles, color previews, utility class descriptions, and token sections for a design system.",
  "sources": "Inputs include token values (strings, objects), settings for utility breakpoints, and token keys from the tokens object. These are used primarily within functions like generatePreview, generateUtilityDocs, and generateTokenSection.",
  "sinks": "Generated HTML and CSS output; no direct sink of untrusted data to external systems. However, token values are embedded directly into style attributes and inner HTML, which could be dangerous if token values are maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Token values are processed through generatePreview and embedded directly into HTML strings, including style attributes and inner HTML elements. Utility class definitions are generated based on input tokens and settings, with no external network activity or data exfiltration evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors detected. The code uses regexes to determine token types and embeds values into HTML without sanitization, which could be risky if tokens are malicious. The code does not sanitize input values before injecting into HTML or CSS, potentially enabling injection if token values are malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code generates an HTML documentation page that visually previews tokens with color, spacing, and font samples, and describes utility classes. It reads token data and settings, then constructs HTML snippets embedding token values directly. There is no network activity or file system access, and no use of eval or dynamic code execution. The embedding of token values into style attributes and inner HTML could be exploited if tokens are malicious, but this is a common pattern in documentation generation. No evidence of code intended to exfiltrate data or establish malicious persistence. The code appears to be a straightforward documentation generator, with potential risk only if input tokens are maliciously crafted, but no malicious intent or behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a static documentation generator for design tokens, with no malicious behavior or malware observed. The main security consideration is the potential for injection if token values are maliciously provided, but this does not constitute malware or malicious intent within the code itself. Overall, the code is safe and intended for documentation purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}