{
  "purpose": "The code defines a build process using Gulp for an Angular project, including tasks for cleaning directories, copying source files, inlining resources, compiling with Angular's compiler, bundling with Rollup, and copying necessary files for distribution.",
  "sources": "Reading input data from source files in /src, including package.json and README.md. Reading environment variables is not explicitly shown. External modules are required at the top.",
  "sinks": "File system operations such as deleting directories, copying files, generating bundles, and renaming output files. No direct network communication or data leaks are present.",
  "flows": "Source files in /src are copied to /tmp, inlined, compiled, bundled, and then the output is placed in /dist. External modules are excluded from bundles. No untrusted data flows to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are evident. The code structure and dependencies appear standard for a build script. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or hidden behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The script performs typical build steps for an Angular library, including cleanup, copying source files, inlining resources, compiling with Angular compiler, bundling via Rollup into FESM and UMD formats, and copying distribution files. External dependencies are well-defined. No network activity, credential handling, or suspicious behavior is observed. The use of standard modules and straightforward logic indicates a benign purpose. No signs of malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build automation script for packaging an Angular library. It performs typical tasks without any malicious intent or security risks. No indicators of malware or security vulnerabilities were found based on this review.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}