{
  "purpose": "The code is a Gulp build script used for compiling, bundling, and preparing an Angular project for distribution. It automates cleaning directories, copying source files, inlining resources, compiling with Angular compiler, bundling with Rollup, and copying necessary files to the distribution folder.",
  "sources": "User inputs such as source files in /src, environment variables used by Gulp and Node.js modules, and external module configurations. Data flows mainly through filesystem operations, gulp streams, and rollup configurations.",
  "sinks": "Filesystem writes to /dist, /build, and temporary directories. Also, copying package.json and README files. No evidence of data being sent over the network or other external data sinks.",
  "flows": "Source files in /src are copied to /tmp, then inlined, compiled, bundled, and finally copied to /dist. External module references remain unchanged; no data flows outside the build environment.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code present. The script performs standard build operations. External dependencies are standard build tools. No suspicious or unusual code constructs identified. The code appears to be a typical build pipeline without malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The script employs common build automation steps for an Angular library: cleaning directories, copying source files, inlining resources, compiling with ngc, bundling with rollup, and copying manifest and readme files. External modules are declared explicitly. No network communication, credential handling, or system manipulation observed. The use of 'gulp-rollup', 'del', and other modules aligns with typical build processes. No obfuscation, malicious code, or malware behaviors detected. All operations are confined to filesystem manipulations and build steps.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Angular library build script with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It automates the build process safely, with no suspicious data flows or external communication. All observed activities are typical for such build pipelines.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}