{
  "purpose": "This script automates the build, packaging, and distribution process for an Angular-based JavaScript library, including tasks such as cleaning directories, copying source files, inlining resources, compiling with Angular Compiler, bundling with Rollup, and preparing distribution files.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the src folder (source files, package.json, README.md) and environment/configuration via require statements. Data is also read during the gulp tasks such as file streams and dependencies.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive operations include file writing in dist, tmp, build folders, and renaming output files. No untrusted data appears to be processed directly; external dependencies (e.g., rollup, gulp) are used for build tasks.",
  "flows": "Source files from src are copied to tmp, inlined, compiled via ngc, then bundled with rollup into dist. The process involves copying, inlining, compiling, bundling, and copying additional files like package.json and README.md.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behaviors, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. The code strictly performs build automation tasks. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious network activities are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically performs build steps typical for a JavaScript library. It uses established tools like gulp, rollup, and Angular compiler. It does not include any network communications, system modifications, or code that could indicate malicious intent. All operations are standard build procedures, with no signs of data leakage, malicious payloads, or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a standard build script for packaging an Angular library. There are no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. The operations are limited to file management, compilation, and bundling, with no evidence of malicious intent or malware.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}