{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Vue.js component for rendering a customizable SVG circle with a percentage fill, including props for size, colors, and text. It is intended for use as a visual indicator within a Vue application.",
  "sources": "The code reads the 'querystring' module (although it is required but not used), and various component props such as id, color, text, fontSize, fontFamily, fontColor, and percentage. No other external data sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "The component outputs an SVG element with dynamic attributes based on props, including 'transform', 'clipPath', and text rendering. It does not include network requests, file writes, or system commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props into SVG attributes, computed properties, and template elements for rendering. No untrusted input processing or external data injection is present.",
  "anomalies": "The 'require('querystring')' statement is included but not utilized, which might be redundant but not malicious. The code uses standard Vue.js component patterns with no obfuscation or dynamic code execution. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious logic are present.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a Vue.js component with props for customization, computes SVG dimensions and IDs, and renders an SVG circle with a clip-path to visualize a percentage fill. The code uses standard practices for Vue components, including normalization functions for SSR. The require statement for 'querystring' appears unnecessary and might be an artifact of template code or an oversight, but it does not introduce any security risk. The render function outputs static SVG elements driven by component state and props, with no dynamic code execution or external network activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward Vue component for visual display purposes, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. The only minor concern is the redundant 'require' statement for 'querystring', which does not affect security but could be cleaned up. Overall, the package appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}