{
  "purpose": "This code manages NFT creation, issuance, transfer, and summary retrieval using hardcoded private keys for multiple wallets, including the fee wallet, CoffeeShop, Alice, and Bob.",
  "sources": "Private keys (WIFs) for fee wallet, CoffeeShop, Alice, and Bob; static data such as genesisWif, metaTxId, and opreturnData.",
  "sinks": "Blockchain transactions signed with private keys; data flows from static secrets to transaction signatures and blockchain state changes.",
  "flows": "Static private keys are used directly in signing transactions; data flows from hardcoded secrets to blockchain network calls; no external input or untrusted data sources are evident.",
  "anomalies": "Multiple hardcoded private keys and addresses; use of static metaTxId and opreturnData; no input validation or dynamic data handling; straightforward code structure.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard NFT operations with static private keys embedded directly in the source, which is a security vulnerability. No malicious code, obfuscation, or malicious network activity is present. The primary concern is insecure secret management. Malware score is 0 due to absence of malicious behavior; obfuscation score is 0 as code is clear. Security risk score is high (~0.8) because static secrets pose a severe security threat if exposed. The code's logic is straightforward, and no anomalies suggest malicious intent. The static private keys could allow unauthorized signing of transactions if compromised, but there is no evidence of malicious activity or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not contain malware or obfuscation but demonstrates a critical security vulnerability due to hardcoded private keys. This poses a high security risk, especially if real keys are used. The malware score remains at 0, and obfuscation score at 0. The security risk score should be set at 0.8 to reflect the severity of static secret exposure. Overall, the main issue is insecure secret management, not malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.8,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}