{
  "purpose": "The code is used to interact with a SensibleNFT system, involving genesis creation, minting, transferring tokens, and querying summaries, primarily on the mainnet network.",
  "sources": "Reads include WIF private keys, addresses, and a fixed metaTxId. It also reads the network environment and static strings for opreturnData.",
  "sinks": "Uses WIF private keys for signing transactions, which are sensitive data; calls methods that generate blockchain transactions, potentially exposing transaction details via logs.",
  "flows": "Private keys (sources) are used in nft.genesis, nft.issue, nft.transfer functions (sinks). The flow involves signing and broadcasting transactions based on hardcoded WIFs and static data.",
  "anomalies": "Private keys are hardcoded directly in the script, which is highly insecure and abnormal. The metaTxId is a fixed dummy value, indicating potential placeholder data. The sleep function introduces delays, possibly for rate limiting or timing control but is benign. No unusual code structures or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The script handles sensitive private keys directly embedded in the code, which constitutes a significant security risk. The code performs typical NFT operations without any obfuscated or malicious code. The presence of hardcoded WIFs suggests a high likelihood of misconfiguration or insecure key handling. There are no signs of malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The static metaTxId might be a placeholder but does not constitute malicious intent. Overall, the script is straightforward and lacks malicious behavior but is severely insecure due to hardcoded private keys.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not contain malicious behavior but is highly insecure due to hardcoded private keys, which can lead to asset theft or loss if deployed. No malware or suspicious activities are evident. The main concern is insecure secret management rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.8,
  "report_number": 3
}