{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Vue.js component for a resizable split-pane layout, allowing dynamic resizing of two panes either vertically or horizontally with various customizable styles and behaviors.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from component props (distribute, isVertical, lineThickness, etc.), DOM elements (via getElementById, style properties), and event objects (clientX, clientY) during mouse events.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation (style adjustments for resize), event handling for mouse movements, and DOM node creation/removal (mask overlays).",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions (mousedown, mousemove, mouseup) and window resize events to DOM style updates and internal state adjustments to preserve pane proportions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors detected. Use of event listeners and DOM style manipulations are standard for such UI components. No dynamic code execution or external network activity is observed. The use of random ID generation is benign and for element identification. All code appears to be standard Vue.js component logic without obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Vue component for a split-pane resizable layout with props controlling layout behavior and appearance. Event handlers are attached for resizing via mouse events, with mask overlays to prevent iframe interference. It uses standard DOM methods and event management. No suspicious code, external network activity, or malicious data handling is detected. The random ID generation is used for element IDs to prevent collisions, not malicious purposes. The logic aligns with typical UI resize components and does not show any hidden or malicious functionality.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, legitimate Vue.js component for resizable split panes with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It does not contain malware or security risks beyond normal UI interactions. No anomalies or malicious patterns are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}