{
  "purpose": "This code defines a class for generating, applying, and managing CSS and Web API keyframe animations, primarily to be used in web development for dynamic styling and animation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input options via method parameters such as 'options' in 'get', 'applyTo', and 'define'. It also accesses DOM elements and creates style elements in 'define' and 'applyTo'.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates DOM style properties and inserts style elements into the document. It sets CSS animation properties on HTML elements and appends style elements to the document body.",
  "flows": "Input options flow into methods like 'get', 'applyTo', and 'define'; these influence style generation and application. Style elements and CSS properties are dynamically created and assigned to DOM elements based on method calls.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded credentials, or obfuscated code. The code dynamically generates CSS and interacts with DOM as expected for an animation library. No signs of malicious logic such as network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code is a library for generating and applying CSS/Web API keyframe animations. It creates style elements, dynamically constructs CSS keyframes, prefixes for browser compatibility, and manages animation lifecycle. It does not contain any network operations, data leaks, or suspicious behavior. The code operates solely within the browser environment for animation purposes, and all operations are typical for a styling utility. There are no hardcoded secrets, external data fetching, or potentially malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate animation utility library with no malicious intent or security risks. It performs DOM manipulation to generate and control animations in web pages. There are no signs of malware, malicious data collection, or supply chain attacks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}