{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript class for generating, applying, and managing CSS and Web Animation API keyframes and animations, primarily for use in web pages to animate elements.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters such as options objects, method calls like getWebAPIKeyframes, and external DOM elements passed to applyTo.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies DOM element styles directly, inserting a style element into the document, and setting CSS animation properties on elements. It also creates unique animation names.",
  "flows": "Input options are used to generate keyframes and animation styles, which are then applied to DOM elements. The generated style element is added to the document, and styles are set on elements to animate. Animations are removed after duration unless looping.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code uses dynamic style creation and manipulation, which is standard for animation libraries. No obfuscated or malicious patterns identified. The code is mainly self-contained and does not perform network operations or data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class for creating and applying CSS/Web API animations with support for prefixes and style management. It reads data from method parameters and modifies DOM elements styles directly. The style element is dynamically created and appended to the document body. The applyTo method manages animation lifecycle and cleanup. The code uses standard web APIs and has no signs of malicious behavior or covert data handling. It is a typical animation utility class. No suspicious or malicious patterns are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard animation utility for web development with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It dynamically creates and manages CSS keyframes and Web Animations API calls for DOM elements. The implementation appears legitimate and safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}