{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to connect to a Heroku PostgreSQL database, execute a query to retrieve the sizes of all user-defined tables excluding system schemas, and output the results.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from command-line arguments (`context.args.database`) and the Heroku environment (`heroku` object). It also reads database connection details via the `pg.fetcher` method.",
  "sinks": "The output of the SQL query is written directly to standard output (`process.stdout.write(output)`). The code also performs database operations using `pg.psql.exec`, which involves executing SQL on the database connection.",
  "flows": "The flow begins with reading command-line arguments and Heroku context, then fetching database connection info, executing a predefined SQL query to retrieve table sizes, and finally outputting the results to stdout.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, no dynamic code execution, and no suspicious network activity. The SQL query is static and safe, retrieving table sizes. The code structure is straightforward, with no obfuscated or unusual language features.",
  "analysis": "The code is a simple CLI utility that interacts with a PostgreSQL database hosted on Heroku. It uses standard modules and methods for fetching data and printing results. The SQL query is static, non-malicious, and does not involve user input beyond a database name argument. There are no signs of data leakage, backdoors, or malicious payloads. The code does not perform any network requests outside of database interactions, and the output is only the table sizes. The overall logic appears intended for database management or analysis, not malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward, benign CLI utility for retrieving database table sizes. There are no indicators of malicious intent, no obfuscation, and no suspicious behaviors. The script functions as a safe tool for database analysis within the expected scope.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}