{
  "purpose": "This module exports Node-RED node definitions for interacting with GPIO pins, sensors, and actuators on a Raspberry Pi, including executing Python scripts and spawning child processes for hardware control.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (__dirname), spawns child processes with control commands, reads stdout and stderr of spawned processes, and processes messages with payloads.",
  "sinks": "Writes to child process stdin, kills processes, logs information, updates node status, and emits messages based on untrusted payloads.",
  "flows": "Input messages trigger stdin writes to subprocesses; subprocess outputs are parsed and sent as messages; environment variables influence process spawning.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious domain connections are present. The code mainly spawns external processes and handles I/O. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected. Uses verbose logging and process control, which could be abused if compromised, but appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes by verifying Python script execution via execSync, then sets environment variables. It defines multiple node types for GPIO and sensor control, spawning subprocesses for each action and handling their output and errors. Data flows from subprocess stdout to message outputs, and from message payloads to subprocess stdin, with status updates. No suspicious data exfiltration, code injection, or malicious network activity is detected. All subprocess calls and environment variables are used in a typical manner for hardware control. No hardcoded secrets, malicious code, or backdoors are present. The code structure and process handling are consistent with standard practices, and no obfuscated code or malware indicators are found.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard GPIO and sensor control via external scripts and subprocesses, with proper process management and logging. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain attacks within this module. The use of subprocesses and environment variables aligns with normal operation, and no suspicious or malicious signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}