{
  "purpose": "This code defines React components and hooks related to a UI framework, likely for routing and view management in a React application using @uirouter/core.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from React props, React context, and external modules such as '@uirouter/core'. It also accesses properties on component instances and context data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include use of injector.get() to retrieve dependencies, and the creation of React elements with dynamic props. No evident network, file, or environment access occurs directly.",
  "flows": "Input data from React props, context, and dependency injection flows into component rendering, hook executions, and context providers. The useResolvesWithStringTokens function maps tokens to injected dependencies. Data flows into React component creation and rendering.",
  "anomalies": "The code is complex with many React hooks, context, and dependency injection patterns. However, no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. No obfuscated code, malicious network calls, or data exfiltration routines are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard React component implementation for view management with routing context. It uses dependency injection to resolve tokens, handles React lifecycle via hooks, and manages view state. The use of injector.get() could potentially be misused if injected dependencies are malicious, but on its own, this is typical for dependency-injected architectures. There is no evidence of malicious behaviors such as network communication, system modifications, or data theft. The code is well-structured, with no signs of obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious code snippets. The overall security risk is very low, and the malware likelihood is negligible.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical React-based view management component with dependency resolution and context handling. There are no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. It is a legitimate framework component with standard patterns. The security risk score is very low, and no malicious activity is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}