{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a precise decimal arithmetic library, providing functions for addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, rounding, and formatting of decimal numbers as strings to avoid floating-point inaccuracies.",
  "sources": "Input sources include function parameters for various operations, mainly string representations of numbers, and internal validation functions for number validation and normalization.",
  "sinks": "Data is processed internally for calculations; no direct output to external systems or network is observed. No unsafe code execution or external data leaks are evident.",
  "flows": "Inputs are validated and normalized; calculations proceed through string manipulations, splitting, and combining number parts, with no evident external data flows or malicious external interactions.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive string-based numerical operations but no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behaviors. It is complex but appears to serve as a high-precision math library without malicious intent. No obfuscated or malicious code is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of high-precision decimal arithmetic with functions for validation, formatting, arithmetic operations, and rounding. All functions operate on string inputs, validating and normalizing data before performing calculations. No suspicious external interactions, network activity, or malicious code patterns are present. The code does not contain obfuscation, hidden backdoors, or external data leaks. Its complexity and length could be mistaken for obfuscation but are consistent with a numerical library. No malicious signals or malware indicators are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a non-malicious high-precision decimal arithmetic library. It functions solely to perform and format decimal calculations, with no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}