{
  "purpose": "The code performs arithmetic calculations based on input expressions, supporting addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division, with handling for decimal precision.",
  "sources": "The input parameter 'expression' in the 'type' function, which can be a number or array; data is read when 'arithmetic' is invoked with arguments that are user-provided expressions.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe use of inputs in arithmetic operations; however, the operations themselves are straightforward calculations without external data effects. No data leakage, file access, network operations, or system commands are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from 'expression' through 'type' to 'arithmetic', where operators are applied to operands after type conversion. The result is computed purely within arithmetic functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. The code contains no dynamic code execution, eval, or similar features. No obfuscated code, no unusual variables or misleading code structures. The arithmetic functions seem intentionally designed for precise decimal handling.",
  "analysis": "The code provides basic arithmetic processing with attention to decimal precision by scaling calculations. It accepts user input as an array or number, converting and processing it step-by-step. There are no network calls, file operations, or external data leaks. The arithmetic functions are safe and do not perform any malicious actions. The code does not contain obfuscation, malicious backdoors, or malware indicators. It is a straightforward computational module with no apparent security risks or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a simple arithmetic calculation utility with proper handling for decimal precision. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, contain malware, or pose security threats. The code appears safe and intended solely for mathematical operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}