{
  "purpose": "The code implements the Handlebars templating engine, involving parsing templates into ASTs, compiling them into executable functions, and rendering output. It uses dynamic code generation via the Function constructor for performance and flexibility.",
  "sources": "Reads template strings, helper functions, and partials; processes input through parsing and AST generation; compiles code strings for execution.",
  "sinks": "Uses Function constructor to generate executable code from templates; invokes helpers and partials; constructs code strings that are evaluated at runtime.",
  "flows": "Template strings are parsed into ASTs, compiled into code strings, then converted into functions via Function constructor; during rendering, data flows into these functions, which execute to produce output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscation detected. The code involves standard dynamic code generation typical for template engines.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of Handlebars, involving parsing templates into ASTs, compiling them into JavaScript functions using string concatenation and the Function constructor, and executing these functions with provided data. This pattern is common in template engines for performance. No malicious code, sabotage, or obfuscation is present. The primary security concern is the inherent risk of code injection if untrusted templates or helpers are used, but this is a known and accepted pattern, not indicative of malicious intent. The code is well-structured, transparent, and free of hidden payloads or obfuscation. The use of dynamic Function creation is standard but should be used cautiously with untrusted input. Overall, the static code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard, open-source implementation of the Handlebars templating engine. It involves dynamic code generation via the Function constructor, which is typical for such libraries. No signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or obfuscation are evident. The primary security consideration is ensuring input templates and helpers are validated to prevent injection, but this is outside the scope of static analysis. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the inherent risk score is 0.2, reflecting typical template engine risks. Overall, the code is safe and suitable for use in supply chain contexts when input validation is maintained.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}