{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Vue.js calendar component library, facilitating calendar display and interaction within applications. It includes rendering logic, styling, and event handling, utilizing external dependencies.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from component props, including configuration options, event data, and user interactions via event handlers such as click, focus, blur, and change events.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows include setting component states (e.g., this.instance.value), and emitting or handling events that could be triggered by user input or external data sources. The code also interacts with external dependencies, but no direct data leaks are apparent.",
  "flows": "User interactions such as clicking dates, navigating, and selecting options flow from user input through event handlers to component state updates. Props provide configuration data that influence rendering and behavior. No dangerous flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors, are identified. The code mainly consists of standard Vue.js component definitions, styling, and event handling. No obfuscated or misleading code features are present. Use of external libraries appears standard and appropriate.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a typical Vue.js component implementing a calendar widget with extensive props for customization and event handlers for user interactions. It uses dependency injection for styles and supports internationalization via the $t function. No signs of malicious behavior, such as network calls to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors, are detected. The overall structure is consistent with UI component design, and no anomalous or obfuscated code segments are present. External dependencies are used in a conventional manner without evident security issues.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a Vue calendar component with no apparent malicious intent or security risks. It handles user interaction and data display securely within the scope of a UI library. No evidence of malware or malicious behavior was found.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}