{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Gulp build process for a web development project, automating tasks like compiling styles, minifying files, optimizing images, and setting up a local server.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from 'src' directory files (SCSS, LESS, CSS, JS, images, HTML). Configuration objects are used internally; no external input sources are apparent.",
  "sinks": "Generated files are written to 'dist' directory. No untrusted data output or network sinks are present within the code. The server setup involves serving static files over localhost.",
  "flows": "Build tasks process source files into optimized outputs. No data flows from untrusted sources into sensitive sinks; the server merely serves static content.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses deprecated 'browsers' option in autoprefixer; the 'runSequence' package is used for task sequencing, which is standard. No suspicious code or hardcoded credentials are evident. No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or hidden backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The script automates typical web development build steps without including any malicious or suspicious code. All dependencies are standard Gulp plugins related to build automation. There are no external data inputs that could be exploited. The server setup is straightforward, serving static files locally. Image resizing and optimization are performed with common plugins. The code does not contain any suspicious patterns such as network data exfiltration, system manipulation, or backdoors. The use of 'gulp-ignore' for image size filtering is standard for image processing workflows. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate build setup with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard Gulp build configuration script with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs typical tasks like compiling, minifying, optimizing, and serving static files for web development. No malware signals or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}