{
  "purpose": "Automates dependency installation by parsing Gruntfiles for 'grunt.loadNpmTasks' calls and installing missing packages via 'npm install --save-dev'.",
  "sources": "Reads Gruntfile.* and grunt.* files, extracts package names from 'grunt.loadNpmTasks' calls using regex.",
  "sinks": "Executes 'npm install <package> --save-dev' commands for each missing package identified.",
  "flows": "Reads file content -> matches 'grunt.loadNpmTasks' calls -> extracts package names -> runs 'npm install' for each missing package.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation, secrets, or suspicious network activity; code is straightforward. The script executes 'npm install' based on parsed input without validation.",
  "analysis": "The code correctly identifies missing dependencies by parsing Gruntfiles for 'grunt.loadNpmTasks' calls. It installs missing packages via 'npm install --save-dev'. The code is clear, with no obfuscation or malicious behavior. The primary concern is that it does not validate or sanitize package names extracted from files, which could be exploited if malicious or tampered files are used, leading to potential supply chain risks. The malware score is 0, as no malicious code is embedded. The risk score should be low (~0.1-0.2) for benign operation but justified at around 0.6 in the presence of unvalidated input that could lead to malicious package installation. The overall behavior is automation for dependency management, not malicious in itself.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a benign utility for automating dependency installation in Grunt projects. It does not contain malware or obfuscation. However, its lack of validation when executing 'npm install' based on parsed input introduces a supply chain security risk if input files are malicious or tampered with. The risk score should be elevated (~0.6) to reflect this potential, while the malware score remains 0. Overall, the code is safe but could be exploited in malicious environments if input validation is not added.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}