{
  "purpose": "This code performs non-maximum suppression on bounding box annotations, likely for object detection tasks, to filter overlapping or crossing bounding boxes based on a custom distance metric.",
  "sources": "Reads annotation JSON files from the filesystem using 'fs.readFileSync'. No other sources of untrusted data are apparent within the code.",
  "sinks": "No evident sinks that lead to data exfiltration, network transmission, or system modification. File reading is for local data ingestion only.",
  "flows": "Reads JSON files as sources, processes annotations through filtering and suppression functions, and outputs results within test assertions. No data flows to external systems or untrusted sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code is standard testing code for bounding box suppression; no unusual or suspicious behaviors, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are observed. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation present. The code performs straightforward data processing.",
  "analysis": "The code imports 'fs' for file system access, reads predefined JSON files containing annotation data, and applies a suppression algorithm with a custom distance function. The suppression logic involves typical operations such as filtering, mapping, and comparisons without any suspicious network activity, code injection, or malicious data handling. All operations appear legitimate and are confined to local file processing and in-memory computation. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious privacy violations are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a standard test suite for non-maximum suppression algorithms in object detection contexts. It reads annotation data files, processes them with defined suppression logic, and performs assertions on the output. There are no indications of malicious intent, malware, or security risks within the provided code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}