{
  "purpose": "Custom web component for rendering content fetched from a URL with optional scaling, designed for pre-rendering or preview purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads attributes 'href' and 'scale', fetches content from a constructed URL, and reads internal properties such as '_errorResponse', '_errorText', and '_html'. Also reads document events and window properties during 'connectedCallback' and 'attributeChangedCallback'.",
  "sinks": "Sets innerHTML of '_target' element, opens new window via 'window.open', updates style properties, and fires custom events for errors and fetch status.",
  "flows": "Fetches data from an external URL when 'href' changes, then updates innerHTML of a target element based on fetch response; also updates style based on 'scale'.",
  "anomalies": "Uses a third-party service 'https://cors-anywhere.herokuapp.com/' as a proxy for cross-origin fetches, which could be risky if misused. The fetch URL uses a 'https://render-tron.appspot.com/render/' endpoint, potentially exposing URL contents. The 'window.open' is triggered on any click, potentially leading to unwanted navigation. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns detected. No obfuscated code present. The code appears standard for a custom element.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom element 'pre-render-tron' that fetches and displays remote content. It uses 'fetch' with a CORS proxy, which could potentially be abused if misconfigured but is not inherently malicious. The 'handleClick' opens a new window to the URL specified in 'href', which could be used for phishing or unwanted navigation, but is common behavior for link-like components. No hardcoded credentials, no obfuscated code, and no suspicious network connections are evident beyond the usage of the CORS proxy. The code manages error states and fetch status, aligning with standard practices. Overall, it appears to be a benign component with typical features for content rendering.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard custom web component designed for fetching and rendering remote content, with typical features and no evident malicious behavior. The use of a CORS proxy and window.open should be noted but does not indicate malicious intent. No malicious signals or sabotage detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}