{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for text processing, object manipulation, and event handling within a JavaScript project.",
  "sources": "Code reads input from parameters such as strings, arrays, objects, and dependencies like 'StopWords', 'Base.js', 'SbEvent.js'. No external data sources or network inputs are present.",
  "sinks": "No sinks that lead to data exfiltration, network communication, or system modification are present. Debug logs and console statements are used for debugging purposes but do not act as data sinks.",
  "flows": "Data flows are internal within functions, such as expanding words, tokenizing text, and manipulating object properties. No external or untrusted data flows to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of debug and console.log statements, notably in 'setCreateElementArray', which could leak sensitive information if logs are exposed. Improper use of 'new Error()' without throwing or handling is a coding inefficiency but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of utility functions for string and object manipulation, with no network calls, no system modifications, and no dynamic code execution. Debug logs and console statements are standard during development but could potentially leak internal data if logs are exposed in production. No obfuscation techniques or malicious payloads are detected. The use of 'new Error()' without throwing is a minor coding mistake but not malicious. Overall, the code demonstrates benign behavior with minor security considerations related to logging.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility library with no signs of malicious intent or obfuscation. The minor security concern relates to debug and console logs that could leak sensitive information if logs are exposed, but this does not constitute malicious activity. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and security risk score is 0.2, reflecting typical development logging concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}