{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to encode and decode PNG and JPEG images using streams, primarily for image processing tasks such as encoding Bitmap objects to image formats and decoding images back into Bitmap objects.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from streams (instream, data), and properties of Bitmap objects (e.g., bitmap.data, bitmap.width, bitmap.height).",
  "sinks": "The code writes image data to output streams, and processes streams for decoding image formats. No data is sent over the network or stored outside the immediate process.",
  "flows": "Input streams (or Bitmap data) are processed through encoding/decoding functions, with data flowing from streams into image processing libraries and back to streams or Bitmap objects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code, such as hidden backdoors, obfuscated code, or hardcoded secrets. The code uses standard libraries for image processing. No dynamic execution or code injection is evident. Error handling appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code utilizes well-known modules ('pngjs', 'jpeg-js') to handle image encoding and decoding, with straightforward input validation and stream handling. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, hidden network connections, or backdoors. The functions only process image data streams and Bitmap objects. There are no suspicious hardcoded credentials, API keys, or external calls that could indicate sabotage. The flow is typical for image processing libraries. No obfuscation or obfuscated code is present. The error handling is conventional. Overall, the code appears to perform intended image processing tasks securely.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of image encoding and decoding functions using streams and does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. It operates solely on image data, with no evidence of malicious activity. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}