{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions to load JavaScript files from a directory and to flatten nested objects into a map with string keys.",
  "sources": "The code reads directory contents with 'fs.readdirSync' and file status with 'fs.lstatSync'. It also requires modules dynamically based on filenames.",
  "sinks": "Dynamic 'require' calls based on directory files, which could execute arbitrary code if malicious files are present. No other untrusted data sinks identified.",
  "flows": "Directory listing -> Conditional check -> For each file: check extension -> dynamic require -> optional function invocation",
  "anomalies": "Dynamic require of files based on directory contents, which could be exploited if malicious files are introduced. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious logic observed.",
  "analysis": "The 'loadDir' function verifies it's running in Node.js, then reads a directory, filters files by extension and name, and dynamically requires modules. It can execute arbitrary code if malicious files are added to the directory. The 'flattenToMap' function flattens nested objects into key-value pairs, which appears standard and safe. There are no signs of obfuscation, malware, or malicious behavior. The dynamic require is a potential risk if the directory contents are not trusted, but this is a normal pattern for plugin-like systems.\n\nNo hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are detected. The only potential security concern is executing files from a directory that could be controlled by an attacker, which is outside the scope of this code but worth noting.\n\nOverall, the code does not contain malware or malicious intent on its own. The main risk is the dynamic require which depends on the trustworthiness of the directory content.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs directory-based module loading and object flattening without malicious behavior. Its main security consideration is the use of dynamic require, which requires trusted directory contents. No malware or suspicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}