{
  "purpose": "This code defines a random variable generator class with multiple methods for generating various statistical distributions, utilizing different underlying pseudo-random number generators, primarily for stochastic simulations or statistical analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from method parameters (e.g., 'params', 'uniforms', 'uniform'), environment variables (not explicitly used here), and internally from the pseudo-random generator functions.",
  "sinks": "Generated random numbers used within statistical distribution methods; no external data sinks or network calls are present.",
  "flows": "Inputs (parameters/uniforms) influence the configuration of the PRNG; the generator yields values that are used in distribution calculations, with no external data flows outside the module.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no unusual code structures. No suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hidden backdoors. The code relies on imported modules (lcg, gof, runs), which are not visible here, but their usage appears standard. No network operations or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of statistical random variate generators, configurable via parameters for different distributions. It employs a typical PRNG (linear congruential) with options for custom generators or specified parameters. No code injection, external data leaks, or malicious behaviors detected. The methods are mathematically standard, and the code structure is clear and legitimate. The only potential concern could be misuse of the PRNG, but that is a normal part of stochastic simulation. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard statistical random variate generator class with configurable PRNG options. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It appears to be a legitimate utility for stochastic simulation or analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}