{
  "purpose": "This code provides a React component for sortable, pageable, and searchable data tables, using external libraries for sorting and filtering.",
  "sources": "Inputs include 'props' such as data, defaultSortBy, defaultDirection, activePage, searchQuery, and external libraries 'matchSorter' and 'lodash.sortby'.",
  "sinks": "Data flow primarily involves reading from props, internal state, and rendering data. No untrusted data is explicitly written to sensitive system resources or transmitted externally within this code.",
  "flows": "Data is retrieved from props or state (sources), processed via sorting and filtering functions, paginated, and passed to the render function (sink).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. Use of external libraries is standard; no dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present. The license comment is standard and non-malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a React component with typical data management for sortable, searchable, and paginated tables. The functions for sorting, pagination, and search are straightforward and rely on well-known libraries. No malicious logic, network requests, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The only external dependencies are 'matchSorter' and 'lodash.sortby', which are legitimate libraries for data operations. The license comments are standard and do not indicate malicious intent. No suspicious code patterns, backdoors, or embedded malware signatures identified. The code reads input data via props, manipulates it locally, and provides functions for UI interactions without external or insecure operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign React component for data management with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It functions as intended for data sorting, pagination, and search features without external network activity or sensitive data handling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}