{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React component for data sorting, pagination, and searching with utility functions for sorting and paginating data, used for rendering sortable tables or lists.",
  "sources": "Imports from 'react', 'prop-types', 'match-sorter', 'lodash.sortby', and internal utility functions defined within the file.",
  "sinks": "The code does not include any direct sinks such as network requests, file system operations, or system commands. It primarily manages component state and rendering logic.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props (e.g., data, activePage, sortBy, searchQuery) through internal state management, with user interactions triggering state updates (e.g., search, sort, pagination). No external untrusted data flows to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard implementation for a React data table component with sorting, pagination, and search. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The license comment is standard. No obfuscation or unusual language features are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility functions for calculating pages, sorting, and paginating data, used within a React class component 'DataSort'. The component manages sorting, pagination, and search state, with controlled and uncontrolled modes. It uses 'match-sorter' for searching and 'lodash.sortby' for sorting. The logic is straightforward, focusing on UI state management without external side effects or network activity. No suspicious or malicious patterns, code injection, data leaks, or system modifications are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical React data handling component for user interface features like sorting and searching. There are no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks. It appears safe and intended for UI data presentation purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}