{
  "purpose": "This code implements a heatmap visualization library called simpleheat, allowing users to set data points, adjust visualization parameters, and render a heatmap on an HTML canvas.",
  "sources": "The code reads the canvas element provided during initialization and any data points added via the 'data' or 'add' methods.",
  "sinks": "The code writes image data to the canvas context during drawing and colorization processes; it does not write to external systems or files.",
  "flows": "Data points are added and stored in '_data'. When 'draw' is invoked, data points are rendered as blurred circles, then colorized using the gradient, resulting in visual output on the canvas.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network calls, or backdoors are present. The code uses standard graphics manipulation and does not perform any unusual operations. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is detected. The only notable dynamic behavior is canvas creation in different environments, which is standard for cross-platform libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a simple heatmap visualization library with methods for setting data, adjusting parameters like radius and gradient, and rendering the heatmap on a canvas. It uses standard techniques for drawing blurred circles and applying color gradients to produce a heatmap. No external data fetching, network connections, or system modifications are present. The code appears to be self-contained and intended solely for visualization purposes. No signs of malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or system sabotage, are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a straightforward, non-malicious implementation of a heatmap visualization library. It does not contain malware or security risks, and there are no suspicious behaviors observed. The code appears safe and purely graphical in nature.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}