{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to generate CSS filter style strings for image manipulation, such as contrast, brightness, hue rotation, saturation, sepia, and grayscale adjustments.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from function parameters (props object) for filter values such as contrast, brightness, hue, saturation, sepia, and grayscale. These are user-controlled or external inputs passed at runtime.",
  "sinks": "Generated CSS filter strings, which could be applied to DOM elements. There are no direct sinks that lead to system commands or network activity.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (props object) through functions that generate CSS style strings, which are then likely applied to DOM elements for visual effects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. Functions are straightforward and only produce CSS strings based on parameters. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code. The code is clean, structured, and does not perform any suspicious operations.",
  "analysis": "The code consists solely of functions that generate CSS filter property strings based on input parameters. All functions are purely functional, returning CSS strings without side effects. The inputs are values like contrast, brightness, hue, saturation, sepia, grayscale, which are typical for styling purposes. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code does not handle or process untrusted input in a way that would lead to injection vulnerabilities, as it merely constructs strings for CSS application. It is unlikely to be malicious or maliciously manipulated. The structure and purpose appear legitimate and benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions for generating CSS filter strings for image styling. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. The code is straightforward, safe, and serves a purely aesthetic purpose without any suspicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}