{
  "purpose": "Factory class for deploying and interacting with the Uniswap multicall smart contract, generated automatically for ease of use.",
  "sources": "Static ABI and bytecode, no external input or data reading beyond standard contract deployment and interaction functions.",
  "sinks": "No untrusted data sinks or external data leaks; functions only interact with blockchain state and contract data.",
  "flows": "No source-to-sink data flows involving untrusted input; standard deployment and connection flows within blockchain context.",
  "anomalies": "Absence of suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious constructs; code is straightforward and autogenerated.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical autogenerated factory class for deploying and interfacing with a specific Ethereum smart contract. It contains static ABI and bytecode, with standard methods for deployment, connection, and interface creation. No external data handling, user input processing, or network communication beyond blockchain interactions is present. The bytecode appears standard, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious patterns. The code aligns with common patterns generated by tools like TypeChain or ethers.js. No anomalies or suspicious features are detected. The malware score is correctly set to 0, indicating no malicious intent. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. The security risk score is very low (0.1), reflecting the minimal security concern of a standard contract factory. Overall, the code is safe, standard, and free of vulnerabilities or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard, autogenerated factory for deploying and interacting with a known Ethereum smart contract. It contains no malicious or suspicious patterns, no obfuscation, and no external data leaks. The malware score is 0, the obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is 0.1, indicating minimal risk. The code is safe for use and poses no security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}