{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a JavaScript module that sets up and exports a function or object, possibly for use in a larger application. The specific purpose is unclear due to obfuscated or minimized code, but it may relate to network or data processing tasks.",
  "sources": "Reads data from environment variables, function parameters, or possibly external sources such as network responses. Specific source points are not explicitly clear due to minified code.",
  "sinks": "Potentially writes data to network connections, logs, or files. Sinks may include network requests, console logs, or file system writes, which are common in both benign and malicious code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from sources (environment variables, input parameters) through processing functions and then to sinks such as network requests or file outputs. Due to obfuscation, exact paths are not fully transparent.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears heavily minified or obfuscated, which is often a red flag. No obvious hardcoded credentials or API keys are visible, but the obfuscation itself warrants caution. No clear use of suspicious domain connections or system modifications is visible.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily minified or obfuscated, making direct analysis challenging. It sets up some functions or objects but without clear logic or comments. No evident malicious actions like data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system damage are obvious. However, obfuscation can hide malicious intent, so caution is warranted. No suspicious domain calls, cryptomining, or backdoors are explicitly identifiable. The use of environment variables or external inputs is possible, but details are obscured. Without unminified or source code, the risk remains uncertain, but no direct malicious activity is evident from the visible structure.",
  "conclusion": "The code is heavily obfuscated/minified, making definitive assessment difficult. No explicit malicious behaviors are apparent; however, the obfuscation itself raises suspicion. No clear indicators of malware, data leakage, or sabotage are identified within the visible code. Due to the lack of clarity, a low confidence level is assigned, and caution should be exercised if used in production.",
  "confidence": 0.4,
  "obfuscated": 1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 4
}