{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate a customizable flower-shaped SVG visualization with interactive tooltips, used for data representation within a React application.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'data' array passed as props, 'datum' is used within rendering functions, and configuration values are retrieved via 'callOrGetValue'.",
  "sinks": "SVG elements rendering the shapes, tooltips displaying 'tooltip(datum)', and React components. No direct data leaks or unsafe sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'props.data' through 'map' into 'Polygon' components, with 'value' and styling properties flowing from props and functions like 'callOrGetValue'. Tooltips display 'tooltip(datum)'.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The code primarily performs geometric calculations for SVG paths and React rendering. No suspicious network activity, code injection, or malicious behavior is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines helper functions and React components to render a flower-shaped SVG visualization. The 'getShapePoints' function computes SVG path commands based on data and center coordinates, with no dynamic code execution or external data fetching. The 'Polygon' component uses passed-in styling and data to generate SVG paths. The 'Flower' component renders multiple 'Polygon's based on input data, with optional tooltips. No indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote control, or backdoors are present. All functions perform calculations and rendering logic consistent with data visualization purposes, with no obfuscated or suspicious code patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a data visualization React component that generates SVG flower shapes with interactive tooltips. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The code is well-structured for visualization, with no suspicious patterns or data leaks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}