{
  "purpose": "The script initializes and generates a project structure with specific templates, configurations, and device support, primarily for quick app development.",
  "sources": "User input via inquirer.prompt for project name, device types, and parameters; file system reads and writes for templates and configuration files; environment variables and package.json data.",
  "sinks": "File writes for configuration files (manifest.json, package.json, config-*.json); console logs; copying files from template directories; reading and parsing JSON files.",
  "flows": "User input (project name, device types) → project directory creation → copying template files → modifying JSON configs → writing updated configs to disk.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code; use of external packages for file operations and prompts appears standard. The code checks for existing directories and prompts for project name, which is typical for project scaffolding tools. No obfuscated or minified code present. No network activity or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard Node.js modules and external libraries for filesystem, path handling, pattern matching, user prompts, and colored console output. It prompts the user for project name and creates a directory structure accordingly. Templates are selected based on device types and project type. Configuration files are read, modified with project-specific data, and saved. The code ensures directories do not already exist before creation and warns about unsupported device types. No input is processed that would lead to injection or leakage; all operations are local file manipulations. No suspicious or malicious behavior such as network requests, system modifications, or data exfiltration is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a project scaffolding tool for quick app development, performing safe file operations, user prompts, and template handling. It does not contain malicious code, backdoors, or malware signatures. No security risks or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}