{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a module exporting various React components and utility functions related to charting, wind rose calculations, and directional classification, likely for data visualization purposes.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from React component states, DOM elements (via refs), environment checks (typeof window), and input parameters for calculations and rendering.",
  "sinks": "No obvious sinks such as network requests, file writes, or sensitive data outputs are present. Potential data leaks could theoretically occur via DOM manipulations or console logs, but none are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and environment state into calculations (e.g., wind direction, wind rose) and rendering functions, with no evident untrusted data flows leading to critical effects or leaks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors detected. The code is heavily minified/obfuscated-looking but is consistent with minified third-party visualization libraries. There are no dynamic code evaluations, evals, or suspicious string manipulations. No unusual or malicious code patterns found.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified bundle exporting React components and utility functions for charting and wind data visualization. It uses standard React hooks, DOM interactions, and data processing for rendering SVG-based wind rose charts. No indications of malicious behavior such as network communication, system modification, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The structure and content are typical for a visualization library, and no obfuscated malicious code was identified. The code relies on external dependencies ('react', 'react/jsx-runtime') but does not internally execute untrusted code or perform suspicious operations.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate, minified visualization module focused on wind data and chart rendering. No malicious activity, sabotage, or malicious data flows were detected. It is consistent with standard visualization library code, with no suspicious signals.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}