{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define a set of React components and utility functions for rendering wind rose charts and related visualizations, including chart configuration, direction classification, and wind data processing.",
  "sources": "Data is read from external dependencies (require calls to 'react', 'react/jsx-runtime') and from input parameters such as chartData, columns, and wind directions. No direct user input or environment variables are explicitly read within the provided code.",
  "sinks": "The code performs DOM manipulations and rendering via React and D3-like SVG path generation, but does not include network requests, system modifications, or file operations. No unsafe or dangerous data leakage points are evident.",
  "flows": "Input data (chartData, wind directions, etc.) flows into chart rendering functions, with internal transformations and SVG element generation. No untrusted data flows directly into system or network sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes obfuscated or minified style code (complex function definitions, dynamic function creation), but this appears to be part of a visualization library rather than malicious obfuscation. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines React components and charting utilities, with React hooks managing size and rendering updates. There is no evidence of network activity, system modifications, or malicious data exfiltration. The complexity and obfuscation seem to be related to SVG path calculations and chart logic. No signs of malware such as data theft, remote command execution, or backdoors are present. The use of external dependencies is typical for a visualization package, and no malicious code injection points are evident.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a visualization library for wind rose charts implemented with React. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms. Its complexity and obfuscation are consistent with a library designed for rendering graphics, not for malicious purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}