{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to send deployment notifications to a Slack channel via a webhook, including changelog information and customizable messages.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (SLACK_WEBHOOK_URL, STAGE, VERSION, TITLE, COLOR, EMOJI, MAX_BLOCKS, CUSTOM_MESSAGE, CHANGELOG_PATH, FAILS_IF_NOT_SENT), file system reads (changelog files), user input through environment variables.",
  "sinks": "HTTPS request to the Slack webhook URL, potentially exposing sensitive data if misused, and reading from filesystem which could be manipulated if paths are controlled externally.",
  "flows": "Environment variables are read as sources; getChangelog() reads files based on changelogPath, stage, version; notificationBody() constructs payloads using these sources; sendSlackMessage() sends data over HTTPS to the webhook URL.",
  "anomalies": "No malicious code or backdoors present; no hardcoded credentials or suspicious network activity; environment variables are used for sensitive info, which is typical. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily reads environment variables for configuration, constructs a message payload for Slack, and sends it via HTTPS. It reads changelog files dynamically based on stage and version, with fallback filenames. The HTTPS request is correctly constructed with JSON stringification and error handling. No malicious activity such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or backdoors is detected. The code does not perform any suspicious network connections outside the intended Slack webhook, nor does it contain hidden or obfuscated code. Usage of environment variables is standard for configuration. The only potential concern is reliance on environment variables for sensitive data, which is common and not inherently malicious. No anomalies or malicious intent identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard deployment notification script with no malicious intent. It reads environment variables and files to construct a Slack message and sends it securely via HTTPS. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident. The script is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}