{
  "purpose": "The script sends a notification message to a Slack webhook, including optional changelog information and customizable message content.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (SLACK_WEBHOOK_URL, STAGE, VERSION, TITLE, COLOR, EMOJI, MAX_BLOCKS, CUSTOM_MESSAGE, CHANGELOG_PATH, FAILS_IF_NOT_SENT) and reads changelog files from filesystem based on these variables.",
  "sinks": "Makes an HTTPS POST request to the Slack webhook URL with a JSON payload; reads changelog files from the filesystem.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and filesystem data (changelog content) serve as sources; data is formatted into a JSON payload and sent via HTTPS request to the webhook URL; the request's response is read and logged.",
  "anomalies": "Potentially risky: reading changelog files based on user environment variables, which could lead to reading unintended files if variables are manipulated. The code parses a customMessage JSON string directly from environment variable without sanitization, which may lead to code injection if the input is malicious. The script does not sanitize or validate the environment variables or the custom message content before usage. The HTTPS request options have a typo in 'header' instead of 'headers', but it doesn't seem to affect functionality significantly. No evidence of backdoors, hidden code, or malicious network activity. The code's purpose is benign: sending notifications, with no cryptomining or data exfiltration evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily for sending formatted notifications to Slack using webhooks, with optional changelog inclusion. It reads input data from environment variables and filesystem, then constructs a JSON payload to be sent via HTTPS request. The only notable concern is the direct parsing of 'customMessage' from environment variables without validation, which could be exploited for JSON injection if an attacker controls the environment variable content. The code does not connect to external domains other than the Slack webhook URL, does not perform any data exfiltration, system modification, or hidden actions. There is no obfuscated or malicious code present. Overall, the script's functions are straightforward, and there are no indications of malicious intent or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate notification sender for deployment updates. It reads configuration and changelog data, formats a Slack message, and posts it to a webhook. Although it processes external input, there is no evidence of malicious or sabotage behavior. The main concern is the unsanitized usage of 'customMessage' from environment variables, which could lead to JSON injection if misused, but this is not inherently malicious. Overall, the script appears safe with no malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}