{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to embed Wolfram notebooks into web pages, including loading external scripts and styles, fetching notebook data, and creating a shadow DOM container for embedding content.",
  "sources": "External script URLs (installScript, loadLibrary), XMLHttpRequest for fetching notebook data, dynamic script tag creation, and DOM elements for styles and scripts.",
  "sinks": "Loading external scripts (installScript, loadLibrary), XMLHttpRequest responses for notebook data, DOM manipulations for styles/scripts, and embedding content via library functions.",
  "flows": "Sources such as script URLs and AJAX responses feed into sinks like script injection and DOM updates. Dynamic script creation and style insertion are chained to library loading and notebook data fetching.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically constructs callback function names for JSONP, which could potentially be exploited if URL inputs are maliciously crafted. No explicit hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No obfuscation or misleading variable names observed.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up mechanisms to load external scripts and styles, including handling JSONP callbacks via unique function names. It fetches notebook data via XMLHttpRequest, with proper success and error handling. It supports shadow DOM embedding, dynamically inserts styles, and manages script loading, all of which are standard practices. No suspicious or malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, system modification, or cryptomining code, is evident. The code appears to serve a legitimate purpose of embedding Wolfram notebooks with flexible styling and script management. The only minor concern is reliance on dynamic callback naming, but this is a common pattern for JSONP and does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation for embedding notebooks with external script/style loading and JSONP data fetching. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. It is safe based on the provided code. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}