{
  "purpose": "The code provides a JavaScript library for embedding Wolfram notebooks into web pages, including functions for loading external scripts and styles, retrieving notebook data, and managing Shadow DOM for style isolation.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from external URLs via XMLHttpRequest, loads scripts dynamically by appending <script> tags, and accesses DOM elements for style management.",
  "sinks": "External script loading and XMLHttpRequest responses can handle untrusted data, but no data is explicitly sent or leaked in the code. The code dynamically loads scripts and styles but does not appear to transmit data elsewhere.",
  "flows": "Sources include URL fetching for notebook data and external script loading. These flow into script execution and DOM modifications. No direct flow from untrusted input to sensitive sinks is evident, though dynamic script injection could be exploited if URLs are compromised.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic script loading with callback functions to resolve promises, which is standard. It patches style insertion by overriding appendChild, which is a common technique. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. The style patching mechanism is elaborate but not suspicious by itself. No obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic execution, or misleading variables are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical open-source style for embedding content dynamically into web pages. It employs standard practices such as dynamic script loading, Shadow DOM for style encapsulation, and AJAX requests for fetching notebook data. The callback pattern for loading libraries is common. The style patching method ensures styles are correctly inserted and managed, which is legitimate. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or hidden malicious behaviors are observable. The code does not handle or store user input beyond URL parameters and does not execute untrusted code in an unsafe manner. It relies on external scripts and data, but this is typical for embedding widgets.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation for embedding Wolfram notebooks, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It carefully manages style insertion and script loading, avoiding suspicious patterns. The only potential concern is reliance on external URLs, which could be compromised, but this is typical for such libraries.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}