{
  "purpose": "This code appears to facilitate embedding Wolfram notebooks into web pages by dynamically loading scripts, styles, and fetching notebook data from Wolfram Cloud endpoints.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from network sources via XMLHttpRequest, dynamically loads scripts from external URLs, and accesses document elements such as <script>, <link>, and <style>. It also processes input parameters for notebook embedding.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include external script injection via document.createElement('script') and appending scripts/styles to DOM, network requests for fetching notebook data, and dynamic script loading which could execute remote code if compromised.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-provided source URLs or objects into network requests; the responses are parsed and used to load scripts and styles; scripts are dynamically injected into the document; and embedded notebooks are instantiated via external libraries.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secret tokens are present. The script performs dynamic script and style injection with external URLs, which can be malicious if those URLs are compromised. The code creates global callback functions with incremented names, which could potentially be misused if external scripts are malicious. There is no obfuscation; the code is relatively straightforward. No hidden or suspicious functions are detected. The logic for sandboxing or security boundaries appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard library for embedding Wolfram notebooks by dynamically loading scripts, styles, and fetching notebook data from specified URLs. It employs promises, DOM manipulation, and dynamic script injection—common in embedding libraries. It manages external dependencies carefully by tracking loaded scripts and patching style insertions to prevent style leaks. No code exhibits obfuscated patterns, hardcoded secrets, or malicious network activity. All network requests seem directed toward legitimate Wolfram endpoints, and the code performs typical operations for its purpose. The creation of global callback functions for JSONP is a known pattern for cross-origin data fetching, not inherently malicious. Overall, the code operates within expected bounds for its functionality, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical open-source embedding library for Wolfram notebooks. It dynamically loads scripts, styles, and fetches data from trusted Wolfram cloud endpoints. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It does not contain obfuscated code, backdoors, or hidden data exfiltration. The security risk score is low, and confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}