{
  "purpose": "This source code provides functions for browser-side syntax highlighting and pretty printing of code contained in HTML elements, supporting multiple programming languages and facilitating syntax-aware code display.",
  "sources": "Code reads source code from innerHTML of DOM elements, extracts text nodes, and processes class attributes for language detection. It also reads user input through DOM manipulation and attributes.",
  "sinks": "Uses DOM methods such as innerHTML, createElement, appendChild, replaceChild, and nodeValue to modify webpage content. It applies styles and classes to enhance code display. No direct data leaks or external data transmission is observed.",
  "flows": "Source code is extracted from DOM elements, processed through language-specific lexers and decorators, then reintegrated into DOM with styling. The flow is strictly within client-side DOM manipulation without external network communication.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious network calls are present. The code heavily manipulates DOM elements for syntax highlighting, but all operations are consistent with its stated purpose. No hidden backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious code are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive syntax highlighting library that extracts code snippets from HTML elements, applies language-specific lexers and decorators, and updates the DOM to display styled code. It includes functions for line numbering, splitting code lines, and handling embedded source content. No external network requests, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code is complex but focused on client-side rendering. It does not contain any malicious patterns such as system commands, network transmissions, or credential access. All operations align with syntax highlighting and code formatting functionalities.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a syntax highlighting and pretty printing library for web pages, with no malicious intent or suspicious behaviors detected. It is solely focused on client-side code formatting and styling, without external communication or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}