{
  "purpose": "The source code provides functions for browser-side syntax highlighting and pretty printing of code embedded in HTML pages. It handles language detection, tokenization, and DOM manipulation to style code snippets.",
  "sources": "Reads HTML DOM nodes, including <pre>, <code>, and <xmp> tags, and their class attributes for language detection; reads innerHTML and nodeValues for code content.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM nodes by replacing or wrapping text nodes with styled span elements; updates innerHTML of containers; manipulates class names for styling.",
  "flows": "Extracts code from DOM nodes -> tokenizes and applies language-specific styles -> recombines styled spans into DOM nodes, replacing original content.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code contains extensive tokenization, DOM manipulation, and language registration, but all appear to serve syntax highlighting functions. No external network connections, data exfiltration, or system commands are present.",
  "analysis": "Reviewed the code for potential malicious behavior, including network activity, backdoors, or data leaks. The script primarily provides syntax highlighting features via DOM manipulations and pattern matching. No code indicates attempts to send data over network, execute hidden commands, or modify system files. It registers multiple language handlers and performs DOM updates to style code snippets. No obfuscated or suspicious code segments are present. The code relies on standard DOM and regex operations to achieve syntax highlighting. No evidence of malicious intent or sabotage was found. The code appears to be a comprehensive implementation of a client-side syntax highlighter, with functions for source extraction, tokenization, and DOM decoration, all consistent with legitimate usage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured syntax highlighting library for browsers, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It does not contain hidden network activity or data exfiltration. Its primary purpose is beautification of code snippets on web pages. The security risk score is low, and confidence is high that this code is safe.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}