{
  "purpose": "This code is a browser-side syntax highlighting and pretty-printing library for various programming languages and markup formats. It formats source code embedded in HTML for improved readability and styling.",
  "sources": "Reads HTML elements such as <pre>, <code>, <xmp> with class=prettyprint and class specifying language extensions; extracts source code from DOM nodes and attributes; accesses element class names and styles.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM nodes' innerText, nodeValue, and classNames; injects styled <span> elements; generates and replaces source code text nodes with styled versions.",
  "flows": "Extracts source code from DOM nodes -> applies language-specific lexers and decorators -> generates styled decorations -> recombines styled spans with DOM nodes.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily focused on syntax highlighting; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network calls are present. It operates entirely within DOM manipulation and regex-based tokenization. No obfuscated or suspicious code structures are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script is a well-structured syntax highlighting library designed for client-side code formatting. It defines various language keywords and styles, extracts source code from DOM nodes, tokenizes code using regex patterns, applies syntax-specific decorations, and reinserts styled code into the page. No network calls, data leaks, or malicious functions are detected. The code's complexity is consistent with a feature-rich syntax highlighter, and it does not perform any harmful actions. The license comments and code structure are transparent, with no hidden or obfuscated behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign syntax highlighting library used for prettifying code snippets in web pages. It contains no malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It solely manipulates DOM elements and applies styling for readability. Confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}