{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component that renders a chart using Chart.js, wrapped for module compatibility. It facilitates chart rendering with configurable data and options.",
  "sources": "Requires external modules: 'chart.js', 'lodash.debounce', 'lodash.isequal', and 'react'. It reads configuration props like type, data, options, style, width, height, and className. Loads Chart.js dynamically via require.",
  "sinks": "Uses the Chart.js constructor to create a chart instance with given configuration. The code does not directly write or send data externally. No other external sinks or network communications are present.",
  "flows": "Input props (type, data, options, style, dimensions) flow into the draw() method, which constructs a Chart.js configuration object and instantiates a chart. The chart instance is stored internally but is not exposed externally.",
  "anomalies": "The componentWillUnmounted method is incorrectly named; React lifecycle method is componentWillUnmount. The code uses Promise.resolve().then() with require for dynamic loading, which is standard. No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. No hidden or unusual behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component wrapping Chart.js for rendering charts. It uses React lifecycle methods, dynamic require for Chart.js, and lodash for debouncing and deep comparison. The dynamic require pattern is typical for code-splitting or lazy loading. The component manages the chart's lifecycle correctly, apart from a naming typo in 'componentWillUnmounted'. There are no signs of malicious behavior, hidden data leaks, network activity, or backdoors. The code appears clean, straightforward, and intended solely for rendering charts.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React wrapper for Chart.js with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. The only minor issue is a typo in the lifecycle method name, which could prevent proper cleanup, but this does not imply malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}