{
  "purpose": "A lightweight library to integrate Google reCAPTCHA v3 and fallback to v2, with automatic detection of dark mode, designed for client-side verification of human users.",
  "sources": "Reads the global 'grecaptcha' object, dynamically creates script tags to load external Google reCAPTCHA API, accesses document.styleSheets to modify CSS, and reads class elements such as 'g-recaptcha'. It also reads input parameters passed to functions, including URLs, tokens, and callback functions.",
  "sinks": "Makes network POST requests to provided server URL with token data, potentially exposing tokens or user activity if the server URL is malicious. Invokes callback functions supplied by the user, which could potentially be exploited if untrusted or malicious functions are supplied.",
  "flows": "External API tokens are generated via grecaptcha.execute and sent to serverURL with token as query param; server response is used to determine whether to proceed or trigger challenge. User-supplied functions (submitFn) are called upon successful verification. CSS modifications are made to hide the recaptcha badge.",
  "anomalies": "Hides the recaptcha badge by injecting CSS, which may violate Google's terms of service. The script uses a global 'recaptcha' object without proper encapsulation, possibly overwriting existing variables. The script dynamically loads external scripts without verifying their integrity. It exposes tokens via network requests and logs debug messages. No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors detected. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes by dynamically loading the Google reCAPTCHA script if not already loaded, and suppresses the badge visibility via CSS injection. It defines a 'recaptcha' object with methods to perform score-based verification ('checkScore') and challenge response ('checkChallengeResult'). These methods handle token generation, API communication, and invoking user callbacks. The external API calls transmit tokens and scores to server URLs specified at runtime. The CSS hiding of badge may violate Google’s terms but is not inherently malicious. The code does not include any suspicious data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware behavior. Its primary function is legitimate reCAPTCHA verification, with optional suppression of badge display, which could be used to mislead users but not necessarily malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward, lightweight implementation of Google reCAPTCHA integration with additional CSS hiding. It does not contain any evident malicious behavior or malware, though the badge suppression might be considered unethical or against terms of use. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are detected. Its network activity is limited to communication with Google reCAPTCHA API and a user-supplied server URL, which, if malicious, could be misused but this is a common pattern in such integrations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}