{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for managing cookies and local/session storage, including setting, retrieving, and deleting data. It appears intended for client-side storage management in a web application.",
  "sources": "Data sources include function parameters such as 'key', 'val', 'days', 'path', 'domain', and the cookie string from 'window.document.cookie'. Storage data is read from 'localStorage' or 'sessionStorage'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are cookie setting via 'document.cookie', localStorage/sessionStorage access for get/set/remove, and JSON parsing/stringifying, which could lead to code injection if untrusted data is used improperly.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., 'key', 'val') flows into functions where data is serialized with JSON.stringify and stored in cookies or web storage. Retrieval involves reading from cookies or storage and deserializing via JSON.parse. No external network communication occurs.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs standard storage operations; however, it lacks validation or sanitization of 'key' and 'val' inputs, which could be exploited if malicious data is passed. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. No obfuscation or unusual code patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The functions are straightforward wrappers around cookie and web storage APIs. They encode/decode data with JSON, which is standard practice. The cookie functions set expiration and domain/path attributes but do not include any hidden or malicious code. Storage functions check for availability of localStorage/sessionStorage and perform standard operations. No suspicious behaviors or anomalies are identified. The code does not interact with external systems, nor does it contain any code injection, backdoors, or malicious payloads. The lack of input validation is a minor concern but not malicious in itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of cookie and local/session storage management utilities. No malicious intent or malicious behavior is detected. The functions perform typical data storage tasks without security vulnerabilities or sabotage mechanisms.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}