{
  "purpose": "This module manages WebRTC peer connections and signalling for a multi-peer communication system, likely for video/audio/data streaming.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration options from 'options' parameter, such as server URL, id, stream, peerOptions, room; reads stream data when sharing media; reads messages/signals from signalling server.",
  "sinks": "Sends signalling messages and broadcast data via websocket; transmits data over established RTC data channels.",
  "flows": "Reads configuration and initial setup from options -> connects to signalling server -> receives peer list and server info -> exchanges signalling messages -> establishes peer-to-peer connections -> transmits data through data channels.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; usage of 'shortid' for peer IDs is benign; no obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution observed. Settings for sharing media are configurable. No suspicious network endpoints are hardcoded.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages peer connections using 'socket.io' for signalling and 'simple-peer' for WebRTC data channels. It includes functions for initializing peers, handling signals, broadcasting data, and managing peer events. No code that leaks data, connects to suspicious domains, mines cryptocurrency, or creates backdoors is present. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malicious behaviors are detected. The code properly handles peer connection lifecycle, and the use of external libraries appears standard. The only potential concern could be if the signaling server URL is malicious, but that depends on user input, not embedded malicious code. Overall, the code appears focused on legitimate peer connection management without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a peer connection manager for a WebRTC-based communication system. No evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage is found. It is standard in purpose, with no suspicious or harmful code segments identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}