{
  "purpose": "This module manages WebRTC peer-to-peer connections and signaling via a WebSocket server, enabling media and data sharing among multiple peers in a room.",
  "sources": "Input sources include the signaling server messages ('ready', 'peers', 'message', 'broadcast', 'new peer'), as well as peer-generated events ('signal', 'stream', 'connect', 'data', 'close', 'error'). Data can originate from signaling messages, peer streams, and user interactions invoking send functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include peer.send() for data channels, emitting signaling messages to the server, and streams to media elements or other parts of the app. The code can send data over WebRTC data channels and signaling server messages, which could be misused if manipulated.",
  "flows": "Data flows from signaling server messages to peer connections (via _handleSignal and _newPeer), from peers to the app through event emissions, and from the app to peers via sendToAll, sendToPeer, and broadcast methods. Signaling data (such as 'signal' messages) flows from the peer to the local peer object, then over signaling server messages, and vice versa.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code dynamically generates peer IDs with 'shortid'. No evidence of backdoors, code injection, or suspicious network behavior is observed. All event handlers seem standard for WebRTC signaling. However, the code automatically initiates peer connections without user confirmation, which could be used for unwanted network activity if misused. There is no explicit data exfiltration or malicious network activity observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical WebRTC signaling client that connects to a signaling server, manages peer connections, and facilitates media and data exchange. It handles signaling via WebSocket messages, creates peer instances, manages their lifecycle, and provides methods for sending data. It does not include any obfuscated code, hidden network requests to suspicious domains, or hardcoded secrets. All network interactions are with expected signaling protocols and peer connections. The use of 'shortid' for peer IDs is standard. The peer connection setup and event handling are typical and do not indicate malicious intent. No data leaks, credential theft, or covert channels are detected. The code’s design facilitates peer-to-peer communication, which can be exploited if integrated into malicious applications, but the code itself appears benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a standard WebRTC signaling and peer connection management module without any evident malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities. It does not contain obfuscated code, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. Its main risk is potential misuse in malicious applications due to its peer connection capabilities, but from a code perspective, it appears secure and non-malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}