{
  "purpose": "The code provides mathematical functions and matrix transformation utilities primarily for geometric computations, conversions between angle units, and transformation matrix operations in 2D and 3D space.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, such as angles, coordinates, and transformation parameters; no external data sources or input streams are involved.",
  "sinks": "There are no apparent sinks that output untrusted data, perform network requests, access environment variables, or write to the filesystem. The functions produce matrix arrays or numerical transformations.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows involving external systems or untrusted input that could lead to security vulnerabilities. All data flows are internal calculations based on function arguments.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code strictly implements mathematical transformations and unit conversions. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of utility functions for unit conversion (degrees, gradians, turns to radians), matrix operations (combine, translate, skew, scale, rotate), and coordinate transformations in both 2D and 3D. All functions operate purely on input parameters and return arrays or objects. There is no network activity, no data leaks, and no use of environment variables. The code appears to be a standard mathematical library for geometric transformations with clear, safe implementations. No signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security threats are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a mathematical utility library for handling geometric transformations and unit conversions. It does not contain any malicious behavior, security risks, or backdoors. It is safe for use, with a very low malware and security risk score.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}