{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionality to generate QR codes in various formats (canvas, image, div) with customizable options such as size, error correction level, and embedded content.",
  "sources": "User input via addData method, parameters passed to generate function, DOM element references (e.g., getElementById), and image sources if provided in settings.",
  "sinks": "Drawing on canvas, creating image or div elements, appending elements to DOM, and encoding data into QR code modules.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from addData or generate parameters into QR code creation functions, which process and embed data into QR modules, then render via canvas, image, or HTML div elements.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a comprehensive QR code generator library without suspicious or hidden code. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activity are present. No obfuscated code or unusual runtime behaviors detected. External dependencies are not used; the code is self-contained.",
  "analysis": "The script is a detailed QR code generator written in JavaScript. It includes functions for QR code data encoding, error correction, masking pattern selection, and rendering in multiple formats. It contains standard utility functions such as base64 encoding/decoding, GIF image creation, and canvas drawing. No suspicious or malicious code patterns such as network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The module operates solely on user-supplied data and DOM elements, with no evident attempts at privacy violations or system sabotage. The overall structure and features align with legitimate QR code generation purposes, and there are no signs of obfuscation or malware.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate and self-contained QR code generator library. It performs expected operations for encoding and rendering QR codes without any malicious behavior or security risks. The implementation appears standard, with no suspicious signals or hidden functionalities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}