{
  "purpose": "The code generates QR codes with customizable options such as size, color, and embedded images or labels, primarily for client-side rendering in HTML elements or canvases.",
  "sources": "User input: 'text', 'level', 'version', 'quiet', and configuration options; Data added via addData method.",
  "sinks": "Rendering functions that draw QR codes on canvas, image, or div elements; use of external image sources for backgrounds or embedded images.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from 'addData' or initial 'text' parameter through QR code generation functions to rendering methods (canvas, image, div). No network connections or data exfiltration points are present.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code; the code is complex but structured as standard QR code generator. No suspicious network activity or reverse shells. The presence of dependencies or external image sources could be used maliciously if supplied by an attacker, but this is typical for customization options. No embedded malware behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard QR code generator with options for customization, including background images, labels, and various rendering modes. The code is comprehensive, modular, and includes functions for drawing QR codes on different elements. No network requests, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads are present. The only potential concern is that it allows external images and user input to influence rendering, but these are expected features and not malicious by themselves. The code does not perform any suspicious operations such as system access, file manipulation, or data theft.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code functions as a QR code generator for web pages, with customizable rendering options. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. Its complexity is typical for a full-featured QR code library. There are no indications of supply chain or malicious security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}