{
  "purpose": "This code is the PrismJS library, a syntax highlighting tool for various programming languages, along with several plugin modules for features like line numbering, toolbar, command-line interface simulation, whitespace normalization, and file loading.",
  "sources": "Sources include internal library functions, hook invocations, DOM queries for code elements, external file loads via XMLHttpRequest, and dynamic script insertion for clipboard and toolbar functionalities.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include innerHTML assignments, external file content injection, dynamic script loading, clipboard interactions, and DOM modifications which could be exploited for malicious injections if the inputs are untrusted.",
  "flows": "Code reads input from DOM elements (e.g., textContent, className, data-attributes), external resources (via XMLHttpRequest), and dynamically loaded scripts. Data flows from these sources into innerHTML updates, script insertions, and clipboard operations, with some processing in hooks and callback functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual data leaks detected. The code uses standard library patterns, dynamic script loading, and DOM manipulation typical for a syntax highlighter and plugins. The 'fileHighlight' function loads external files; however, it only fetches files specified in data-src attributes with error handling. The clipboard plugin loads external scripts conditionally, which is standard. No obfuscated code, malware signatures, or malicious behaviors identified.",
  "analysis": "Step-by-step analysis reveals that this is a standard open-source syntax highlighting library with auxiliary plugins for enhancing user interaction. It performs DOM queries, dynamically loads scripts and code files, and modifies innerHTML, all within the context of enhancing code display. No code suggests malicious intent such as data exfiltration, system command execution, or reverse shells. External script loads are controlled and serve known libraries. Hooks and event listeners facilitate feature enhancements, not malicious activities. The code does not process untrusted inputs in a harmful manner; it adheres to typical plugin patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is an open-source syntax highlighting library (PrismJS) with related plugins, and there is no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. Its functionalities are consistent with legitimate usage for code presentation. External resources are loaded with error handling, and DOM manipulations are typical for such tools. No malicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}