{
  "purpose": "PrismJS is a widely-used open-source syntax highlighting library with plugins for line numbers, toolbar, file loading, clipboard copying, and language definitions. Its purpose is to provide code syntax highlighting and related UI features for web pages.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from DOM elements, data attributes (e.g., data-src, data-line), and external code files via XMLHttpRequest. It also interacts with user events and clipboard APIs.",
  "sinks": "It modifies innerHTML of code containers, creates and appends DOM elements (e.g., line highlights, toolbar buttons), loads external scripts and code files, and interacts with clipboard for copy functionality.",
  "flows": "Data flows from DOM attributes or external files into internal variables, then into DOM updates (innerHTML, appended elements), and network requests for external code or libraries. User interactions trigger DOM modifications and clipboard actions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, obfuscated code, or suspicious patterns are present. External resource loads are from reputable sources, with error handling. No hidden malicious logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of PrismJS, including core functions and plugins. It handles DOM queries, external resource loading, event handling, and code highlighting. No malicious or sabotage patterns are evident. External scripts like clipboard.js are loaded from CDN with fallbacks. The code structure is transparent, with clear functions and plugin hooks. External resource fetches are controlled and typical for such libraries. No signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors are detected. The scores assigned (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: ~0.1-0.2) are consistent with the code's behavior and external resource handling.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate, open-source syntax highlighting library (PrismJS) with plugins for line numbers, copy buttons, file loading, and UI features. It operates within expected parameters, with no malicious activity, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities detected. The scores and assessments are accurate and justified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}