{
  "purpose": "This code provides syntax highlighting, code formatting, and UI enhancements for displaying code snippets on web pages, utilizing PrismJS and various plugins for features like line numbers, line highlights, command-line simulation, and clipboard copy.",
  "sources": "Reads input data primarily from DOM elements such as <pre> and <code> tags, data attributes (e.g., data-src, data-line), and user interactions (e.g., clicks on toolbar buttons). It also fetches external code files via XMLHttpRequest based on data-src attributes.",
  "sinks": "Modifies innerHTML of code elements with highlighted code, appends dynamically created DOM elements for line highlights, toolbars, and copy buttons. Uses external resources for code fetching and clipboard interactions. Alters DOM classes and attributes based on user actions and configuration.",
  "flows": "Reads code from DOM attributes or external URLs; processes and encodes code for syntax highlighting; injects highlighted HTML into DOM elements; adds UI elements such as toolbars and copy buttons; handles events like clicks, resize, hashchange; fetches external code files via XMLHttpRequest; interacts with clipboard APIs for copying code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. Uses dynamic DOM manipulation and event listeners in typical ways for a syntax highlighting library and UI enhancements. All external resource loading is for libraries or code fetching, consistent with plugin functionality. No hidden or malicious logic found.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of the PrismJS library core, language definitions, and various plugins for syntax highlighting, line numbering, line highlighting, markdown, and clipboard copying. The code includes standard patterns for plugin registration, hook management, DOM manipulation, event handling, and AJAX file loading. There are no indications of code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior. External resource loads are for necessary libraries and code files, with proper fallbacks. The dynamic creation of elements for UI features and the use of clipboard.js appear legitimate and common in code display tools.",
  "conclusion": "The reviewed code is a comprehensive implementation of a syntax highlighting and code display library with various plugins. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain attacks. It operates within the expected scope of a code presentation library and plugin system. No security risks or malware are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}