{
  "purpose": "The code is a comprehensive syntax highlighting library (PrismJS) with numerous plugins and language definitions, intended to provide syntax highlighting, line numbering, code copying, and file loading functionalities for code snippets on web pages.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from DOM elements via attributes (e.g., data-src, data-line), element class names, and user interactions such as button clicks. It also fetches external code files via XMLHttpRequest for highlighting. Event listeners for DOMContentLoaded, hashchange, resize, and button interactions are used to trigger behaviors.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include innerHTML assignments with highlighted code, DOM manipulations, XMLHttpRequest responses that insert code into page, clipboard copying via ClipboardJS, and dynamic code injection via Prism.highlight, which updates the innerHTML of code elements.",
  "flows": "Sources include DOM attributes, user interactions, and external code fetches. These data flows can lead to DOM innerHTML updates or external code loading. External code fetched via AJAX is inserted into the page after highlighting. User clicks on toolbar buttons trigger clipboard operations. The flow from external source (file) to DOM involves fetching, setting textContent, highlighting, and innerHTML update.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious hardcoded secrets are present. The code appears to be a legitimate open-source syntax highlighter with plugins for features like file loading, copying, line highlighting, and toolbar. No obfuscated code, malicious network connections, or hidden backdoors are detected. Event handling is standard. The external script loading for ClipboardJS is appropriate. Overall, no anomalies indicative of sabotage or malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-known open-source syntax highlighting library (PrismJS) with multiple plugins and language definitions. It includes code for highlighting syntax, loading external files via AJAX, line number plugins, clipboard copy buttons, and toolbar enhancements. The code reads input data primarily from DOM attributes and user interactions. It writes back to DOM elements using innerHTML, which is standard for such libraries. No signs of code injection, data leakage, or malicious network activity are present. External dependencies (ClipboardJS) are loaded from CDN and are standard for such plugins. The structure, comments, and patterns match known open-source highlighter code. No evidence of sabotage, backdoors, or malicious code segments was found.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate, feature-rich syntax highlighting library (PrismJS) with auxiliary plugins for file loading, copying, and toolbar functionality. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are detected. The code's data flows and sinks are typical for such libraries. Based on the analysis, the code is safe for use, with a low malware score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}