{
  "purpose": "The code primarily initializes and configures the PrismJS syntax highlighting library with various language definitions, hooks, and plugins to enhance code display and interaction on web pages.",
  "sources": "Reads data attributes from DOM elements (e.g., data-line, data-src, data-download-link, data-label), and user interactions via event listeners and hooks.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM elements' innerHTML, attributes, and className. Uses XMLHttpRequest to fetch external code files for syntax highlighting. Inserts elements for features like line highlighting, line numbers, and copy-to-clipboard buttons.",
  "flows": "Reads data attributes and user interactions -> fetches external resources via XMLHttpRequest -> updates DOM elements' innerHTML and attributes -> handles event callbacks for features like copying, line highlighting, and syntax highlighting.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes several features (like external file fetching, dynamic DOM modifications, clipboard operations) that are normal for syntax highlighting plugins. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are found. The code contains extensive hooks and dynamic element manipulations, but these are standard for such libraries. There are no suspicious network connections or data leaks detected. The code does not include obfuscation or unusual language features.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive implementation of the PrismJS syntax highlighter with various language support, hooks, plugins, and features such as line numbering, command-line simulation, toolbar, normalization, and clipboard copying. It dynamically loads external files via XMLHttpRequest for code content, modifies DOM elements' innerHTML for highlighting, and sets attributes for UI features. No hardcoded secrets, network connections to suspicious domains, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code structure is typical for an open-source syntax highlighter. It includes some dynamic DOM manipulation and event handling, which are expected behaviors. There is no evidence of malicious intent such as malware, backdoors, or data theft.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is an extensive, standard implementation of the PrismJS syntax highlighting library with multiple plugins and features. It performs expected functions like syntax highlighting, line numbering, copying to clipboard, and external file loading. No malicious or sabotage behavior is detected. The risk level is very low, with no evidence of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}