{
  "purpose": "This code provides React components for audio waveform visualization and interaction, including features for selecting and ranged audio selection visualization.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), imported React internals, and audio Blob objects via parameters. It also reads DOM element properties and user interaction events (touch, mouse).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests if environment variables or external APIs are used (not directly shown here), DOM manipulation for styling, and callback functions that may handle untrusted input. No direct data leaks or system modifications are evident.",
  "flows": "Input sources (audio Blob, environment variables, user events) flow through audio decoding, canvas drawing, and user interaction handlers. Data from user interactions influence visual state but do not appear to lead to any network or system modifications.",
  "anomalies": "The code imports internal React internals, which are intended for React library use only, potentially indicating an unusual dependency. However, this is a common pattern for advanced React features. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code is complex but appears to be standard React component logic for waveform visualization.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React-based audio waveform visualization module with components for basic and ranged audio selection. It imports React internals and uses environment variables for environment-specific behavior, which is typical for development vs production modes. It reads audio data via FileReader and decodes it with Web Audio API, then renders waveform visualizations on HTML canvases. User interaction handlers update visual states and trigger callbacks. There are no network requests, file modifications, or suspicious behaviors observed. The use of React internals is atypical but not malicious. No obfuscated code or malicious behaviors are detected. The code appears focused on visualization and interaction, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React component module for visualizing and interacting with audio waveforms. It uses standard APIs and React patterns, with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The import of React internals is unusual but not malicious. Overall, the code is safe, with low suspicion of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}