{
  "purpose": "The code provides React components for audio visualization and interaction, including waveform rendering and selection features, intended for use in audio editing or playback interfaces.",
  "sources": "Data is read from audioBlob (audio data as Blob or ArrayBuffer), and DOM events for mouse and touch interactions (clientX, clientY). It also reads environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV).",
  "sinks": "The code modifies DOM element styles for visual updates, and reads audio data for decoding. No data is explicitly sent over network connections or stored externally within this code.",
  "flows": "Audio data from audioBlob flows into audio context decoding, then into canvas rendering. User interactions (mouse/touch) trigger callbacks that modify style and state. Environment variables influence runtime behavior but do not lead to external data flows.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code relies on standard React and web APIs. No evidence of malicious privacy violations or unauthorized data access. No obfuscated or unusual language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical React component setup for audio waveform visualization, decoding audio data, and handling user interactions to manipulate visual elements. It uses standard web APIs like Canvas and AudioContext, and React hooks for state and effects. There are no network communications, no hidden code, and no data leaks or malicious payloads observed. Environment variables are used solely for development mode checks. No dynamic code execution or eval statements are present. Overall, the code appears legitimate and intended for user interface purposes.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward React implementation for audio visualization with user interaction handling. It does not contain any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It relies on standard APIs and practices, with no suspicious anomalies detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}