{
  "purpose": "The code configures a Grunt build process for a JavaScript project, including tasks for cleaning, concatenating, minifying code, CSS processing, testing, and server setup.",
  "sources": "The code reads 'package.json' for project metadata, loads various source files from 'src/', reads CSS files from 'src/', and loads test specs from 'spec/'. It also loads external scripts via URLs in the Jasmine test configuration.",
  "sinks": "The code writes minified JavaScript files, concatenated CSS files, and performs tests using specified source files. It does not execute untrusted input or write to sensitive locations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from source files (JavaScript and CSS), through build tasks (concat, uglify, cssmin), into output files. External scripts are loaded only for testing and do not influence build output. No runtime data is processed or transmitted.",
  "anomalies": "Use of external CDN URL in Jasmine configuration: 'http://cdn.leafletjs.com/leaflet-0.5.1/leaflet-src.js'. This is a standard library, not suspicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. No obfuscated or minified code is directly included; minification is part of build process.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a typical build process with standard Grunt plugins for cleaning, concatenation, minification, CSS processing, testing, and server hosting. External dependencies are loaded for testing purposes only, and no untrusted input is processed at runtime. No malicious or suspicious behavior is evident. The external script URL is a common library for map rendering and poses no security risk in this context. No hardcoded secrets or anomalous code structures are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build configuration for a JavaScript project with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain security risks. It relies on common, publicly available tools and libraries, and no suspicious activities are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}