{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React-based modal management system, including components for alerts, reminders, wait indicators, and modal container handling.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration parameters from the constructor of Poper, component props (e.g., message, confirm, cancel), and context (e.g., pop). It also reads environment variables or external CSS/JS modules during import.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM elements to render modals, modifies component state to control modal display, and calls dismiss functions to remove modals. Uses event handlers for dismiss actions and timeouts for auto-dismissal.",
  "flows": "Input props and configuration → Adding modals to the container via addModal → Showing/hiding modals via show/hide methods → Dismissing modals via dismiss functions triggered by user actions or timeouts.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic React component creation and manipulation of modal display states without obvious input validation or sanitization. No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. No suspicious network activity or obfuscated code present. The extensive use of timeouts and dynamic modal handling could potentially be misused if combined with external input, but on its own, appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages modal dialogs within a React application, providing components for alerts, reminders, waiting indicators, and a container to manage multiple modals. It employs standard React patterns, context for state management, and DOM manipulation for rendering. No external network calls, data leaks, or credential handling are present. The functions for dismissing or adding modals rely on internal state and user interactions, with no evident malicious behavior. The code appears to be a legitimate modal management library without hidden or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a React modal management system with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It does not contain hardcoded secrets, network activities, or obfuscated malicious code. The implementation is consistent with standard React practices for modals.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}