{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React-based modal and alert system, managing various UI components such as alerts, reminders, and wait indicators, and a controller class (Poper) for handling modal presentation and dismissal within a React app.",
  "sources": "Sources of data include props passed to modal components (e.g., message, confirm, cancel), context data, and internal state variables. The code also reads the global document object for DOM manipulations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are modal methods such as dismiss, show, hide, and the rendering of React components that could display user-visible data or invoke callback functions provided via props.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external input (props, context, method calls) into modal component state and rendering, with user interactions triggering dismissals or callback functions. Modal presentation and dismissal are managed via the Poper class, which queues and processes modal operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard React modal management system without obfuscation, minification, or unusual language features. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network calls, or backdoors are evident. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages modal dialogs in React, with context-driven state management, and a queue system for modal operations. It utilizes standard React patterns, including context, refs, state, and component lifecycle methods. No signs of malicious behavior such as network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The functions handle user interaction and modal transitions securely within React's paradigms. External dependencies are limited to React and CSS; no dynamic code evaluation or external code loading occurs. Overall, the code is a typical React modal system with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard React modal management library with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It does not include any suspicious network activity, backdoors, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code. The malware and security risk scores are low, with high confidence in this assessment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}