{
  "purpose": "This script interfaces with the MDN Developer Wiki API to fetch search results based on user input, allowing parameter configuration via command-line-like arguments.",
  "sources": "Input is read from 'alfy.input', configuration values are accessed via 'alfy.config.get', and data is fetched from MDN API URLs and environment variables (for proxy configuration).",
  "sinks": "Network requests to MDN API endpoints, and usage of 'alfy.output' to display results. Proxy settings involve network connections that could be misused if manipulated.",
  "flows": "User input -> parsing and configuration handling -> constructing API URL -> fetching data via alfy.fetch -> processing results -> output via alfy.output.",
  "anomalies": "Use of environment variables for proxy configuration, dynamic URL construction, and inclusion of 'tunnel.httpsOverHttp' with user-controlled proxy host/port could be exploited for man-in-the-middle attacks if compromised. No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors. The code has verbose comments indicating concern about node version support, but no malicious obfuscation or malware signatures detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily processes user input to either set configuration parameters or perform a search query against MDN. It securely constructs URLs and uses 'tunnel' for proxying if configured, which is standard for network routing. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads. Proxy headers are fixed and do not leak sensitive info directly. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic evaluation is present. The code appears well-structured for its purpose with some redundant comments and no malicious intent evident.",
  "conclusion": "The script performs standard API querying and configuration handling without evident malicious activity or sabotage. Proxy configuration introduces some risk if misused, but within this code, it is used as intended. No malware or malicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}