{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to modify CSS selectors and declarations, specifically for adding classes to selectors and transforming font-weight properties into text-stroke styles for better font rendering.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from CSS declaration objects (decl), including decl.value, decl.parent, and decl.type, as well as options.awesomeClass and decl.parent.nodes for font-family detection.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to CSS rule objects by cloning and modifying selectors and declarations, appending new rules, and modifying declaration values. No external data sinks are directly used.",
  "flows": "Data flows from CSS declaration objects and options into cloned and modified CSS rule objects. Modifications are primarily within the CSS AST (Abstract Syntax Tree), with no external system interactions.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for CSS processing; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected. The cloning and selector manipulation are typical for style transformations. No obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic execution, or suspicious patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The functions perform CSS selector augmentation and declaration modifications. The unshiftClassToSelector function prepends a class to each selector. The convert function adjusts font-weight values based on font-family and replaces certain font weights with text-stroke properties by cloning rules and declarations. No external data, network operations, or suspicious behavior is observed. The code strictly manipulates CSS AST objects without side effects beyond styling transformations.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs legitimate CSS transformation tasks without any signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not read or write outside of CSS AST objects, nor does it perform any harmful operations. Overall, it appears safe and intended for style processing.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}