{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for modifying CSS selectors and processing CSS declarations, specifically handling font-weight and text-stroke styling based on certain conditions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from 'decl' (CSS declaration object), including properties like 'important', 'value', 'parent', and 'parent.nodes'. It also reads 'options.awesomeClass' and 'parent.raws.before'.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs modified CSS rules via cloning and appending rules with new selectors and declarations, affecting CSS output structures. It does not directly write to external systems or files.",
  "flows": "The code flow starts with 'convert' reading CSS declaration data, then possibly modifies 'decl.value' based on font-family, and conditionally clones and appends new CSS rules with modified selectors and properties, using 'unshiftClassToSelector' for selector modification.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code is present. The functions perform straightforward CSS manipulations. There are no hardcoded secrets, external network calls, or suspicious code patterns. The only notable aspect is the cloning and modification of CSS rules, which is standard behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a CSS processing utility that modifies selectors and font-weight styles for specific font-family cases. It clones CSS rule nodes, adjusts selectors by prepending a class, and adds additional CSS properties like '-webkit-text-stroke-width'. The logic appears to be intended for styling adjustments in a CSS processing pipeline. No external inputs or outputs suggest malicious intent. The code does not perform any network activity, data exfiltration, or system modifications. It is a benign CSS manipulation utility.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard CSS manipulation script with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It operates solely on CSS AST nodes and does not exhibit suspicious activity. Overall, it is safe and intended for styling purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}