{
  "purpose": "This code defines an AngularJS calendar module with various components, controllers, directives, filters, and utility functions for calendar views and event management. It includes dependencies on external libraries such as moment, interactjs, and date-fns for date handling and drag/drop interactions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from AngularJS scope variables, directive attributes, and external dependencies like 'interactjs', 'moment', and 'date-fns'. It accesses these via scope bindings, parsed attributes, and external require calls.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulations (adding/removing classes, setting styles), event handlers that could be triggered by user actions, and external library interactions (e.g., 'interact' for drag/drop). Notably, functions that handle drag-and-drop or resize events could be exploited if untrusted data is used improperly.",
  "flows": "Data flows from scope variables, directive attributes, and external libraries through functions like 'onDrag', 'onResize', 'onDrop' which could be invoked with malicious or malformed data. The code interacts with external libraries that could potentially be exploited if not properly sandboxed or validated.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured AngularJS module with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets. The only noteworthy point is the inclusion and reliance on 'interactjs', which manages drag-and-drop functionality. There are no indications of data exfiltration, system commands, or malicious payloads. The code does contain many utility functions for date calculation and event validation, which are standard for such a library.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a calendar module with a variety of controllers, directives, and utilities for managing calendar views, events, and interactions. It loads templates, manages event data, handles user interactions via drag/drop, and formats dates. External dependencies are used for date handling (moment, date-fns) and interaction handling (interactjs). No evidence suggests malicious activity: no system commands, no data exfiltration, no hardcoded secrets. The only area to be cautious about is the 'interactjs' library, but it is a common external library for handling drag/drop and does not inherently contain malicious code. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate open-source calendar library with standard features and no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a comprehensive AngularJS calendar module with standard features and dependencies. It does not contain any signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. External libraries are used for common functionalities like date management and drag/drop interactions. There are no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}