{
  "purpose": "This code is the source for an AngularJS calendar library, including modules, controllers, directives, filters, constants, and external dependencies. Its main purpose is to provide calendar views (month, week, day, year) with event management and UI interaction features.",
  "sources": "External dependencies: angular, moment, interactjs. Internal sources include module definitions, controller logic, directives, filters, and helper functions. No explicit user input sources are present within this code snippet, as it primarily defines structure and behavior.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks such as network communication, file system access, or command execution. The code uses AngularJS mechanisms for DOM manipulation and event handling, and external libraries for drag-and-drop interaction (interactjs). These are standard UI behaviors, not malicious sinks.",
  "flows": "The code flows involve initializing Angular modules, setting up controllers, directives, and filters, and handling UI events like drag-and-drop, clicks, and view updates. No suspicious data flows such as exfiltration, command execution, or injection are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are observed. External dependencies are properly required or injected. No obfuscated or minified code appears; the code structure is clear and modular.",
  "analysis": "A thorough review indicates the code is a standard open-source AngularJS calendar component with modular controllers, directives, and filters. External libraries (angular, moment, interactjs) are used for common UI and date handling tasks. No malicious signals such as network data exfiltration, system command execution, or backdoors are present. The code contains input validation and UI interaction logic without suspicious behavior. There are no indications of malware or malicious code insertions. The structure and dependencies are typical for a component of this nature, with no signs of malicious tampering.",
  "conclusion": "The source code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured AngularJS calendar library intended for UI display and interaction. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within the scope of this review. It is safe to use from a supply chain security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}