{
  "purpose": "A utility library designed to split a single-word string into hyphenated segments, adhering to a maximum character length per segment, with options for custom separators and redistribution logic.",
  "sources": "Input parameters: 'wordStr' (string), 'maxNumChars' (number), and 'userOptions' (object). The 'wordStr' is read to generate the segmented output. No external data sources or network calls are present.",
  "sinks": "The code performs string manipulation only. No untrusted data is written to files, sent over the network, or executed dynamically. No sinks are identified that could lead to data leaks or code execution vulnerabilities.",
  "flows": "Input 'wordStr' flows through validation into the segmentation logic, where it is split into chunks based on computed maps and optional redistribution functions. The only transformations are string slicing, array manipulations, and regex-based string concatenations for hyphen insertion.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls. The options for redistribution are user-provided functions, which could theoretically be malicious if supplied by an untrusted source, but this is a standard pattern for extendability. The code uses regex for separator escaping but does not evaluate or execute any code based on external data. No obfuscated or minified code present. All logic appears to be straightforward string processing.",
  "analysis": "The script is a self-contained JavaScript module designed for splitting words with hyphens, supporting configurable options such as separator and redistribution functions. It includes validation checks for input types and ranges, and employs functions for evenly distributing characters among segments. The only external influence is the optional 'redistribute' function supplied via 'userOptions', which could be malicious if misused, but this is a configurable aspect, not inherently malicious. The code does not perform network operations, file I/O, or code execution. No signs of obfuscation, malware, or malicious behavior are detected. The module is well-structured and adheres to safe JavaScript patterns.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard utility library for string segmentation with hyphenation, exhibiting no malicious intent. It offers flexibility via user-defined functions but does not contain malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities. The use of user-provided functions is a potential risk if misused, but within a controlled environment, it is safe. Overall, the package appears benign and focused solely on string processing.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}