{
  "purpose": "The code provides a utility function 'hyphenaxe' to split a string into hyphenated segments not exceeding a specified maximum number of characters, with options for customization such as separator and redistribution of characters for uneven splits.",
  "sources": "Input parameters: 'wordStr' (string), 'maxNumChars' (number), 'userOptions' (object); internally, it reads string length, user options, and regex-escaped separators.",
  "sinks": "None; the code does not write to external sources, perform network operations, or handle untrusted data beyond basic string manipulation.",
  "flows": "Input string and options flow into helper functions that determine split sizes; the computed chunk map flows into splitting functions that generate the segmented array; no external or untrusted data flows to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code is well-structured with no obfuscated or malicious code patterns. It does not include suspicious network operations, data leaks, or backdoors. All logic pertains to string manipulation and configuration validation. No hardcoded credentials or malicious behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code validates input types and ranges, ensuring parameters are correctly used. It offers customizable options with defaults and validates user-provided options. The main functionality involves calculating chunk sizes and splitting the string accordingly, with optional redistribution logic for uneven splits. The regex for separator escaping is standard, and the overall flow is purely for string processing. There are no signs of malware or malicious behavior, such as network access, data exfiltration, or hidden code. The structure and comments suggest a utility focused on hyphenating words with configurable parameters.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility for splitting strings into hyphenated segments with configurable options. It contains no malicious intent, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The implementation is clear, with no obfuscated or malicious code patterns. Overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}