{
  "purpose": "This code provides a utility function 'hyphenaxe' to split a string into hyphenated chunks based on maximum character length constraints, with options for custom separators, redistribution, and chunk sizing.",
  "sources": "Input string 'wordStr', user options 'userOptions', internal variables such as 'maxNumChars', 'separator', and options object.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the returned array of string chunks. No untrusted data is written to files, network, or external systems. The code manipulates strings and options internally.",
  "flows": "Input string flows through 'hyphenaxe' which validates input, calculates chunk sizes, possibly redistributes characters, then constructs and returns an array of hyphenated string segments.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs thorough validation of input arguments; no hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No suspicious external connections, file manipulations, or network activities are observed. Use of regular expressions is safe; no dynamic code execution or obfuscation detected. No backdoors or malicious behaviors identified.",
  "analysis": "The code is a self-contained JavaScript module implementing string splitting functionality with customization options. It performs input validation, uses internal helper functions for calculation, redistribution, and string splitting, and finally returns a list of hyphenated chunks. No external malicious behaviors or suspicious anomalies are present. The code is well-structured, with no signs of obfuscation, malware, or malicious side effects. It operates solely within the scope of string processing. The validation and handling of user options indicate attention to safe operation. There is no evidence of data exfiltration, network activity, or code injection.\n\nOverall, the code appears to be a benign, utility-focused module with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a string processing utility that splits words into hyphenated segments with customizable options. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks were detected. The code is well-structured, safe, and suitable for its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}