{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of utility classes and functions for processing data streams using synchronous and asynchronous generators, including transformation, filtering, mapping, batching, and concurrent execution.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from function parameters such as iterables, async iterables, and task functions. No external data sources are directly accessed within this module.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks where untrusted data could be sent to external systems, network, or files. The code only yields or returns processed data streams.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input iterables or async iterables through various transformation functions, which are chained via the pipeline classes, culminating in evaluation methods that produce arrays or processed streams.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard for a data processing library, with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The presence of complex, minification-like variable names is typical for transpiled or minified code but not suspicious in itself. No obfuscation or malicious patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for synchronous and asynchronous data pipelines, with functions for transforming, filtering, mapping, reducing, batching, and managing concurrency. All functions follow expected patterns for generator and async generator operations. The code does not include any network requests, file operations, or hidden commands. The delay function is standard for timing control. The F and H objects provide partial application utilities and logging helpers, which are typical in utility libraries. No signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, hidden network activity, or backdoors, are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured data stream processing library with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It is intended for transforming and managing data streams, with safe and standard patterns throughout.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}