{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component that implements a custom scrollable container with a visual scrollbar thumb, handling wheel events for scrolling and visibility toggling of the scrollbar.",
  "sources": "The code reads DOM node properties, event data from wheel/mouse events, user agent string, and references to DOM elements via React refs.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies styles of DOM elements (scrollbar thumb visibility, position, height), and calls scrollTo on the container, potentially affecting UI behavior.",
  "flows": "Wheel events (source) trigger handler that adjusts scrollTop and scrollbar thumb position (sink). User agent detection influences behavior (source). Style modifications and event listener attachments/detachments also occur (sink).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls. The code handles scrolling behavior and UI updates; no obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution, no hidden network activity. The use of setTimeout for hiding the scrollbar thumb appears normal for UI purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component that manages custom scroll behavior, including handling wheel events to scroll content and displaying a scrollbar thumb with fade effects. It uses standard React hooks, DOM manipulations, and event listeners. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, network communication, or backdoors. The logic appears consistent with a UI enhancement feature. The detection of mobile browsers to disable custom scrolling further supports intended functionality rather than malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React-based UI component implementing custom scrollbars, with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It appears to be a legitimate UI feature with standard event handling and style manipulation. No malware or suspicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}