{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a JavaScript module that exports a React-based confirmation dialog component, designed for use in web applications. It provides customizable UI and animation features for user prompts.",
  "sources": "Reads include references to 'react', 'react-dom', and DOM elements such as 'react-confirm-pro' container, modal overlay, buttons, and document event listeners for keyboard interactions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve DOM manipulations (element removal), event handling (keydown events), and network interactions via CSS and media URL references, but no evidence of untrusted data processing or data leakage.",
  "flows": "Flow includes importing dependencies, rendering React components into a DOM node, listening for keyboard events to trigger actions (escape/enter), and DOM element management (adding/removing the confirmation modal).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors detected. The CSS and SVG assets are standard for UI animations. No suspicious network calls, data leaks, or hidden code activities are evident. The code is structured as a typical React component module with standard pattern and styles.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component module that uses dynamic DOM manipulation, event listeners for keyboard controls, and styled components with CSS animations. It leverages standard React hooks and event handling for modal behavior. All dependencies are imported from known libraries (react, react-dom, animate.css), with no obfuscated or minified suspicious code fragments. CSS styles and SVG icons are used for UI presentation and are typical in such libraries. There is no evidence of malicious activities such as data exfiltration, code injection, reverse shells, or unauthorized system access. The code's intent appears to be user interface facilitation for confirmation dialogs, with standard implementation techniques.",
  "conclusion": "Based on detailed review, the code is a React-based confirmation modal component with no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs expected UI functions, manages DOM elements, and handles keyboard events securely. No malware or security risks are detected in this fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}