{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript library for a React-based confirmation modal component, including styles and animations, designed to be compatible with various module systems (CommonJS, AMD, global).",
  "sources": "Reads data from DOM elements (document.getElementById), environment variables (possibly in the styles), and external modules ('react', 'react-dom', 'animate.css') during component rendering and styling.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM elements (appends a div with id 'react-confirm-pro'), adds event listeners for 'keydown' events, and removes DOM nodes. No evidence of data leakage, network communication, or system modification.",
  "flows": "User interactions via keyboard events (Escape, Enter) trigger functions that close modals. Styles are injected into the document head. Component rendering and unmounting involve DOM manipulation with no external network or system effects.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive embedded CSS for animations, which is standard for styling. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. The code is minified but structurally consistent with a React modal component. No obfuscated code or malicious code injection detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily serves as a React modal component with styling and animations for confirmation dialogs. It uses standard DOM manipulations to insert and remove modal containers, sets up keyboard event handlers for modal interaction, and manages CSS animations. There are no indicators of data exfiltration, system sabotage, network communication, or hidden backdoors. The presence of style injection and event listeners is typical for UI components. The code's minified nature is consistent with standard production builds, not obfuscation for malicious purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate React confirmation modal library with styling and animations. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware indicators are evident. It is safe to use from a security standpoint.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}