{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React confirmation modal component with styling and animation, designed to be included as an external dependency in other projects.",
  "sources": "The code reads external modules such as 'react' and 'react-dom' via require or define, and internally loads several CSS style blocks, SVG icon elements, and dynamically creates DOM elements for the modal overlay and content.",
  "sinks": "Potentially, untrusted input could be passed to the component's props (e.g., title, description, button labels) and could influence the rendered content. However, there are no evident sinks such as network requests, eval, or system command execution within this code.",
  "flows": "Inputs (props such as UI customizations and callback functions) flow into the rendering logic that creates modal DOM elements, but no untrusted data flows directly into dangerous sinks like code execution or network activity.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive CSS for animations and styling, SVG icon elements, and dynamically creates DOM nodes for the modal. There are no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. No obfuscated or suspicious language features are present. The minified CSS could obscure some details but is standard for styling.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React-based modal component with styling and animation via CSS. It uses standard practices for DOM manipulation, React hooks, and event handling. No code injection, network requests, or system modifications are observed. It does not interact with environment variables or system files. The code appears to be a typical implementation of a confirm modal, with no signs of malicious activity. The minified CSS is a standard style block for animations and layout, not malicious obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a React confirmation modal component that relies on external libraries and CSS animations. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks within this module. The code is consistent with standard open-source UI components and contains no suspicious or malicious signals.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}