{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a complex set of utility functions, possibly for dynamic UI or data handling, involving object manipulation, data grid creation, and rendering.",
  "sources": "Reads input from string parameters in functions, DOM element creation (document.createElement), and possibly global variables like window.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation via innerHTML and createElement, console warnings, global variable assignment, and referencing of window object.",
  "flows": "Input strings parsed or assigned, DOM elements created or modified, data structures extended, and references made to global window object and console.",
  "anomalies": "Code is highly complex, includes large utility functions, and uses dynamic code patterns such as JSON parsing, DOM creation, and function binding. There are no obvious hardcoded secrets or backdoors. The code is minified, but this appears to be the result of standard minification, not obfuscation. No external network connections or data exfiltration are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines utility functions and UI components, including data grid rendering and dynamic object extension. It does parse JSON at the start, but within a try-catch, indicating safe handling of JSON data. DOM manipulation is limited to element creation and innerHTML updates, which are common in UI rendering. There is a deprecated warning for referencing the global 'Domo' object, suggesting legacy code support. No suspicious network activity, data leakage, credential handling, or malicious behavior is detected. The complex nature of the code and the minification could obscure intent, but no malicious signals are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a library or utility script for UI data handling and rendering with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is highly complex and minified but lacks suspicious patterns such as network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The risk score is low, and confidence is moderate due to code complexity and minification.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}