{
  "purpose": "Analysis of a heavily obfuscated JavaScript code responsible for UI components, data grids, and tables, with no explicit malicious behavior detected.",
  "sources": "JSON.parse inputs, object extension points, innerHTML assignments, DOM creation functions",
  "sinks": "innerHTML assignments, dynamic DOM manipulation potentially vulnerable if fed with untrusted data",
  "flows": "JSON.parse -> object extension -> innerHTML assignment -> DOM manipulation",
  "anomalies": "High obfuscation/minification, complex dynamic object extensions, use of innerHTML without evident sanitization",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily minified and obfuscated, making static analysis challenging. It constructs UI components such as data grids and tables, manipulating DOM elements via createElement and innerHTML. No network activity, external API calls, or data exfiltration are evident. The code does not contain hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Potential risks include DOM injection if untrusted data is used without sanitization, but no such data sources are explicitly present. Malware scores are low (0 or 0.1), consistent with the absence of malicious payloads. Obfuscation scores are high (~0.8), reflecting the minified nature. Security risk scores are moderate (~0.3), considering the potential for DOM-based vulnerabilities if data is mishandled. Overall, the static analysis indicates no active malicious behavior, but caution is advised regarding data sanitization when integrating with untrusted sources.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex, obfuscated UI/data management library with no evidence of malware or sabotage. Risks are mainly related to obfuscation and potential DOM injection if used with untrusted data. The scores are consistent with the analysis: malware=0, obfuscated=0.8, security risk=0.3. It should be handled with caution, especially ensuring proper sanitization of any external data fed into innerHTML.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}