{
  "purpose": "Define a MetaValue class with predefined static instances for retrieving specific parameters from input objects.",
  "sources": "Constructor parameter 'selector' function, and static properties assigned with functions accessing 'params' object.",
  "sinks": "The 'eval' method executes the 'selector' function with provided parameters; potential risk if 'selector' is maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are passed to 'eval', which executes the 'selector' function; outputs are derived directly from these functions.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, no hardcoded secrets, and static property names are conventional. The use of functions in static properties is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class 'MetaValue' with a constructor accepting a function 'selector'. Three static instances are created, each with a simple function that accesses specific properties ('firstOfAll', 'firstInGroup', 'previous') from an input parameter object. The 'eval' method executes the stored 'selector' function with given parameters. The module exports these static instances for external use. The code appears to serve a utility purpose for parameter extraction, with no evidence of malicious behavior or malicious data flows. There are no external data sources, no injection points, and the functions used are simple property accessors. The only potential concern is that the 'eval' method executes arbitrary functions; however, these functions are predefined and not dynamically sourced or constructed from untrusted input. The overall structure indicates straightforward utility code with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a simple utility class for parameter extraction with static instances and an eval method. There are no indications of malware or malicious behavior. The design is conventional, and the code is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}