{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a React component library for layout and styling, defining styled containers, columns, and flexbox layouts for use in a React application.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (indirectly via document and window), dynamic style injection via document.head, and JSX components consuming props.",
  "sinks": "Manipulation of DOM elements (style tags, DOM insertion), JSX rendering, and dynamic class name generation.",
  "flows": "Props and internal variables flow into JSX components, which then render DOM elements and inject styles dynamically into the document head.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. The style injection appears standard for CSS-in-JS pattern. Usage of document object is typical for client-side rendering. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution detected. The dynamic styling via style tags is standard for CSS-in-JS solutions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component library defining layout components such as Container, Column, and Row, utilizing dynamic styling and class name management. It uses typical patterns like style injection into document.head, classnames utility, and React JSX components. The style injection and class name logic do not exhibit any suspicious behavior. The code does not perform any network communication, system modification, or data leakage. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The structure and logic are consistent with a styling/layout library. The code operates solely within the DOM and React rendering context, with no indication of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign React layout component library with standard style injection and class management. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident based on the analysis. It appears to be a typical UI styling utility without any signs of sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}