{
  "purpose": "This code defines React components and style injection functions for layout and styling purposes, such as containers, columns, and flex rows, likely for a UI framework or component library.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters (props), such as style objects, class names, children, and dataTestId properties.",
  "sinks": "Injects CSS styles into the document head via dynamically created style elements. Uses props to set inline styles and class names. Renders React JSX elements with these props.",
  "flows": "Props are passed into component functions, which generate React elements and styles. CSS styles are injected into the document head. Data flows from input props to style and className attributes, and from component parameters to DOM elements.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to be standard React component definitions with style injection. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors detected. No suspicious network activity, reverse shells, or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles styling and layout via React components and style injection. It creates style elements and inserts CSS rules dynamically. The CSS rules are standard layout styles, with media queries for responsiveness. No obfuscated code, malicious behavior, or suspicious logic is evident. The style injection method is common in dynamic styling solutions. All functions operate within typical scope, with no suspicious external calls, network activity, or data leaks. The source-to-sink flow is limited to style and JSX rendering, with no indication of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate UI layout component library for React, with style injection and responsive grid components. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected. It follows standard practices for dynamic style insertion and React component definitions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}