{
  "purpose": "This code is the Zepto v1.2.0 library, a lightweight, jQuery-compatible JavaScript library used for DOM manipulation, event handling, AJAX, and utilities.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function arguments, DOM elements, environment variables, and configuration objects.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation, attribute setting, event binding, AJAX requests, and script execution contexts.",
  "flows": "Data flows from source inputs (e.g., function parameters, DOM nodes) through internal functions to sinks such as DOM updates, AJAX calls, or attribute modifications.",
  "anomalies": "The code is minified but follows known patterns; no suspicious code, hardcoded credentials, or malicious obfuscation detected. The high obfuscation score is due to minification, which is standard for production libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, minified version of Zepto v1.2.0, matching known patterns and functions. No suspicious or malicious behavior is evident. The high obfuscation score (0.9) is justified by minification but does not indicate malicious intent. The malware score is 0, as no malicious features or backdoors are present. The risk score is low (~0.2), reflecting the benign nature of the library. The code does not perform any malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or sabotage. The only concern is the overestimation of obfuscation, which is typical for minified code, and the malware score in report 5 should be adjusted to zero.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-known open-source library with no malicious intent or sabotage. The high obfuscation score is due to minification, which is standard and not malicious. The malware score should be set to 0. The overall security risk is very low. The reports are accurate but overstate obfuscation; adjusting the obfuscated score to around 0.2-0.3 is appropriate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}