{
  "purpose": "This code primarily consists of module loaders, polyfills, utility functions, and Vue component definitions for UI elements such as date-time displays, select date pickers, number scrolls, tab pages, list scrolling, and directives for scaling and watermarks. It facilitates building a map visualization system with interactive features, animations, and styles. It is designed to be a library or plugin package for Vue.js applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from DOM elements (e.g., query selectors), component props, and internal component data. It also accesses window and document properties, especially for style calculations and event handling. No external or untrusted input streams are evident.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with the DOM for rendering canvas-based maps and UI components, and manages events like mouse movements, clicks, and wheel actions. No sinks appear to process untrusted data into insecure operations; all DOM manipulations and event handling are standard for Vue components and directives.",
  "flows": "User interactions such as mouse movements, clicks, and wheel scrolls trigger event listeners that update internal states, manipulate canvas contexts, and animate map or UI elements. The flow involves reading data from props and DOM, processing interactions, and rendering visual updates; no suspicious data flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code includes minified and compiled code from libraries (e.g., Vue components, CSS). No obfuscated code patterns or unusual code constructs are evident outside standard minification. The code relies on standard modules and polyfills, with no suspicious dynamic code execution or network requests observed.",
  "analysis": "A thorough review of the code reveals it to be a collection of Vue component definitions, directives, and utility functions intended for rendering interactive maps and UI controls within a web application. It employs common libraries such as core-js polyfills, Vue component normalizers, and a canvas map library (cmap). The code handles user events (mouse, wheel), animations, style adjustments, and DOM manipulations in line with standard practices. No functions or code blocks demonstrate malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, system modification, or unauthorized network activity. The code is modular, relies on public libraries, and contains no hidden network requests, code injections, or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The examined code appears to be a legitimate open-source library designed for map visualization and UI components. It employs standard practices, contains no suspicious or malicious patterns, and does not exhibit any malware characteristics. The overall security risk score is low, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}