{
  "purpose": "This code implements a custom table component using lit-element for rendering, sorting, and responsive mobile view adaptation.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'data' property passed into the component, and from the window.matchMedia API for detecting screen size.",
  "sinks": "Rendering functions output HTML based on data; no direct sink to untrusted system resources. Sorting modifies internal data state, no external sink.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'data' property to the internal '_viewData' array; user interactions trigger '_sortBy' which sorts '_viewData'. Media query updates 'mobile' state.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors. No suspicious network activity, external data exfiltration, or malicious code segments are present. Usage of media query listener is standard for responsive design. The code primarily handles UI rendering and data sorting.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a web component that displays a sortable, responsive table. Data is received via the 'data' property, processed into internal '_viewData' for rendering. Sorting is handled locally within the component. The code includes standard practices for responsiveness using window.matchMedia with a listener, and it offers customizable cell rendering. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network calls, data leaks, or backdoors. The use of 'DecorateMixin' and lit-element is common and appears legitimate. The component does not handle or store sensitive credentials or perform any security-critical operations. The sorting implementation is straightforward and does not introduce security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard implementation of a responsive, sortable table component with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It processes and displays data securely, with no evident vectors for supply chain attacks or malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}