{
  "purpose": "This code imports a CSS-in-JS runtime script and defines CSS styles and class mappings for a styling module, then exports these styles and mappings for use in a larger application.",
  "sources": "The code reads a local JavaScript module './../../ext/rollup-plugin-styles/dist/runtime/inject-css.js' and defines CSS styles within the script.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform any data output, network requests, or other actions that could lead to data leaks or malicious effects. It only manipulates style definitions.",
  "flows": "There are no data flows involving untrusted input; the CSS styles are static and do not incorporate external or user input.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard style module code, with no hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or unusual behavior. The only potentially notable aspect is the import path referencing an external 'dist' directory, which is typical for build artifacts.",
  "analysis": "The script imports a JavaScript module for injecting CSS ('inject-css.js') and defines a set of CSS styles stored in variable 'e'. It also creates a style class mapping object 'a' with CSS class names. The import statement uses a relative path pointing to a local distribution directory, typical for build tools. The code then calls 'o(e, {})' to presumably inject the CSS styles at runtime. Finally, it exports the style string and the class mappings. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, dynamic code execution, or hardcoded secrets. The code is straightforward and appears to be standard styling code for a web application.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign style module that imports a CSS runtime, defines styles, and exports them for application use. There are no signs of malware or malicious behavior. The only unusual aspect is the import path, which is typical in build artifacts. Overall, the code is safe.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}