{
  "purpose": "The script automates building, packaging, and optionally uploading prebuilt binaries for different target environments of a native Node.js addon, likely iohook.",
  "sources": "Process environment variables (ARCH, GYP-related env vars), command-line arguments (argv), package.json (supportedTargets), and file system reads (package.json, build_def files).",
  "sinks": "Child process spawning (spawn for node-gyp), file system modifications (fs.unlinkSync, fs.copySync), network uploads (prebuild/upload), tar file creation, process exit and error handling.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and command-line args influence target selection and build parameters. These parameters are used to spawn child processes for building, then files are archived and optionally uploaded based on flags and env vars.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically constructs build commands and environment variables, but these appear standard for build scripts. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious URL usage detected. The upload process uses an environment variable for GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN, which is expected for authorized uploads but could be misused if compromised.",
  "analysis": "The script begins by setting up environment variables and parsing command-line args to determine build targets. It performs build operations via spawning 'node-gyp' with platform-specific parameters, then archives build artifacts into tarballs. The upload function uses a token from environment variables for uploading to GitHub. The code includes dynamic target and platform configurations, but all actions are typical for a build and deployment process. No code injections, data leaks, or malicious commands are observed. The use of environment variables for tokens is standard but should be secured outside of this script. The code structure and variable usage do not show obfuscation or malicious behavior. Overall, this appears to be a legitimate build script without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build and packaging script for native Node.js modules. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident. The only notable aspect is reliance on environment variables for tokens and configurations, which is typical but should be secured. The code is not obfuscated and lacks suspicious operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}