{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of functions to perform API calls with optional caching, rate limiting, proxy usage, and cookie management, primarily targeting Google Trends API and similar endpoints.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters for URL path, query parameters, headers, cookies, proxy configuration, and optional request cache. Data is read from parameters passed into functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted input is included in URL or headers, or if cookies and sensitive headers are improperly handled. The code also performs network requests which could be exploited if URL parameters are maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function input parameters (path, queryParams, headers) through URL creation, into network requests. Cookie and header management functions read from and write to cookie caches. Responses are processed, and in certain cases, response bodies are sanitized before returning.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. The code sanitizes response bodies from Google API to remove unwanted prefixes, which is standard. No unusual dynamic code execution or obfuscated code is present. Usage of common libraries and patterns appears normal.",
  "analysis": "The code utilizes rate limiting, caching, proxy, and cookie management features typical for a robust API client. It performs network requests via 'got' scraping library, includes response processing to remove specific prefixes, and hashes request data for caching keys. All functions handle data responsibly, with no signs of malicious manipulation. There are no suspicious or malicious behaviors, backdoors, or abnormal data leaks. External dependencies are standard for such tasks. Overall, the code appears well-structured and secure, with appropriate handling of untrusted data and network interactions.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code functions as a controlled API client with caching, rate limiting, and cookie/session management. There is no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. It appears to be standard application logic for making authenticated and cached API requests, with proper sanitization for Google API responses. Risks are minimal and related to normal usage scenarios.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}