{
  "purpose": "The code implements methods for interacting with the Mastodon API, including creating, deleting, searching, favoriting, and boosting statuses, as well as uploading media attachments.",
  "sources": "Input parameters obtained via 'this.getNodeParameter' calls; binary data from 'items[i].binary'; API endpoints constructed with user-supplied URLs and IDs.",
  "sinks": "API request functions (mastodonApiRequest, mastodonApiRequestAllItems) that send data over the network; media upload functions that transmit binary data; response handling that could process untrusted data.",
  "flows": "User-provided URL and IDs are used to form API request URLs; input parameters flow into request bodies and query strings; data fetched or uploaded is returned or processed further.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, unusual variable names, or misleading constructs detected. The code appears standard for an API wrapper. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. Error handling is typical.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical implementation of an API wrapper around Mastodon endpoints, involving network requests with user-supplied parameters. The functions handle binary uploads, make OAuth2-authenticated requests, and handle responses appropriately. The code does not contain any malicious payloads, backdoors, or suspicious data exfiltration routines. No signs of malware such as system manipulation, hidden data theft, or unauthorized system access. The only potential concern is the handling of user data in network requests, which is standard for API interactions. The functions utilize external inputs securely, without evident injection or unsafe evaluation.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as an API wrapper for Mastodon with standard practices. No malicious intent or malware signs are observed. It performs expected network operations for social media interactions. Overall, it appears safe and benign, with no indications of malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}