{
  "purpose": "This code provides methods to interact with the Mastodon API, enabling creating, deleting, searching, favoriting, and boosting statuses, along with media upload capabilities.",
  "sources": "Data is read from node parameters (e.g., url, resource, operation, text, statusId, searchText, additionalFields), and from items array (binary data for attachments).",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows to HTTP request options via mastodonApiRequest, especially in request parameters and request bodies, which are used in network calls.",
  "flows": "Inputs from node parameters and binary data are used to build API request options; these are passed to mastodonApiRequest which performs HTTP requests. Media upload flow involves binary data processing and status polling.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No suspicious or malicious code, backdoors, or unusual behavior observed. Use of requestOAuth2 suggests OAuth2 authentication; no sensitive info in code. The uploadMedia flow with polling is standard for media upload. No obfuscated or minified code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard API interactions with Mastodon, including media uploads with polling for upload completion. It uses parameter-based configuration and network requests with logging. No signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful payloads. All network requests are clearly defined and linked to specific API endpoints. No hardcoded secrets are visible; OAuth2 credentials are managed externally. The overall structure follows normal plugin or connector design patterns, with input validation and error handling. No anomalies or suspicious behaviors are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a Mastodon API client with media upload capabilities. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided content. It operates as expected for a social media API interaction module without any malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}