{
  "purpose": "This code implements methods for interacting with the Mastodon API within an n8n workflow node, including creating, deleting, searching, favoriting, and boosting statuses, as well as uploading media attachments.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data via this.getNodeParameter and items array, including user inputs for URLs, status texts, IDs, and binary data for attachments.",
  "sinks": "The code sends requests to the Mastodon API endpoints using this.helpers.requestOAuth2, which transmits constructed request options including body, query parameters, and binary data.",
  "flows": "Input parameters and binary data flow into API request construction functions, which then send data over network to Mastodon API endpoints; responses are processed and returned.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets found. No obfuscated code. Use of await and dynamic URL/parameter construction appears standard. No unusual or suspicious code structures detected.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly implements API request wrappers and resource-specific methods for Mastodon interaction. It dynamically constructs requests based on user input, handles media uploads with polling, and logs request/response data. No evidence of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity. No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code. The code relies on OAuth2 authentication via this.helpers.requestOAuth2. All network communications are API calls to Mastodon endpoints, which are legitimate within the context of Mastodon API integration. The flow appears consistent with intended functionality, with proper error handling and response processing.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of Mastodon API interaction within an n8n node, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles data as expected for such integration, with no suspicious network activity or malicious code detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}