{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define a module that creates a visual progress indicator (possibly a progress bar or token) using D3.js, with configurable options such as size and image.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include the 'e' parameter (a DOM element or selector) and options object 't' (containing 'size' and 'image'). It reads 'e' and 't' for configuring the SVG element and its attributes. The 'update' function accepts a numeric value 'e' to adjust the progress display.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates the DOM to append SVG elements and modifies their attributes based on input data. No network requests, file system operations, or external data exfiltration are present.",
  "flows": "Input data ('e' DOM element, 't' options, and 'e' value for update) flows into DOM manipulation functions, setting the position and size of SVG elements. The 'update' function maps the input value to a visual position via a linear scale.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified and uses dynamic module loading and object assignments common in bundled JavaScript, which can obscure intent. However, no hardcoded secrets, suspicious domain connections, or obfuscated malicious code are evident. The code only involves DOM manipulation and visualization.",
  "analysis": "The code is a module that constructs a progress indicator using D3.js, with configurable options for size and image. It defines dependencies and module system helpers. The core functionality involves creating SVG elements and updating their position based on input. There are no indications of malicious behavior, such as network activity, credential handling, or hidden backdoors. The minification does not seem to serve malicious obfuscation but is typical of bundled code. The code's logic is consistent with a legitimate visualization component.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code functions as a visual progress indicator using D3.js, with no malicious or suspicious behavior detected. It operates solely within the DOM, with no network or system harm indicators. Its minified state is typical of production bundles and not indicative of obfuscation for malicious purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}