{
  "purpose": "The code defines a large set of mathematical functions, constants, and utility functions, primarily related to arithmetic, trigonometry, logarithms, comparisons, and bitwise operations. It appears intended to provide a utility library for mathematical calculations.",
  "sources": "The code sources data from constants, predefined functions, and mathematical operations; it does not read external input or data streams.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks could include any usage of functions that could be exploited if combined with external data, but the code as provided does not show data being passed to or from external sources. No direct data leaks or external communication is evident.",
  "flows": "No evident source-to-sink data flow exists in this isolated code; it purely defines functions and constants with no data processing or transfer to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a comprehensive set of mathematical utility functions with extensive definitions, some of which are redundancies (e.g., multiple logarithm functions). No signs of obfuscation, hidden code, or malicious constructs. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of mathematical and comparison functions, constants like PI, and bitwise operation utilities. It is structured as an export statement, likely intended as a module. The functions are straightforward, with descriptive names and predictable behaviors. There are no signs of data exfiltration, malicious side effects, or malicious code. The code could be part of a larger math library or computation engine, but in this isolated form, it poses no security risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate mathematical utility library with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It does not include any network activity, data leaks, or backdoors. No malware or security risks are detected in this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}