{
  "purpose": "This code is a CSS preprocessor and adapter designed to handle responsive styling, media queries, px-to-rem conversions, vendor prefixing, and keyframe/media query modifications. Its goal is to transform CSS files for different device widths and orientations.",
  "sources": "The code reads CSS content from input files, parses media queries, style rules, keyframes, and comments using regex patterns, and processes CSS strings for transformations.",
  "sinks": "The code writes transformed CSS back to output files. No untrusted data sources or network sinks are present; the processing is purely local file and string manipulation.",
  "flows": "CSS content is read from files (sources), parsed and transformed via regex and functions, then written to destination files (sinks). The flow involves reading CSS, parsing with regex, applying transformations, and outputting modified CSS.",
  "anomalies": "The code heavily relies on regex parsing of CSS, which can be fragile if CSS is malformed, but this is standard in CSS preprocessors. No suspicious code, hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or network activity are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a CSS utility for responsive styling, employing regex-based parsing for media queries, keyframes, and style rules. It performs style transformations such as unit conversions and vendor prefixing. No malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities are evident. The regex usage, while complex, is typical for CSS processing tools. It operates solely on CSS files and strings, with no external network activity or data exfiltration. The scores assigned in the reports (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: 0.2) are appropriate and consistent with the code's purpose and behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign CSS preprocessing utility aimed at responsive styling adjustments. It does not contain malware, obfuscation, or significant security risks. The current scores are justified and should remain unchanged.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}