{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JavaScript library for creating heatmaps over Cesium maps, including utilities for coordinate transformations and rendering heatmaps as imagery layers or entities.",
  "sources": "Reads input data points for heatmaps, including WGS84 coordinates and optional data values; retrieves data URLs from heatmap.js; accesses Cesium map properties and entities.",
  "sinks": "Creates imagery providers using data URLs; adds or removes entities and imagery layers on the Cesium map; generates data URLs for heatmap images.",
  "flows": "Input data (WGS84 points) is converted to mercator coordinates; heatmap data is set via setData or setWGS84Data; data is rendered to a canvas, which is then converted into a data URL; this URL is used to create an imagery provider or set as entity material; updates manipulate Cesium entities or imagery layers accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code; no unusual dynamic code execution; no hidden backdoors or suspicious network calls. The code uses standard coordinate transformation and canvas rendering methods. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. Heatmap.js is included as an external library, which is open source. The creation and use of data URLs for imagery providers are standard practice for heatmaps.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a CesiumHeatmap module that integrates heatmap.js with Cesium. It offers coordinate transformations between WGS84 and mercator, creates heatmap instances, and overlays them on Cesium maps either as entities or imagery layers. No code performs network requests to suspicious domains or sends data externally. The core functions are related to rendering and display, with no evidence of malicious behavior. The heatmap.js library embedded is standard, well-known code, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious alterations. The data URLs generated are for local rendering purposes only. The overall structure and functions are consistent with legitimate heatmap overlay functionality.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate library for rendering heatmaps on Cesium maps. It transforms coordinates, generates heatmap images, and overlays them appropriately without any malicious actions or suspicious behaviors. No malware or malicious intents are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}