{
  "purpose": "Standard RequireJS 2.1.15 implementation for module loading and dependency management.",
  "sources": "Script tags with data-main attribute, configuration objects, dynamic script insertion points, and eval calls within requirejs.exec and define functions.",
  "sinks": "Dynamic script loading via DOM manipulation, eval execution of module code, and configuration data handling.",
  "flows": "Sources such as script attributes and configuration objects flow into dynamic script creation and eval calls, which execute module code and manage dependencies.",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval for executing module code, minified code with high obfuscation score, dynamic script insertion, no hardcoded secrets or backdoors, no suspicious network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code is a legitimate, well-known open-source module loader (RequireJS 2.1.15). It uses eval as part of its normal operation to execute module code dynamically, which is typical for such loaders. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or sabotage indicators are present. The code is minified, leading to a high obfuscation score, but this is standard for production libraries. The eval usage poses inherent risks but is acceptable in trusted, controlled environments. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious network activity are detected. The scores assigned in the reports (malware near 0, obfuscation high, low to moderate security risk) are consistent with the code's nature and behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard implementation of RequireJS with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. The eval usage is typical but warrants caution when loading untrusted modules. Obfuscation is due to minification, not malicious obfuscation. Overall, the supply chain security posture is acceptable for trusted sources, with low malware and security risk scores. Vigilance should be maintained regarding module sources.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}