{
  "purpose": "This code defines JavaScript classes for managing product kits and their associated data, including prices, bundles, and cart information within an e-commerce context.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data via constructor parameters and 'setData' methods, accessing properties of the data object, including 'promo_end_at', 'bundles', 'products', and 'data' fields.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily manipulates internal data structures and returns objects or strings; no direct data sinks such as network requests, file operations, or eval are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input data into class instances via setData methods, with internal properties computed or assigned. There are no evident flows from untrusted sources to dangerous sinks, as data is mainly used for display or internal processing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code execution are present. The code appears to be standard class definitions and data processing for an e-commerce module. The initial __extends pattern is standard TypeScript transpilation output. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of class definitions for handling product kits and bundles, with data initialization and getter methods. It reads data from provided objects and constructs internal data structures. No external network requests, eval calls, or unsafe code patterns are evident. The code manages prices, promotions, and cart details in a straightforward manner. There are no indications of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration or code injection. The only potential concern is reliance on external data, but that is typical for such modules and does not inherently suggest malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard implementation for managing product kits in an e-commerce system. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware indicators. It appears safe with no security risks present based on this snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}