{
  "purpose": "The code is a Grunt configuration file defining tasks for copying files, linting, cleaning directories, and running unit tests as part of a build process.",
  "sources": "File system operations (grunt.file.mkdir, grunt.file), Grunt configuration inputs (task definitions, file paths, variables), environment variables (not explicitly used), and plugin configurations.",
  "sinks": "File copying operations (grunt.file operations), execution of external tasks (grunt.loadNpmTasks), task registration and execution (grunt.registerTask), and dynamic template strings in file configurations.",
  "flows": "Initialization of directories -> configuration of tasks with file paths and options -> task registration and execution -> file system modifications and copying based on predefined patterns.",
  "anomalies": "Use of template strings within file paths ('<%= test_vars.match %>', '<%= test_vars.version %>') that could be manipulated if user-controlled, but are standard Grunt templating practices. No hardcoded secrets, environment variables, or suspicious code logic present. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical Grunt setup script for automating build tasks including copying files, linting JavaScript code, and cleaning directories. It defines multiple file operations with specific include/exclude patterns. The use of templates allows dynamic path generation based on variables. No external inputs or environment variables are directly referenced in a malicious context. All file operations and task definitions follow standard practices. The script does not perform any network communication, system modifications, or sensitive data handling. No indicators of malicious intent or supply chain attacks are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard build configuration for automating file management tasks using Grunt. It contains no malicious behavior or suspicious code patterns. The use of templating is normal for such scripts. Overall, the code appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}