{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for error formatting, string sanitization, decimal handling, and amount conversions in a blockchain context, likely for a wallet or dApp interacting with Ethereum.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include error objects, string amounts, and network configuration parameters; particularly from user input or external APIs.",
  "sinks": "Error messages, string manipulations, number conversions, and environment variables that could influence transaction behavior or display messages.",
  "flows": "Input data (errors, amounts, network info) is sanitized and processed to produce user-facing error messages or numerical values used in transactions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code uses standard libraries and straightforward logic. No suspicious network requests or data leaks observed. The function 'prettifyErrorMessage' is imported but not defined here; if malicious, it could pose risk, but based on context, it appears to be a standard utility.",
  "analysis": "The functions primarily handle error parsing, string sanitization, and numerical conversions. Error handling includes specific messages for common blockchain issues, which are safe and standard practice. Sanitization removes non-numeric characters, preventing malformed inputs. Conversion functions utilize well-known libraries ('@ethersproject') for number handling, with no evidence of data exfiltration or malicious activity. No external network calls, file operations, or dynamic code execution are present. All code appears to serve legitimate utility purposes with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions for handling errors, sanitizing input, and converting amounts in a blockchain application. No malicious behavior or malware is detected. It appears safe and standard for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}