{
  "purpose": "This code generates QR codes with customizable options for rendering on canvas, image, or div, including embedding data, styling, and annotations like labels and images.",
  "sources": "Input data: the 'text' parameter provided to generate or createQRCode functions; configuration options such as ecLevel, version, mode, and styling settings.",
  "sinks": "Rendering methods on HTML canvas or DOM elements; potential for injecting malicious content if 'text' or styling parameters are manipulated, or if images are sourced from untrusted origins.",
  "flows": "Input 'text' flows from function parameters into QR code generation functions, where it is encoded into data modules; then data flows into rendering functions which produce visual output (canvas, image, or div). External image sources and style parameters could be manipulated to introduce malicious content or hidden elements.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes obfuscated base64 decoding functions and dynamic creation of QR codes with flexible styling. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are apparent. It uses standard QR code algorithms and libraries, with no suspicious network activity or external data leaks observed. No suspicious dynamic code execution or hidden behaviors are detected. The only unusual aspect is the extensive inline implementation of QR code generation logic, which is common in open-source QR libraries.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a comprehensive QR code generator library, with functions for encoding data, constructing QR code modules, and rendering QR images in multiple formats. The code uses standard algorithms for QR code creation, error correction, and styling. It includes utility functions for encoding strings, generating image data, and rendering to canvas or DOM. No parts of the code perform network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are found. The presence of base64 decode functions is standard in handling data encoding, not suspicious. The code structure is typical for open-source QR code libraries, with no obfuscated or malicious intent evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical, open-source QR code generator library with flexible rendering options. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It appears safe for use, with no evidence of malware or security vulnerabilities within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}