{
  "purpose": "This code provides functionality to generate QR codes in various formats (canvas, image, div) with customization options such as size, error correction level, and embedded labels or images.",
  "sources": "Input data from the 'text' parameter in createQRCode and addData functions; configuration options in defaults for rendering, colors, labels, images, and other settings.",
  "sinks": "Rendering functions that output to canvas, image, or DOM elements; data processing in addData and createData functions; network-related code is not present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from the 'text' parameter into the QR code generator, passing through addData, write, and mapData functions to generate the QR matrix, then to rendering functions that output visual elements.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution; no external network connections, file modifications, or reverse shells; the code appears to perform legitimate QR code rendering functions. It does include complex image and canvas manipulation functions, but these are consistent with QR code generation and image embedding features.",
  "analysis": "The code extensively implements QR code generation, including error correction, masking, and rendering in multiple formats. It has functions for encoding data, constructing QR modules, and rendering with styling options. The presence of helper functions for base64 encoding/decoding, LZW compression, and image processing are standard for generating QR codes with visual enhancements. There are no indications of malicious data exfiltration, backdoors, or unauthorized system access. The code is self-contained, with no network requests or system modifications. The complex image processing and canvas manipulations are typical for QR code visualization features. Overall, the logic is consistent with legitimate QR code library functionality.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a comprehensive QR code generation library. It contains no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The complex image processing functions are standard for creating visually customizable QR codes. No external network activity, credential theft, or backdoors are detected. The code appears safe and legitimate for QR code creation purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}