{
  "purpose": "This code implements a mock server that serves pre-defined mock responses based on HTTP request details, including method, headers, body, and query parameters. It dynamically loads mock files for specified routes and conditions.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include HTTP request URL, method, headers, body (via req.on('data')), and query parameters. It also reads mock files from the filesystem based on constructed filenames.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the dynamic require call to load JavaScript mock files (`require(process.cwd() + '/' + mockJSFile)`) and fs.readFileSync to read mock files. These can execute arbitrary code if malicious mock files are present.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data (URL, headers, body, query) influence the filename generation for mock files, which are then required or read from disk. This creates a flow from untrusted input to code execution or file reading.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses require with a dynamically constructed path based on request data, which is risky if mock filenames are manipulated. There are no evident sanitization steps for filenames, leading to potential arbitrary file inclusion. The code does not sanitize or validate input before requiring files, posing a security risk.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs filenames for mock JavaScript files and mock data files based on request parameters (method, headers, body, query). It then attempts to load these files using require() and fs.readFileSync(). Because the filenames are derived directly from user input without validation or sanitization, an attacker could craft requests that cause the server to require or read arbitrary files, potentially executing malicious code (if malicious mock files are placed in the expected locations). The dynamic require call is a critical sink that can lead to remote code execution if an attacker controls the mock files or filename parameters. The code uses permutations of headers to find matching mock files, which amplifies the risk if an attacker manipulates headers to influence filenames. No security controls or filename validation are present. The code does not obfuscate or intentionally hide malicious intent but does exhibit a high-risk pattern due to unsanitized dynamic requiring of files based on external data.",
  "conclusion": "The code's core logic involves dynamically requiring mock JavaScript files based on user input, which is inherently risky. Lack of filename sanitization and validation introduces a significant security vulnerability—arbitrary code execution via malicious mock files. This pattern is dangerous and could be exploited to run arbitrary code on the server. The overall security risk is high, and the pattern suggests a malicious or severely insecure implementation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.7,
  "securityRisk": 0.9,
  "report_number": 5
}