{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions for number formatting, date conversion, deep cloning, array manipulation, precise arithmetic, number-to-Chinese conversion, type checking, debouncing, throttling, and data structure transformation.",
  "sources": "Input data is taken from function parameters, object properties, and external function calls (e.g., new Date(), input parameters). No external sources are directly accessed within the code.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include console logs (not present), or external data transformations. No network requests, file operations, or system commands are evident. Arithmetic and data processing are confined within functions.",
  "flows": "Data flows originate from input parameters and internal variables, processed through formatters, parsers, and transformations. No untrusted external input flows directly into insecure operations or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior detected. Code appears to be standard utility functions. The number-to-Chinese conversion, date formatting, and deep copy are typical utility patterns. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises multiple utility functions commonly used in JavaScript applications, such as formatting numbers with thousand separators, international number formatting, date conversions, deep cloning, array deduplication, high-precision arithmetic, converting numbers to Chinese monetary notation, type checking, debounce and throttle for performance optimization, and data structure conversions. All functions operate within expected bounds, with no signs of malicious behavior or external network communication. The functions process data passed as arguments, with no external data leaks or unsafe operations identified. The implementation adheres to standard patterns without obfuscated or suspicious code segments.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a set of utility functions with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data leaks. The functions perform safe data processing and formatting, suitable for use in broader applications. Overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}