{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for formatting numbers and dates, deep cloning objects, removing duplicates, performing precise decimal calculations, converting numbers to Chinese currency notation, type checking, implementing debounce and throttle, transforming array/tree structures, and grouping arrays. It appears intended for general frontend application use.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters such as setTime, x, ymd, ms, key, fun, and array data passed into functions like quchong, changeTorA, and arrayGroup.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are mostly safe, involving data formatting, deep copying, and data transformations. No direct output or network operations are present in this code segment. There are no apparent sinks that handle untrusted data in a vulnerable way.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through formatting, cloning, or transformation functions. For example, number inputs are formatted or converted, date inputs are processed into strings, and arrays are deduplicated or restructured.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code is detected. The functions are standard utility implementations. No use of dynamic code execution or hidden operations is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of well-structured utility functions for common tasks. It employs standard JavaScript features without any signs of malicious intent. The deep clone function 'shenKaoBei' handles various data types correctly, the number formatting functions are safe, and the array transformations are straightforward. No external network requests or system manipulations are present. The presence of comments and modular structure suggests maintainability rather than malicious design.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the comprehensive review, there is no evidence of malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage within this code segment. The functions perform standard utility operations safely and transparently. There are no indicators of malware, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}