{
  "purpose": "This code implements a drag selection utility that allows users to select multiple elements on a webpage by clicking and dragging a selection box.",
  "sources": "The code reads user input events such as 'mousedown', 'mousemove', and 'mouseup' to track user interactions for the drag selection process.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies DOM elements by adding styles and classes, and updates the position and size of the selection box element. It also reads data attributes from elements with 'data-dragselect'.",
  "flows": "User mouse events (mousedown, mousemove, mouseup) serve as sources; these trigger updates to the selection box's position and size, class manipulations on elements, and styling changes, representing source-to-sink data flow within DOM manipulations.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically generates CSS styles as a string and appends them to the document head, which is standard. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or obfuscated code are present. No network activity or suspicious external connections are evident. The code primarily manages UI interactions without any hidden or malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a draggable selection box, attaches event listeners for mouse interactions, and manages classes and styles to visually represent a selection area. It also identifies DOM elements under the selection box and marks them with a class. All operations relate to DOM manipulations and style adjustments, with no network activity or code that could be malicious. The CSS is dynamically created but straightforward and related to visual styling. No malicious intent or malicious code patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of a drag selection utility. It does not contain any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It primarily manipulates DOM elements to enable selection functionality. The code is un-obfuscated, and no suspicious activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}