{
  "purpose": "This code implements a drag selection UI component, allowing users to click and drag to select elements on a webpage.",
  "sources": "It reads data from DOM elements, particularly elements with the attribute 'data-dragselect' and the element with id '__drag-select-stylesheet'. It also reads mouse event properties (clientX, clientY, pageX, pageY).",
  "sinks": "It modifies DOM styles, class lists, and appends style and div elements to the document. It also registers event listeners for 'mousedown', 'mousemove', and 'mouseup'.",
  "flows": "User interaction via mouse events triggers style modifications and class additions/removals, affecting DOM elements based on their bounding rectangles and cursor position.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation detected. The code dynamically injects styles and modifies DOM based on user input. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a draggable selection box, attaching event listeners to handle drag operations. It dynamically creates style tags and a selection box element, manages class lists to indicate dragging state, and updates styles based on mouse movement. It checks for elements with a specific data attribute to determine selection targets. The code's logic is consistent with a UI selection feature, and it does not perform any network activity or system modifications. No obfuscated code, no use of eval or Function constructors, and no suspicious data handling. The code's purpose aligns with UI interaction rather than malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate drag selection utility without malicious behavior. It dynamically manipulates the DOM for user interface purposes, with no signs of malware or malicious data handling. The implementation seems safe and intended for user interaction features.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}