{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Phaser 3 plugin for drag selection and camera movement controls, along with utility scenes and interface management. Its main purpose is to provide interactive features for a game or visualization in Phaser.",
  "sources": "The code reads user input events such as 'pointerdown', 'pointerup', 'pointermove', and 'gameover' from the Phaser scene's input system. It also accesses scene properties such as camera, game canvas, and scene configuration.",
  "sinks": "The code updates camera scroll positions based on pointer movements. It modifies scene graphics (e.g., drawing selection rectangles). It also sets up event handlers to respond to user interactions. No data is transmitted externally or stored in an insecure manner.",
  "flows": "Input events trigger pointer event handlers that update internal vectors and rectangles; these are then used to move the camera or draw selection visuals. The plugin calls configuration functions (like 'onPreview' and 'onSelect') with selected items but does not send data outside the scope. Camera movement flows from pointer delta calculations. No external network flow or data exfiltration is present.",
  "anomalies": "There are no indications of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. The code appears to be well-structured for its purpose. No suspicious network connections, file manipulations, or data leaks are detected. The code uses standard Phaser practices for user interaction and scene management.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a Phaser plugin for drag selection and camera control, with utility scene creation and interface management. It relies solely on user input events and Phaser APIs. No external network activity, system modifications, or hidden behaviors are present. It properly manages input event enabling/disabling, uses configuration options, and handles scene interactions securely. No signs of obfuscation or malware are identified. The code's purpose aligns with common game development tasks, and it does not include any malicious or sabotage behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate Phaser 3 plugin for drag selection and camera controls, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It functions within expected parameters for game or visualization interaction management.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}