{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Phaser 3 plugin for drag selection and camera control, providing user interaction features like rectangle selection and camera dragging within a game scene.",
  "sources": "Inputs include user pointer events (pointerdown, pointerup, pointermove) on the game canvas, scene input events, and configuration parameters. External dependencies include the 'phaser' library and internal modules for scene management and mouse interaction.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are functions that could process untrusted input, such as updating selection rectangles, triggering callbacks on selection, or modifying camera scroll positions based on user input. The code does not send data over the network or write to the filesystem.",
  "flows": "Input events (pointer down/up/move) update internal state (start/end positions), which then influence selection rectangles and camera scroll adjustments. User interaction flows from event handlers to geometric calculations and scene modifications.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code structure appears standard for a Phaser plugin with well-defined classes and event handling. No obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic eval, or misleading variable usage was identified.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical implementation of a user interaction plugin for Phaser 3, including classes for mouse interface, camera dragging, and scene management. It uses configuration parameters for customization, handles user input events securely, and performs geometric calculations for selection rectangles. No malicious behavior or sabotage patterns are evident. All functions and classes serve legitimate purposes within the plugin's context.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard, legitimate Phaser 3 plugin designed for drag selection and camera control. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It functions as intended without covert or harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}