{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Phaser 3 plugin for drag-and-drop selection functionality, managing scene interactions, camera control, and user input for a game or visualization.",
  "sources": "Inputs include scene events, user mouse input (pointer down, move, up, right-click), and scene children. Data is read from user interactions and scene properties.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include mouse event handlers, scene modifications, and camera adjustments, which could be exploited to cause unexpected scene behavior if misused.",
  "flows": "Input events trigger input handler functions that update internal state, modify scene or camera parameters, or call user-defined callbacks; no data flows to external systems are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns observed. The code structure appears typical for Phaser plugin development, with clear separation of concerns. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution detected. All external dependencies are standard and safe.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a Phaser plugin for drag selection, handling mouse input, scene overlays, and camera control. It uses well-known Phaser constructs and event listeners. The functions for input handling, scene management, and camera panning are implemented straightforwardly, with no signs of malicious behavior. No network requests, system modifications, or data leaks are present. The code does not contain suspicious patterns such as code injection, reverse shells, or covert data exfiltration. The minimal and typical plugin logic strongly suggests intended functionality without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard Phaser 3 plugin designed for user interaction and scene management. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or sabotage signs. The implementation is consistent with typical plugin development, with no external or hidden malicious operations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}