{
  "purpose": "The code parses an SVG string into a structured object model with bindings and attributes, likely for rendering or manipulation purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data: the SVG string passed to parseFromSVGString, node attributes, and text content within SVG elements.",
  "sinks": "Binding expressions within attribute values, potential DOM manipulations (e.g., setAttribute), and use of document.querySelector for DOM parsing.",
  "flows": "SVG string input -> DOMParser parses string -> build() processes nodes and attributes -> extraction of binding expressions and setting attributes -> output object with markup, attrs, bindings.",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval-like parsing with regexes for binding expressions, potential for malicious expressions if user-controlled SVG includes dangerous bindings; no sanitization of SVG content shown. No external data fetching, but the code processes potentially untrusted SVG input.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a parser that converts an SVG string into a structured object, extracting bindings and attributes. It uses regexes to identify binding expressions in attribute values and text content, which could be exploited if malicious SVG content contains crafted expressions. However, the core functionality involves DOM parsing and attribute processing, with no evident network operations or system modifications. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The regex-based parsing is careful to avoid ReDoS issues, and the code does not execute any expressions or code directly; it merely parses and stores expressions. Overall, the code appears safe in isolation but could pose risks if injected SVG contains malicious bindings, especially if later used unsanitized.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a SVG parser that extracts bindings and attributes for rendering purposes. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. Its security risk level is low, assuming proper use and sanitization of SVG inputs. No signs of malware or backdoors are evident. The main concern relates to handling untrusted SVG content that may include malicious bindings, but the code itself does not perform malicious actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}