{
  "purpose": "This code parses SVG strings into a structured JSON format, extracting markup, attributes, and bindings for further processing or rendering.",
  "sources": "Input SVG string provided to parseFromSVGString, DOMParser parsing, attribute values, and textContent of nodes.",
  "sinks": "Attribute assignments, setting of ':text' or 'text' attributes, pushing bindings, and modifying DOM elements.",
  "flows": "SVG string -> DOMParser -> DOM nodes -> build() function processes nodes -> extraction of bindings and attributes -> output JSON.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic attribute parsing and binding expression evaluation. The code constructs binding objects based on regex matches, which may process untrusted expressions. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are evident. No network activity or system modifications are present. The code includes a regex for binding expressions, but does not evaluate or execute them beyond parsing, reducing risk.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs parsing and transformation of SVG input data into a structured object format. It uses regex to identify binding expressions within attribute values and text content, storing them as binding objects with identifiers. No code injection or dynamic execution based on untrusted input is performed beyond regex parsing. DOM manipulation is standard and confined to the document fragment. The parsing functions appear focused on extracting data rather than executing code. No suspicious network activity or system modification mechanisms are detected. Overall, it appears to be a safe SVG parser with binding extraction capabilities, with no malicious behavior or sabotage detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a SVG parsing utility that extracts markup, attributes, and data bindings for rendering or processing. It employs regex-based parsing to identify binding expressions but does not evaluate or execute them, minimizing security risks. No malicious activity, backdoors, or malware are present. It is a safe utility with respect to supply chain security, assuming the input SVG content is trusted or sanitized prior to use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}