{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component 'GraphGL' that renders a graph visualization using deck.gl, with support for interactions, layers, minimap, and context management.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through props such as 'data', 'width', 'height', and 'options'. It also accesses DOM elements via refs. No external untrusted sources are explicitly fetched.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include event emitters, React state updates, and DOM event listeners. These are used for interaction handling and rendering, not for data leakage or malicious effects.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props into internal states and contexts. User interactions trigger event emitters and state updates. No data flows into external systems or network requests.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code employs standard React hooks, event handling, and layer filtering. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are present. The only external dependency is 'eventEmitter' which appears to be a standard utility, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a well-structured React component for rendering a graph with various features. It reads data from props, manages internal states, and sets up event handlers for interactions. No external data fetching, network requests, or suspicious behavior are detected. The event emitter usage is confined to internal event handling. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code's complexity and structure align with standard practices for such components.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React component for graph visualization with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It employs common patterns and external libraries in a typical manner. There are no indicators of malware, data leaks, or sabotage within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}