{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component for rendering an interactive graph visualization using deck.gl and other custom hooks and components.",
  "sources": "Data inputs such as 'props.data', 'props.options', and event handlers reading user interactions. External dependencies like 'react', '@deck.gl/react', and local modules. Event emitter for handling events.",
  "sinks": "Event emitter emitting events like 'CanvasClick', 'CanvasContextMenu', and drag events. Access to DOM elements such as canvas and container. Potential rendering of tooltip content.",
  "flows": "User interactions (click, drag, hover) flow from event handlers to emitter or tooltip functions. Data and options flow into hooks and components for rendering and behavior. No untrusted external data flows evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code segments. The code uses standard React hooks, component structure, and external dependencies. No suspicious dynamic code execution, eval, or string manipulations. The event handling and context management are typical for React-based visualization components.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a React component that renders a graph visualization, manages state, handles user events, and exposes an API via refs. It uses external hooks and context for layout and interaction logic. The event emitter is standard for decoupled event handling. No suspicious data handling or code injection is present. The code does not perform any network requests, data leaks, or system modifications. All external modules appear to be standard libraries or local utilities for visualization.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured React component for rendering interactive graphs. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are evident. The presence of an event emitter and event handling is typical and not suspicious. Overall, the code seems safe and free from malware or malicious intents.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}