{
  "purpose": "Provides cryptographic functions for encryption, decryption, key generation, and hashing using AES, SHA256, and HMAC, primarily for securing data and files.",
  "sources": "User-provided passphrases, file paths for reading files, data buffers or JSON objects for encryption, and metadata parameters for cryptographic operations.",
  "sinks": "Crypto module functions (createCipheriv, createDecipheriv, update, final, getAuthTag), potentially exposing sensitive data through crypto outputs, and file reading operations that may leak file contents.",
  "flows": "Passphrase and data flow into CreateKey and encryption/decryption functions; generated keys and IVs used in cipher creation; data encrypted or decrypted, with tags or hashes produced for validation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or suspicious backdoors detected. The code uses standard cryptographic practices without unusual behavior. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present. Slight inconsistency in handling meta.ext (potentially unused assignment).",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard cryptographic routines using Node.js crypto library, including key derivation with scrypt, AES cipher creation, SHA256 hashing, and HMAC for authentication tags. Encryption/decryption functions handle various modes (GCM, CBC), with appropriate tag verification and error handling. File encryption/decryption functions read files and process binary or text data securely. No evidence of malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms. Use of crypto module appears legitimate and in line with standard practices. The code does not interact with external network endpoints or system resources beyond file I/O and cryptography. The only minor concern is the handling of meta.ext, which may be redundant or misused, but not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a well-implemented cryptographic utility module without malicious intent. It employs standard security practices and does not include any suspicious or malicious behaviors. The code is safe for use in its intended cryptographic functions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}