{
  "purpose": "This code module imports the 'coffee-script' compiler and a local 'middleware' module, then exports a function that passes user options and the CoffeeScript module to the middleware. Its purpose is to configure middleware with the CoffeeScript compiler.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'require' statements for 'coffee-script' and './middleware'. It also receives 'opts' as input when the exported function is invoked.",
  "sinks": "The code passes the 'coffee' module to the 'middleware' function, which could be a sink if the middleware mishandles or executes it insecurely. However, in this snippet, there are no direct sinks such as network activity, file writes, or code execution.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from the required modules and the 'opts' parameter into the 'middleware' function, with the 'coffee' module being passed as an argument. No dynamic or external data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code is straightforward and standard.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a known dependency ('coffee-script') and a local middleware module, then exports a function that supplies these to the middleware. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious patterns. The passing of the 'coffee' module to middleware is typical for configuration purposes. The overall structure is simple and benign. No data leaks, code injection, or backdoors are evident. The minor security risk score of 0.1 in some reports appears to be a conservative estimate considering potential middleware behavior, but it is not justified by the code itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward module setup with no malicious intent or suspicious patterns. All signals indicate benign behavior. The slight elevation in security risk scores in some reports is unwarranted based on this code snippet. Therefore, the malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and security risk score should be 0 for an accurate assessment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}