{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for handling object key conversions, file attachments, stream processing, and environment detection in Node.js and Bun environments, primarily for forming multipart data and manipulating data structures.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters such as files (via paths, buffers, or streams), object properties, and streams for chunked reading.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include appending files and blobs to form data objects, reading files from disk, and creating streams for data processing.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources such as file paths, buffers, or streams into form-data attachments, object key conversions, or chunked stream processing functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code involves file system access for reading files and converting streams into chunks, which is standard. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code does not include network communication or data exfiltration mechanisms. The environment detection and form-data handling are typical.",
  "analysis": "The code performs data structure transformations (snake_case to camelCase and vice versa), file handling (reading files, attaching files/blobs to form data), environment detection (Node.js vs Bun), and stream processing (chunking and streaming data). These functions operate on provided input data and do not contain any suspicious code paths. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated logic, or suspicious network activity is observed. The handling of files and streams appears standard, with appropriate checks for file existence. There are no signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or covert communication. The code is well-structured and typical of utility modules for data handling in JS environments.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility library for data and file handling in server-side JavaScript environments. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. Its functionality aligns with common data processing tasks without suspicious or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}