{
  "purpose": "The code implements a precise addition function for numerical strings, handling both integer and decimal parts, likely for financial or high-precision calculations.",
  "sources": [
    "The input parameters 'num1' and 'num2', which are strings split into integer and decimal parts.",
    "Imported modules './digit-equalizer' and './zero-remover' that process parts of the numbers."
  ],
  "sinks": [
    "The 'add' function performs string concatenation for the sum and carry, but does not include any data leaks or external data effects.",
    "No data is sent over network, written to files, or interacts with environment variables."
  ],
  "flows": [
    "Input strings are split into parts, then equalized and added through helper functions.",
    "The addition results are combined and returned as a string representing the sum."
  ],
  "anomalies": [
    "Use of source maps ('//# sourceMappingURL') which is standard for debugging, not suspicious.",
    "No hard-coded secrets, credentials, or external calls present.",
    "The code performs standard arithmetic operations with no obfuscation or dynamic code execution."
  ],
  "analysis": "The code performs numerical string addition with attention to decimal parts, using helper functions to align digits and remove leading/trailing zeros. There are no external data dependencies beyond input parameters. No network or system operations, no hardcoded credentials, or suspicious code structures are present. The logic is straightforward and intended for numeric calculations. The presence of source maps indicates standard debugging support, not malicious obfuscation. Overall, the code appears benign, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of string-based numeric addition, with no malicious intent or security risks detected. It serves a calculation purpose with no suspicious activity or malware characteristics.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}