{
  "purpose": "This script automates the downloading, extraction, and installation of prebuilt binaries for the iohook module across different platforms and architectures, primarily to facilitate native bindings for Node.js/Electron environments.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (npm_config_targets, npm_config_platforms, npm_config_arches), reads package.json for supportedTargets, reads system info (process.versions, process.platform, process.arch), reads local files (package.json, __dirname), network request to download prebuilds via nugget.",
  "sinks": "Network request to download prebuilt binaries (nugget), file system write streams (fs.createReadStream, fs.createWriteStream, fs.createWriteStream), extraction to local filesystem (tar-fs), console output for logs and errors.",
  "flows": "Sources such as environment variables and system info influence the control flow that determines which prebuilds are downloaded and installed; network request flows from URL formation based on system info; downloaded data is piped through gunzip and extracted to local directories.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. Use of `console.log` and `console.error` for logging, which is standard. Proxy configurations are read from user’s npm config without validation but this is normal for proxy setup. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or suspicious variable names. The code performs legitimate download and extraction operations.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to perform expected operations for managing prebuilt binaries, including reading configurations, environment variables, and system info, then downloading and extracting files accordingly. It includes error handling for network and file operations. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or code injection. The download URL is constructed dynamically but based on known parameters and system info, typical for build automation. Proxy and SSL options are configurable via npm config, standard practice. No suspicious external calls or attempts to access sensitive data beyond environment variables. Overall, the code functions as intended for prebuild management without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard prebuild installer for iohook, involving configuration reading, network download, and file extraction. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. No security risks or malicious anomalies detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}