{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to parse Prometheus metrics formatted text into JavaScript objects, including handling labels, help texts, and types. It also defines custom error classes and utility functions for parsing and transforming metric data.",
  "sources": "Input data sources are the 'metrics' string passed to parsePrometheusTextFormat and individual lines read within the parsing functions.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially be injected into the output objects if input metrics are maliciously crafted, especially via labels or lines that manipulate the parsing logic. However, there are no external data sinks such as network calls, file writes, or eval/exec functions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the input string 'metrics' through line splitting and parsing functions, constructing objects with metric data and labels. No external data flow or sensitive system interaction occurs.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive parsing with multiple state checks and string manipulations. It includes a custom error class. The parsing logic appears strict and designed for well-formed Prometheus data; no suspicious code or backdoors are evident. Usage of standard JavaScript features; no obfuscation, code injection, or hidden malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code reads structured input metrics and processes them through state machine parsing functions, building objects representing metrics with labels, help texts, and types. It includes handling for escaped characters, label parsing, and metrics aggregation. The code uses no external network or system interaction, no eval/Function constructors, and no external data sinks. The import of 'shallow-equal' is a benign dependency used for object comparison. All operations are confined to data parsing and object transformation, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a Prometheus metrics parser in JavaScript, with no malicious intent or harmful behavior detected. It strictly processes input data and transforms it into structured objects for further use. No security risks or malware behaviors are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}