{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a complex combination of multiple JavaScript modules, including dependencies for streams, cryptography, and a React-like UI framework. It primarily implements various cryptographic hash functions, stream utilities, and a virtual DOM rendering engine. There is no clear indication of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or unauthorized system access. The primary functionality is consistent with standard cryptographic and UI libraries.",
  "sources": "Imports from external modules such as './index-Dm_IokvM.js' and 'index-Dm_IokvM.js', reading of various cryptographic and stream states, object property accesses, and internal function calls that process data buffers and streams.",
  "sinks": "Data flows within cryptographic functions (hash computations), stream buffer manipulations, and DOM manipulations in virtual DOM rendering. No direct untrusted data sink, network communication, or system modification observed.",
  "flows": "Input data (buffers, strings, stream data) is processed through cryptographic hash functions, stream pipelines, and DOM updates. No suspicious source-to-sink flows like data leaks or external communications are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behaviors such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The code contains standard cryptographic algorithms, stream management, and React-like component handling. All functions and variables follow expected patterns for such libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code includes multiple cryptographic hash function implementations (SHA family, Keccak, SHA3), stream management utilities, and a React-like virtual DOM rendering framework. These are standard components of cryptographic and UI libraries. The code does not contain any network requests, clipboard access, or system file operations that could indicate malicious behavior. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The flow from data input through cryptographic functions and DOM rendering appears normal. The structure is complex but typical for bundled library code.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a complex, multi-module library bundle implementing cryptographic hashing, stream handling, and UI rendering. No evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks is found within this module. It functions as a standard cryptography and UI toolkit without suspicious signals.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}