{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for measuring and processing text styles and layout in a rendering context, including size calculations, splitting text, and style normalization.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from function parameters such as text arrays, style objects, and style context stacks. It also reads properties like font, fontSize, style attributes, and text content.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions like widthOfString and measure that process text data for rendering, and the functions that retrieve style properties, which could be manipulated if untrusted input is provided. No direct network or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (text, style objects) flows into measure, normalizeTextArray, and style property retrieval functions, which then influence size calculations and style application. These are internal computations without external side effects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code is straightforward, performing text measurements and style normalization. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a utility module for text measurement and layout, employing safe practices such as input normalization and style copying. It leverages external font provider and line breaking libraries but does not perform network operations, file system access, or code execution. All data flows appear to be controlled, with no signs of malicious intent or malicious data leaks. The functions handle styling and measurements securely, focusing on rendering calculations without external side effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility library for text measurement and styling, with no malicious behavior or security risks identified. It relies on external libraries and internal logic for safe text processing. No malicious intent, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}