{
  "purpose": "The code defines a QueryService class that provides methods for performing various map query operations such as bounds, distance, SQL, and geometry queries, by interfacing with a map service backend.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters for map queries (e.g., bounds, geometry, query parameters) through method arguments; it also processes options for network requests.",
  "sinks": "The code calls external services via this._queryService which likely makes network requests; data flows from input parameters to these network calls. No direct data leak or sink evident in the code itself.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are processed in _processParams() and then passed to external query methods, which presumably send requests to backend services.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs. The code follows standard pattern for a map query service. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected. No dynamic code execution or suspicious domain usage.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides a wrapper class for making map query requests to a backend service, with input parameter normalization and validation. It processes various input types (LngLat, bounds, geometry) into standardized formats for queries. It uses external dependencies (maplibre-gl, @supermapgis) in typical ways, with no signs of malicious behavior or unusual data flows. There are no hardcoded secrets, network connections to suspicious domains, or obfuscated code. The network interactions are abstracted away via _queryService, which is presumed to be a legitimate service interface. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, well-structured API wrapper without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical map query service wrapper with no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It processes input parameters and forwards them to backend services. No anomalies, malware, or suspicious network activities are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}