{
  "purpose": "A client-side JavaScript class wrapping spatial query services, processing input parameters into server-compatible formats, and delegating network requests to an external service.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as bounds, geometry, query parameters, and options; data transformations from maplibre-gl objects to internal formats.",
  "sinks": "Delegation to '_queryService' methods which perform network requests; potential data transmission over the network.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are processed via '_processParams', converting various maplibre-gl objects into server-compatible formats, then passed to '_queryService' methods for execution.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or backdoors detected. The code is straightforward and standard for an API wrapper.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard wrapper for spatial query services, converting various input types into server-compatible formats and delegating requests. No malicious payloads, obfuscation, or suspicious behavior are present. The parameter processing is thorough and aligns with best practices. External service dependencies are assumed legitimate. The code's structure and logic are sound, with no errors or flaws evident. Given the absence of malicious indicators, the malware score is 0. The code is clear, with no obfuscation, so the obfuscated score is 0. The security risk score is low (~0.2), reflecting minimal inherent risk due to network communication but no vulnerabilities or malicious activity. Overall, the code is a legitimate, well-structured API wrapper with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard, transparent GIS query service wrapper with no malicious or suspicious behavior detected. The scores of malware=0, obfuscated=0, and risk=0.2 are justified and consistent with the code's structure and purpose. No further action or modifications are necessary.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}