{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client-side JavaScript class 'QueryService' for interacting with a map server to perform various spatial queries such as bounds, distance, SQL, and geometry-based queries.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters for spatial queries, configuration options, and possibly user-provided map bounds or geometries.",
  "sinks": "The code sends requests to a server endpoint specified by 'url', with parameters processed and potentially including user inputs. It may also handle callback functions for results.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (including bounds, geometries, query params) are processed by _processParams, then passed to underlying 'CommonQueryService' methods which send network requests. Callback functions or promises handle responses.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious hardcoded secrets. The code performs standard parameter processing and request forwarding. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. Use of external libraries appears appropriate.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class for spatial query services, wrapping around a common query service. The parameter processing method converts various input types (arrays, maplibre-gl objects) into server-compatible formats. No signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, system access, or malicious network activity are present. The module only manages request parameters and delegates actual network communication to the 'CommonQueryService'. The code appears to be a standard API wrapper with input validation and transformation. No suspicious behavior, hidden code, or malicious payloads detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of a spatial query service wrapper with input processing and network request delegation. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or malware characteristics. The code appears safe and aligned with its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}