{
  "purpose": "This code implements a JavaScript library for generating loot tables and simulating random loot drops, likely for gaming or simulation purposes.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from function parameters, internal variables, and global objects; notably, Math.random() for randomness, and input arguments for loot configurations.",
  "sinks": "Uses Math.random() for probabilistic decisions; no evidence of data being sent externally or affecting system state outside loot generation logic.",
  "flows": "Input data (loot definitions and parameters) flow into class constructors and functions; results are generated within the loot() method, with randomness influencing outcomes.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. The code appears well-structured, with no obfuscated or suspicious language features. No hidden network activity, credential storage, or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical loot system implementation with functions for probabilistic and statistical simulations (coin flip, dice roll). It uses standard methods for random number generation (Math.random()) and statistical calculations. The loot table logic involves probabilistic item selection, with sorting and cascading probabilities. No external network calls, environment variable manipulations, or other malicious activities are present. The code's structure and functions are consistent with legitimate loot generation algorithms. Given the lack of suspicious code patterns or external data flows, and the absence of malicious logic, there is no indication of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate loot table and random loot generator library. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage elements. The code is well-structured, with no signs of malware, data leakage, or sabotage. The only concern could be misuse in malicious contexts, but the code itself is benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}