{
  "purpose": "This code provides a framework for generating loot drops based on probabilistic algorithms and user-defined loot tables. It includes functions for random sampling, probability calculations, and loot item management.",
  "sources": "The code reads input primarily from parameters passed into functions such as loot(), coin_flip(), dice_roll(), and configuration objects like prefs and table definitions.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can influence loot generation via the loot table configurations and function parameters; however, there are no direct network, file system, or environment variable operations. The code does not perform any data exfiltration or external communication.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (loot table definitions, function arguments for trial counts, probabilities, and item details) flow into probabilistic functions (coin_flip, dice_roll, probit), which influence the loot result array construction in loot(). There are no external sinks or data leaks present.",
  "anomalies": "The code is highly obfuscated with numerous helper functions, but these are standard transpiled utility functions from modern JavaScript syntax. There are no hidden or suspicious code patterns, no hardcoded secrets, nor any external network operations. The code's structure appears typical for a probabilistic loot generator, with no backdoors or malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is a JavaScript loot generation library that uses mathematical functions for random sampling and probability calculations, with extensive helper functions to support array manipulation and iteration. It defines a LootTable class with methods to generate loot based on configured pools and probabilistic rules. All data flow is internal, from input parameters into functions, with no external data sources or sinks. The code does not perform any network requests, file operations, or system modifications. Its obfuscation level is due to transpilation and utility functions, not malicious intent. No malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a probabilistic loot generation library with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It functions solely to generate loot based on defined probabilities and weights. There are no external communications, hidden backdoors, or malicious payloads present. The code appears safe and legitimate within its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}