{
  "purpose": "Webpack configuration defining entry points, output, externals, and a custom plugin that deletes specific files during build time.",
  "sources": "The plugin checks for existence of './index.js' and './without-countries.js' using 'fs.existsSync' during the 'thisCompilation' hook.",
  "sinks": "File deletion commands 'fs.rmSync' execute if files exist, removing them from the filesystem during build.",
  "flows": "During build, the plugin checks for files and deletes them if present, executing synchronously within the compilation hook.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual file deletion during build process; no external input or dynamic code; straightforward logic; no obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Webpack configuration with a plugin that deletes specific files during build. The deletion is performed via synchronous filesystem calls during the 'thisCompilation' hook, which is unconventional but not malicious. No external data influences this behavior, and the code is clear and straightforward. No signs of malicious activity such as network communication, data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors are present. The deletion targets are fixed filenames, likely for cleanup purposes. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious intent. The security risk score is low (~0.2), acknowledging the unusual cleanup behavior but lacking evidence of harm. Confidence is high (1), given the clarity and simplicity of the code. Overall, the behavior appears benign, serving as a build cleanup step, with no supply chain security issues.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Webpack configuration with a custom cleanup plugin that deletes specific files during build. While the deletion is unconventional, it does not indicate malicious intent or security risk. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate and consistent with the analysis. No evidence suggests malicious activity or supply chain compromise.",
  "malware": 0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "confidence": 1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}