{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a test suite for the Performantrics SDK, including plugin system, metric recording, error tracking, and environment compatibility checks.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from test cases, mock functions, and environment events (e.g., ErrorEvent, PromiseRejectionEvent). It also imports modules and libraries such as 'uuid', '../../src', and '../../src/utils/browserCompatibility'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include console logging, fetch network requests, and manipulation of metrics data. The fetch calls transmit metrics to an endpoint; console logs output information and errors.",
  "flows": "Input from test cases and environment events flows into SDK methods (e.g., recordMetric, startCustomMeasure), which then may lead to console logging, network requests, or internal state updates.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. The uuid function is mocked to return a fixed string 'test-uuid', which is normal in test environments. The code does not perform any suspicious file operations, data exfiltration, or network connections to suspicious domains. No obfuscated code or malicious constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive test suite for an SDK, including mock functions, plugin system, metric handling, error tracking, and environment compatibility checks. It uses standard testing practices with jest mocks, environment event listeners, and controlled test data. There are no signs of malicious code or sabotage, such as network connections to malicious domains, data theft, backdoors, or covert operations. All network requests are to a specified endpoint, likely controlled by the SDK user, with no malicious intent. The uuid mock is typical for testing purposes. The console outputs and fetch calls are part of the SDK's normal operation, with no suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a safe, standard test suite for a performance monitoring SDK. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage. All actions are typical for testing SDK functionality, with no signals indicating malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}