{
  "purpose": "The code provides client-side table sorting and filtering functionalities for a coverage summary table, enhancing user interaction and data presentation.",
  "sources": "Input sources include the search input element with ID 'fileSearch' and the 'filterTemplate' element for search box cloning. Data is read from table headers ('th') and table cells ('td') within the specific table with class 'coverage-summary'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve DOM manipulation methods such as style.display, innerHTML, className modifications, and event handlers, which could be exploited if untrusted data affects the DOM or event handling.",
  "flows": "Input from the 'fileSearch' input flows into onFilterInput function, affecting DOM style to filter rows. Additionally, column headers are sorted based on data attributes, and event handlers modify DOM classes for visual sorting indicators. Data attributes from table cells are read to create data objects for sorting.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, network requests, or suspicious external calls. It uses standard DOM operations for sorting and filtering, with no obfuscated code or dynamic code execution. There are no backdoors or hidden behaviors. All operations are related to UI manipulation.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily adds sorting and filtering capabilities to an existing table element on page load. It clones a template for search input, binds input events, and sorts table rows based on data attributes. Sorting toggles between ascending and descending states, and UI indicators are updated accordingly. The code does not interact with external systems, perform network requests, or execute any dynamic code beyond DOM operations. No anomalies, malicious logic, or obfuscated code are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of client-side table sorting and filtering without malicious intent or security risks. It is safe based on the provided code snippet, with no evidence of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}