{
  "purpose": "The code implements client-side table sorting and filtering functionality for a webpage, enhancing user interaction with data in a table element with class 'coverage-summary'.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include DOM elements such as the search input ('fileSearch'), table headers, and table rows. Data attributes like 'data-value' are read from 'td' elements within each row.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulations such as setting innerHTML, style.display, className, and attaching event listeners. These are standard UI operations without evident malicious intent.",
  "flows": "Data flows from DOM input elements (search box) into filtering functions; table data attributes are read for sorting; sorting functions reorder DOM elements based on data values; event listeners enable UI interactions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns are observed. The code performs typical table sorting/filtering operations. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs are present. The code disables eslint but does not hide malicious code or obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes table sorting and filtering features by reading table headers and data attributes. It adds a search input for filtering rows and sorts table columns based on user clicks. All operations are standard UI interactions. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious network activity. No obfuscation, hidden code, or suspicious logic was detected. The code adheres to typical patterns for client-side table manipulation, with no external network calls or malicious behavior.\n\nOverall, the code is a benign implementation of table sorting and filtering, with no malicious intent or security risks detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, safe implementation of client-side table sorting/filtering functionality. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident. The code is clean and performs expected UI operations without suspicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}