{
  "purpose": "The code is a React-based documentation and UI component showcase for a custom UI library, demonstrating various components and interactions.",
  "sources": "Data inputs from user interactions such as button clicks, form submissions, checkbox/radio selections, and toggle switches; dynamic component selection via state; reading of imported assets and dependencies.",
  "sinks": "Potential DOM manipulation through React rendering; console logging of prop types; state updates based on user interactions; no explicit data leaks or unsafe code injections identified.",
  "flows": "User events (clicks, form inputs) trigger state changes which influence component rendering; data flows from inputs to React states; no evidence of data being sent over network or to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code contains standard React and UI component patterns. No obfuscated code or unusual code constructs detected. External assets are imported but not used in an unsafe manner. No suspicious network connections, code injections, or malicious payloads observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React application focused on UI component demos and documentation. It uses state hooks for managing UI states and interactions. The code includes event handlers for component selection, class toggling, and UI control toggles. No dynamic code evaluation, network requests, or sensitive data handling is present. The imported assets and components are used purely for UI display. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected. The code appears to be legitimate and safe, intended for UI showcase purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a non-malicious, standard React UI demo application. It does not contain any malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks. No suspicious anomalies or malicious intent are evident. It is safe for use and review.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}