{
  "purpose": "This code defines React components for rendering and managing rows and groups within a user interface, with functions for handling dragging, resizing, and interactions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from props such as groupHeights, groups, rowData, items, and keys. It also references external contexts for items and layers.",
  "sinks": "The code invokes functions passed via props for item resizing, dragging, dropping, and interaction events. It also renders components that may handle user interactions.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into component props, which influence rendering and interaction handlers. User actions trigger callback functions that may modify state or invoke external handlers.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard React component implementation with extensive use of props and contexts. No suspicious code, backdoors, or hidden behaviors are evident. No hardcoded secrets, system commands, or network connections are present. The code is largely boilerplate and UI logic.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of React component classes for rendering rows and groups, managing interaction states such as dragging and resizing, and passing context and props to child components. It uses standard React patterns, context providers, and event handlers. There are no signs of obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or malicious injections. The code does not access environment variables, perform network requests, or include any suspicious logic. The use of callbacks and contexts is typical for UI state management. Overall, it appears to be legitimate UI code with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a React UI component implementation for rendering and managing rows and groups with interaction support. It shows no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code is well-structured, standard, and does not contain obfuscation or hidden behaviors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}