{
  "purpose": "The code defines React components for rendering rows and groups in a UI, likely for a timeline or list view, with support for drag-and-drop, resizing, and contextual interactions.",
  "sources": "Imports React, utility functions, and context providers. Reads props for rendering groups and rows, including interaction handlers and configuration options.",
  "sinks": "Event handlers for drag, resize, click, double-click, and context menu actions. These could potentially be entry points for untrusted data if handlers process external input.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props into rendering components. Interaction handlers can process user input, but the code itself does not demonstrate data being sent externally or insecure data handling.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code. The code adheres to standard React component patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of React component classes for 'Rows' and 'Group'. It manages interaction states such as dragging and resizing via internal state. Event handler functions update the state or invoke props functions. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or data leakage mechanisms are present. The code appears to be standard React component code with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It uses context providers for managing state and passing functions, which is a common pattern. There are no hidden or suspicious data flows, and no signs of obfuscated or malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be legitimate React component implementation for a UI with interaction capabilities. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It relies on external handlers passed via props for any data processing, which is typical for React components. Overall, it shows no signs of supply chain security attacks or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}