{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component called Behavior that manages animation states and styles in a React Native application. It handles animated transitions, style presets, and component mounting/unmounting.",
  "sources": "Data is read from props (e.g., initialState, currentState, style, styleProps, config, disabled, etc.) and from imported modules (react, react-native).",
  "sinks": "Native driver values are set via Animated.Value, and animated styles are computed via interpolation. The component also manipulates pointerEvents for enabling/disabling interaction.",
  "flows": "Input props (e.g., currentState, style, config) influence the interpolation output for animated styles; nativeDriver values are animated via timing or spring curves; component mounts and updates trigger style/animation adjustments.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. No dynamic code execution or external network activity detected. The code's structure appears standard for React Native animation components.",
  "analysis": "The code imports React and React Native modules and defines utility functions for object manipulation. It creates a React PureComponent that manages animated styles based on props and internal state. The component interpolates animated values according to specified input ranges, manages mounting and unmounting, and provides methods to enable or disable pointer events. No external data is fetched, no sensitive information is hardcoded, and no malicious behaviors are evident. The code follows typical patterns for React Native animations, with no signs of obfuscated or malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate, intended for managing animated behaviors in a React Native app. No malware, malicious behavior, or security risks are detected. The implementation is standard and does not exhibit any suspicious activities.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}