{
  "purpose": "The code provides a template parsing utility that processes strings containing tokens or code blocks, replacing them with evaluated values based on given variables and filters.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from parameters 'template', 'vars', 'delim_lft_rt_callback', and 'var_path', and from the 'filter' and 'parseutil' modules.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include calls to 'filter' functions, 'parseutil.normalizeExpression', and the callback functions for code blocks, which could process untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into parsing functions, where string tokens are split and processed, then evaluated or replaced via 'filter' functions or expression normalization.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs. The code performs string parsing and token replacement, which is standard for template engines. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. No network or system modification activities are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script implements a string parsing mechanism for templates with configurable delimiters. It carefully searches for start and end delimiters, then evaluates the enclosed segments through 'evalCommandBlock'. The 'evalCommandBlock' handles different types of tokens, including primitive types and filters, utilizing functions from 'filter' and 'parseutil' modules. There are no signs of malicious code execution, external network calls, or data exfiltration. The code relies on external modules for expression normalization and filtering, but does not itself perform any dangerous actions. Overall, the code functions as a template parser without any embedded malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard template processing utility with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It does not contain backdoors, network activity, or suspicious behavior. The security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}