{
  "purpose": "The code implements a JavaScript client library for interacting with the SingleAPI service, providing methods for managing contexts, vectors, subscriptions, limits, and deployments.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variable 'SINGLEAPI_API_KEY', configuration options in constructor, data received from API responses, and input parameters to class methods.",
  "sinks": "Uses the axios library to send HTTP requests; potentially vulnerable points include headers (Authorization, X-Context-ID), request data payloads, and environment variables.",
  "flows": "Source (API key/env variable) -> Stored in class instance -> Used in request headers -> API server processes data and responses are handled by class methods.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns, such as hardcoded secrets beyond the API key retrieval, obfuscated code, or hidden network connections. Error classes and request retry logic are standard. No signs of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code reads an API key from environment variables or options, which is standard. It constructs HTTP requests with axios, including authorization headers. Error handling is based on HTTP status codes, with retries on rate limiting. No suspicious network activity or data leaks observed. The code does not contain any obfuscated or misleading code. All data flows are straightforward API interactions, with no indications of malicious behavior. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code functions as a client SDK for API interaction without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The source code appears to be a legitimate client SDK for API interactions. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or supply chain sabotage. It securely handles credentials via environment variables, uses standard request patterns, and includes typical error handling and retries. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}