{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement utilities for normalizing GraphQL responses, including pluralization, case conversions, and a GraphQL normalization process with caching and schema handling.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function arguments (e.g., normalize input data), environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), and object properties during processing.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include cache.get and cache.set (reading/writing serialized data), console.warn and console.error for warnings and errors, and JSON.stringify for data serialization.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arguments through normalization functions, with cache lookups and storage, and potentially modifies or reads environment variables. No evidence of untrusted data injection or external network connections is present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are found. The code uses standard practices for pluralization and string manipulation, with no obfuscation or unusual language features. No suspicious network activity, code injection, or data exfiltration mechanisms are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a utility library for GraphQL normalization, pluralization, and string case conversion. It includes functions for safe property access, case restoration, string interpolation, and array/object type checks. The GraphQLNormalizr class manages normalization of GraphQL data with caching, handling of __typename, and connection fields, along with schema customization. There are no signs of malicious code, external data leaks, or sabotage mechanisms. All data flows appear controlled and purpose-specific. The use of environment variables for environment detection is standard. Cache operations are limited to in-memory Map, with no network activity. Overall, the code aligns with legitimate data normalization and string manipulation tasks without any malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate utility for normalizing GraphQL responses with string and case utilities, and it does not exhibit any malicious behavior or sabotage. No malware or security risks are evident based on the analyzed source. It is a well-structured, standard implementation without obfuscation or harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}