{
  "purpose": "The code implements animated page transitions in a React application using framer-motion, managing transition types and background styles. It facilitates smooth visual effects when navigating between pages.",
  "sources": "The code reads the current pathname via 'usePathname' and receives children and props from parent components. It also accesses environment variables indirectly through imported modules, though none are explicitly shown here.",
  "sinks": "The code updates component states and manages DOM elements for animations; no direct untrusted data sinks such as network requests or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Pathname changes trigger state updates, which activate transition animations. The code flow is controlled via React hooks and rendering logic, with no external data flows involving untrusted sources beyond React's internal state and props.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of a large copyright notice and several utility functions (__assign, __rest) that are boilerplate generated code. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments are detected. No obfuscated or malicious patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of animated transitions in React, utilizing framer-motion. It tracks pathname changes to trigger animations, manages transition types via a switch statement, and uses React hooks appropriately. The code does not perform any network requests, access environment variables directly, or handle sensitive data. The large boilerplate and comments are typical for transpiled or bundled code. No malicious or suspicious behavior is identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign, well-structured React component designed for page transition animations. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is safe based on the provided code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}