{
  "purpose": "This source code appears to define a React-based SVG graph visualization component with various utility functions and helper components for rendering nodes and links, managing interactions, and enabling zoom and pan functionalities.",
  "sources": "Inputs include component properties (children, containerClassName, containerId, svgClassName) and DOM interactions such as getElementById, querySelector, and references to DOM nodes and attributes.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows occur via DOM attribute manipulation, event handlers (on, dispatch), and references that could process external input, especially if any input is derived from user-provided data or external sources.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props and DOM element attributes into rendering logic and event handling, with user interactions (like zoom or drag) potentially affecting DOM attributes or triggering event dispatches. There are no explicit network or data exfiltration sinks evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive, obfuscated-like code structures, such as complex regexes, nested function definitions, and minified/compiled style which could be a sign of obfuscation. However, the code is mostly readable with standard React patterns. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are evident. There is no indication of malicious network activity, system modifications, or hidden backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component implementation for SVG graph visualization with functions for node and link management, zoom, pan, and interactions. It heavily relies on DOM manipulation, event handling, and React hooks. There are complex, dense function definitions and regex patterns which seem consistent with standard library or framework code. No network activity, data exfiltration, or system sabotage actions are present. The structure and logic appear to be legitimate for a visualization library, with no suspicious code segments or backdoors detected. The obfuscation signals are consistent with compiled or minified code, not malicious obfuscation. Overall, the code looks like a typical, though complex, visualization component without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the analysis, the code appears to be a complex React SVG graph visualization module with no evident malicious behavior or sabotage. The dense structure and complex patterns are typical for compiled or minified libraries, not malicious obfuscation. There are no signs of malware, data leakage, or unauthorized system access. Overall, it is considered low risk.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}