{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for managing AWS API Gateway models, dependencies, and responses, primarily to facilitate API configuration and deployment.",
  "sources": "Inputs include 'restApiId', 'model', 'documentation', and 'resource' objects, which are parameters or properties passed into functions, with no direct external data sources or user input handling.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies objects in-place, primarily updating properties such as 'cfModel', 'resource.Properties.MethodResponses', and 'resource.Properties.RequestModels'. No external sinks or data leaks are present; no network or system calls are observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function parameters ('model', 'documentation', 'resource') into internal functions that modify these objects; there are no flows into or out of untrusted external sources or sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The only notable behavior is the dynamic replacement of '$ref' references with AWS-specific URLs, which appears to be standard template processing. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behavior is detected. No obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions to process API Gateway models, dependencies, and responses. The 'replaceModelRefs' function updates '$ref' references with URLs based on the provided 'restApiId'. Other functions add dependencies and response models to resources. All modifications are straightforward and serve configuration purposes. There are no external data leaks, network activity, or malicious payloads. The dynamic replacement of references is typical in template processing, and no suspicious or malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for managing AWS API Gateway configurations. It performs data manipulation without any suspicious or malicious intent. No malware or security risks are detected based on this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}