{
  "purpose": "This code dynamically inserts two script elements into the document's head to load a module and a nomodule script related to 'line-chart'. It also logs a warning message about deprecated scripts.",
  "sources": "The code reads the document object, specifically the document's scripts array to get the last script element, and extracts its src attribute to construct new script URLs.",
  "sinks": "The newly created script elements are appended to document.head, which could execute external scripts from constructed URLs.",
  "flows": "The code reads the last script element's src (source), manipulates it to form URLs, then creates and inserts new script tags that load external resources, potentially executing code from those URLs.",
  "anomalies": "The code constructs URLs based on the last script's src without validation, but does not contain any obfuscated or malicious logic. It only performs DOM manipulation and logging. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The script dynamically builds URLs to load external scripts ('line-chart.esm.js' and 'line-chart.js') based on the source URL of the last script on the page. It logs warnings about deprecated scripts and recommends performance improvements. The URL construction appears straightforward and based on existing script paths. No obfuscated code, malicious payloads, or suspicious network activity is evident. The code relies on external scripts, but their safety depends on the source URL, which is derived from existing script elements. No evidence of malicious behavior or backdoors is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard script loader with advisory logging, designed to dynamically include external JavaScript files. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks within this fragment. It appears to be intended for performance optimization and deprecated script warning. Confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}