{
  "purpose": "This code defines an image processing utility that copies images from a source directory to a destination, resizes them to multiple specified widths, and optionally compresses them into WebP format, using various image processing libraries.",
  "sources": "The code reads image files from the 'from' directory (default 'resources'), and their paths are derived during glob matching. It also reads image dimensions using 'image-size'.",
  "sinks": "The processed images are written to the 'to' directory (default 'public'). Image resizing and compression operations write files to disk. No network or sensitive data outputs are present.",
  "flows": "Images are copied from 'from' to 'to'. Each image is resized based on width, creating new files with '-resized-' suffix. These resized images are then compressed with imagemin plugins, overwriting or creating new files in the destination directory.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses image resizing and compression libraries securely; no hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The glob pattern and file handling appear standard. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is evident. No network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports multiple image processing modules, sets default options, and defines an ImageResizer class that copies images from a source to a destination directory. It sorts resize widths, processes images matching specific formats, resizes them to various widths, and applies compression plugins. The logic is straightforward, standard for image processing tasks, with no signs of malicious behavior or suspicious code patterns. It does not handle any user input beyond configuration options and does not perform any network or system modification operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate image processing utility for resizing and compressing images with no indication of malicious intent or security risks. It operates locally on files, with no network activity or security-sensitive operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}