{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom request function that performs HTTP POST or specified method requests to a URL constructed from a base URL and options provided, returning a promise with the response data.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'options' object (specifically 'url', 'data', 'method') and from the 'NEWKEEPER' configuration variable imported from './config'.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data from 'options.data' is serialized and sent via axios request. Response data is processed and potentially passed to resolve or reject functions. Errors are logged to console.",
  "flows": "User-provided data (options.data) is URL-encoded and sent via axios. The response is checked for object type and error codes; errors lead to rejection, successful results lead to resolution. Errors caught are logged.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs manual URL-encoding of 'data' instead of using existing utilities, which could lead to malformed requests if not careful. The catch block logs errors but does not rethrow or handle them further, potentially swallowing errors. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code is apparent.",
  "analysis": "The function constructs URL-encoded parameters from input data, then performs an HTTP request to a base URL concatenated with a user-provided endpoint. It processes the response by checking if data is an object and handles error codes accordingly. Error handling logs errors but does not propagate them, which might be a design choice but can obscure failures. The code does not contain obfuscated or malicious code, and no suspicious behaviors are evident. The use of 'axios' for requests is standard, and the logic appears straightforward.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs typical HTTP request operations with proper response handling, with no evident malicious intent or security vulnerabilities. The only minor concern is error handling that logs errors without rethrowing, but this does not constitute malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}