{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for managing Docker environments, including starting, stopping, cleaning up containers, and health checking services as part of automated testing workflows.",
  "sources": "Input sources include environment variables (envVars), function parameters (beforeFunction, afterFunction), and configuration files (docker-compose.yml).",
  "sinks": "Executes shell commands via 'exec' to control Docker containers, including 'docker-compose' commands with environment variables, and outputs logs to the console.",
  "flows": "Environment variables (envVars) are processed and passed to shell commands for container orchestration; environment names and options influence commands executed; health checks are invoked after environment setup.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'exec' with dynamic command construction could lead to command injection if inputs are untrusted, but in this context, parameters seem controlled; no hardcoded secrets or credentials observed; no obfuscated code; environment variable replacements are straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily orchestrates Docker environments for testing purposes. It uses parameterized commands to start and manage containers, with optional cleanup and health checks. The command execution is based on parameters like environment name and compose file paths, which are managed internally or passed explicitly. The code does not include any suspicious or malicious operations such as data exfiltration, network connections to unknown domains, or system modifications beyond Docker container management. No hardcoded credentials or secret values are present. The use of 'exec' with user-supplied parameters could pose a risk if those parameters are influenced by untrusted sources, but within a controlled testing environment, this is less likely. Overall, the code does not exhibit malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility for managing Docker-based test environments. No malicious intent or malware signs are detected. The main concern is the potential for command injection if external inputs are untrusted, but in typical use cases, this appears controlled. Security risks are minimal, primarily related to command execution with dynamic inputs. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}