{
  "purpose": "The code provides a utility for working with promises, converting callback-based functions into promise-based ones, and breaking promises into callback-style functions. It aims to facilitate asynchronous programming patterns in JavaScript.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function arguments, options objects, and global variables such as 'global' and 'window'. Uses 'Function' constructor to generate functions dynamically based on provided options and functions.",
  "sinks": "Places where untrusted data could be used include dynamic Function constructor calls, which incorporate input parameters directly into code strings, potentially allowing code injection if inputs are malicious. Also, the use of 'Promise' constructor from global or polyfilled context could be a sink if manipulated.",
  "flows": "Input data from user-provided functions and options flows into dynamic function creation via the Function constructor. These dynamically created functions then execute with user-controlled parameters, which could lead to code injection if inputs are malicious.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically constructs functions using 'new Function()', which can be risky if any of the input arguments or options are derived from untrusted sources, potentially allowing code injection. However, all inputs to these functions are internal or controlled by the user of this library; no direct user input is processed within these dynamic functions. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code appears structured and intended for utility, not malicious activities.",
  "analysis": "The script is a utility library to wrap and convert callback-based functions into Promise-based ones, with methods to add callbacks and break promise functions into callback style. It uses dynamic function creation via 'new Function()', which can be dangerous if any inputs are untrusted; however, in this context, the inputs are either internal strings or functions provided by the user, not derived from external sources. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or system tampering is evident. The code does not include malicious behaviors such as data theft, system manipulation, or hidden backdoors. The purpose aligns with facilitating asynchronous function handling and does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility module for managing promises and callbacks, with some dynamic function creation that could pose a risk if misused with untrusted inputs. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. Its design appears intended for legitimate asynchronous programming assistance.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}