{
  "purpose": "This code provides a utility for managing promises and asynchronous functions, allowing conversion between callback-style and promise-style functions, as well as promise wrapping and execution control.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input functions (asyncFn, promiseFn, done) and environment variables (globals.Promise). It also accesses function arguments and configuration options.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the creation of new functions via the Function constructor, promise resolution/rejection, and callback invocation within setTimeout. These are standard in promise libraries and do not perform malicious actions.",
  "flows": "Input functions (asyncFn, promiseFn, done) are wrapped into new functions, which are then called or returned for execution. The promise resolution/rejection flows are typical promise handling patterns.",
  "anomalies": "Use of the Function constructor to dynamically generate functions is unusual but common in promise libraries for flexible wrapping. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. No malicious code like data exfiltration, system modification, or covert backdoors is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a promise utility library that facilitates wrapping callback-based functions into promises and vice versa. It dynamically creates wrapper functions using the Function constructor, which is typical for such libraries. The functions handle multiple invocation styles, support custom promise implementations, and manage callback execution with setTimeout to avoid synchronous errors. There are no signs of data leakage, network activity, or malicious modifications. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious external calls, or sabotage code are present. The code appears well-structured and focused solely on promise management.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard promise utility library that provides promise and callback interoperability, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs no network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification, and follows typical patterns for promise handling libraries.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}