{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom web component 'EpigraphModal' with styling, rendering logic, and properties for displaying a modal with QR code and instructions, intended for UI interaction.",
  "sources": "Reads include environment variables, window properties, document elements, and user interaction events (clicks).",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation (adding/removing classes, setting attributes, inserting nodes), style application, and image rendering.",
  "flows": "User interaction triggers show/hide methods; internal functions update DOM and styles based on property changes; event handlers invoke hide methods; rendering functions generate HTML templates.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code structures. Usage of standard libraries and CSS-in-JS patterns. No suspicious network calls or system modifications detected. No obfuscated code present. The code is heavily UI-focused and uses standard web component practices.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of a custom HTML element with styles and logic for displaying a modal overlay. It includes style sheets, property management, event handlers for showing/hiding the modal, and rendering of modal content. It adheres to standard patterns for web components, with no signs of malicious behavior. There are no network calls, data leaks, or system alterations. The code is not obfuscated and contains clear licensing comments. The only potential concern could be if the QR code image source ('qrImageSrc') is set maliciously externally, but that is user-controlled data outside of this module. Overall, the code appears benign and designed solely for UI purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard, benign web component implementation for a modal dialog with QR code instructions. No malicious activity, backdoors, or security risks are identified within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}