{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom web component 'EpigraphModal' for displaying modal dialogs, including styles, rendering logic, and property management. It also includes utility functions for CSS handling and reactive element support.",
  "sources": "Reads input from 'this' properties such as style attributes and image source URL. It also reads DOM elements during shadow DOM creation and updates.",
  "sinks": "Sets style attributes on DOM elements, manipulates DOM structure during modal show/hide, and updates image source URL for QR code display.",
  "flows": "Input properties (styles, image src) are used to update DOM attributes and styles during rendering. Event handlers trigger show/hide functions, and property setters update DOM accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No evidence of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscated code. The code is predominantly a standard implementation of a LitElement-based custom element with modal functionalities. No network connections, data exfiltration, or suspicious behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of a LitElement custom component for rendering a modal dialog with configurable styles and content via slots and attributes. It includes CSS style definitions, property reflection, DOM manipulation, and event handling for showing/hiding the modal. The CSS and JavaScript code are standard for such components, with no indications of malicious logic or hidden behaviors. The code uses well-known license notices and standard web component patterns. There are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or malicious network activity. The only dynamic parts are style and content updates based on properties, which are typical for such UI components.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate implementation of a modal web component with configurable styles and content. It contains no malicious or sabotage behavior. The code is well-structured, license-compliant, and does not exhibit suspicious activity or hidden functionalities.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}