{
  "purpose": "This code manages application configuration by loading from a JSON file, environment variables, and command-line arguments, then consolidates these into a single config object.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data from a JSON file (config.json), environment variables (RUNBOOK_BASE_URL, RUNBOOK_API_TOKEN), and command-line arguments ('api-token', 'base-url').",
  "sinks": "The config object stores sensitive data like 'apiToken' and 'baseUrl', but the code does not directly write this data anywhere suspicious. No data is sent over the network or written to system files other than the configuration JSON file.",
  "flows": "Configuration data flows from sources (file, environment, CLI args) into the 'config' object, which is then exported as the module's default. No external or untrusted data flow beyond local file reads and environment/CLI inputs.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets (other than an empty 'apiToken'), malicious code, or unusual behavior. Functions for transforming string formats are benign. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hidden backdoors identified.",
  "analysis": "The code securely loads configuration settings, prioritizing environment variables and CLI args over file-based config. It ensures directory existence before writing config. No suspicious network activity, system modifications, or malicious logic is present. Use of standard libraries (fs, path, util) and straightforward string manipulation further reduces suspicion. The only sensitive data is the 'apiToken', which is handled appropriately within the context of configuration management.",
  "conclusion": "This module is a typical configuration loader with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It handles data securely, with no signs of malware or security risks beyond standard configuration management. The code is well-structured, with no obfuscated or malicious logic detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}