{
  "purpose": "The script processes lyric and subtitle files, allowing timestamp adjustments, format conversions, and embedding/extraction of lyrics using external tools ('ffprobe', 'ffmpeg'). It provides a command-line interface for these operations.",
  "sources": "Reads input filenames, configuration files, and user input; executes external commands ('ffprobe', 'ffmpeg') with filenames as arguments.",
  "sinks": "External commands ('ffprobe', 'ffmpeg') executed with input filenames; file read/write operations; user prompts via readline-sync.",
  "flows": "Input filenames are checked and resolved; filenames are interpolated into command strings; external commands are run; file data is read/written based on command outcomes.",
  "anomalies": "Uses 'execSync' with filenames directly interpolated into shell commands without explicit sanitization, which could lead to command injection if filenames are maliciously crafted. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a legitimate utility for media and lyric processing, with clear structure and proper error handling. It performs path resolution and existence checks on filenames, reducing injection risks. External command execution is necessary for functionality but introduces potential security concerns if filenames are untrusted. No malicious code, backdoors, or sabotage are evident. The code is not obfuscated and is straightforward.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a legitimate, well-structured utility with minimal security risks. The primary concern is the potential for command injection via unsanitized filenames passed to external tools. No signs of malware, sabotage, or obfuscation are present. The existing malware score of 0 and low obfuscation are appropriate. The security risk score could be slightly increased to around 0.3 to reflect the command injection vector, but overall, the risk remains low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}