{
  "purpose": "This script processes subtitle and lyric files, allowing timestamp adjustments, format conversions, and embedding or extracting lyrics from media files. It provides command-line utilities for manipulating lyric data within media files.",
  "sources": "Input files specified via command-line arguments, environment variables, and configuration files; external commands like 'ffprobe', 'ffmpeg', 'which', and 'child_process.execSync' for media and filesystem operations; user inputs via 'readline-sync'; data read from JSON configuration files.",
  "sinks": "Reading and writing lyric data to files; executing external commands with 'execSync' that interact with media files; renaming and deleting files; reading environment variables and configuration data; outputting logs and prompts to the console.",
  "flows": "Input source files are verified and processed with 'getInputData'; data read and potentially modified by timestamp offset functions; data written back via 'saveChange' or 'lrcOutput'; external commands invoked to extract or embed lyric data; user prompts and console logs for interaction.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'execSync' to run media processing commands could be exploited if input filenames are manipulated, but the code sanitizes filenames by resolving paths; no hardcoded credentials or secrets; no obfuscated code; reliance on external commands introduces potential injection points if filenames are malicious, but filenames are validated with 'resolve' and existence checks. The code handles errors gracefully and does not perform any suspicious network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles lyric extraction, timestamp adjustments, format conversions, and media file modifications using standard libraries and external tools. It checks for the presence of 'ffmpeg' and 'ffprobe' before proceeding. File operations are performed with checks to prevent overwriting or mismanipulation. The use of 'execSync' for running media tools is necessary for functionality, and filenames are resolved to prevent directory traversal or injection. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious network activity are present. The logic is focused on file processing and user interaction with no suspicious behaviors observed.",
  "conclusion": "This script appears to be a legitimate utility for lyric and subtitle file manipulation with appropriate safeguards. There are no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. External command usage is controlled and filenames are sanitized. Overall, the code is safe and functional for its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}