{
  "purpose": "This script manages subtitle files (lyrics), converting timestamps, extracting embedded or attached lyrics, and saving modified versions, primarily for media files.",
  "sources": "Input file paths via command-line arguments, environment variables, and JSON configuration files; data is read from media files using ffprobe and ffmpeg, and from user input via readline-sync.",
  "sinks": "Writing output subtitle files, temporary files, ffmetadata, and backup files; executing ffmpeg and ffprobe commands, reading/writing JSON and text files, and renaming/deleting files.",
  "flows": "Input file paths are read from command-line arguments, used in ffprobe/ffmpeg commands to extract or embed lyrics, and modified timestamp data flow from reading to timestamp conversion and writing to output files. Potentially untrusted data (e.g., file paths, command-line options) flows into command execution and file operations.",
  "anomalies": "Usage of execSync with direct interpolation of file paths without sanitization could lead to command injection if input is maliciously crafted. The code reads environment variables and external config files, but does not sanitize or validate file paths or command inputs beyond existence checks. The restore operation involves renaming files based on user confirmation, which could be exploited if manipulated maliciously, though it appears controlled. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. No obfuscated code is present. External dependencies are standard media processing tools.",
  "analysis": "The code performs media file analysis and manipulation via ffprobe and ffmpeg, executing commands with input parameters directly interpolated into shell commands, which presents a potential injection vector if inputs are not validated. The code reads configuration files and command-line arguments, but does not sanitize paths or command parameters beyond checking existence or basic parsing. File operations such as renaming, copying, and deleting are handled with standard Node.js fs methods, with some reliance on user input for confirmation, which is mitigated by explicit prompts. There are no signs of malicious code like data exfiltration, network connections to suspicious domains, or backdoors. The code appears designed for subtitle and lyric processing with legitimate functionality. The code does not contain obfuscation, malicious payloads, or suspicious hidden behavior. Overall, the only notable risk is the potential for command injection through unsanitized inputs used in execSync calls.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a utility for managing media subtitles and embedded lyrics, with some potential risk arising from direct interpolation of user-provided data into shell commands without sanitization. There is no evidence of malicious intent or malware. The risk level is moderate, mainly due to command execution patterns. No signs of malicious behavior or sabotage are observed beyond typical security considerations for execSync usage.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 4
}