{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate audio signals by creating sine wave oscillators at specified frequencies and summing them, likely for audio processing or testing purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads external scripts 'audio-harness.js' and 'dsp.js' via load(), which likely provide dependencies or utilities. It also reads input data in the form of oscillator parameters and generates audio signals.",
  "sinks": "The generated oscillator signals are processed in memory; no data is sent over network or stored externally. No untrusted input directly influences the core processing besides the loaded scripts.",
  "flows": "The code loads external scripts -> Initializes oscillator parameters -> Creates and generates sine wave signals -> Adds harmonics -> Runs test function with calculated oscillator outputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses load() calls to include external scripts, but this alone isn't suspicious without knowing their content. No hardcoded secrets or unusual constructs are evident. No obfuscated or malicious code is apparent. No network activity, file modifications, or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code loads external scripts likely related to audio processing. It defines parameters for audio synthesis and uses oscillator objects to generate sine waves at specified frequencies and harmonics. The calcOsc function creates and sums oscillators, then it is executed repeatedly via runTest. No user input, network, or file system modifications are involved. The code performs standard audio signal generation without any suspicious or malicious behavior. The presence of load() could be scrutinized, but it seems to be for dependency inclusion rather than malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script performs standard audio oscillator generation and testing with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It appears to be intended for audio processing or testing purposes, with no security concerns identified based on this fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}