{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define custom shader materials and proxies for shader component composition within a React and three.js context, enabling dynamic shader modification and extension.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from React component props, shader strings, and configuration objects such as uniforms and varyings. It also reads shader code snippets embedded within child components and string replacements in shaders.",
  "sinks": "Shader code modifications and injections into shader strings, setting shader uniforms, and constructing material classes. No direct data leakage or external network calls are observed.",
  "flows": "Inputs from React component props and children are processed into shader strings; these are then injected into shader programs. Shader code strings flow through functions like editShader and addUniforms. Uniform values are set from React props and stored internally in the material class.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically creates proxies for shader components (vert, frag, common) to facilitate modular shader code assembly, which is sophisticated but not inherently malicious. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. No external network activity or system access is detected. Commented-out noise and easing proxy code suggest planned extensibility but no active malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles shader assembly and React component composition for three.js materials. It employs proxies to generate shader parts dynamically, manages shader code injection, and sets shader uniforms and varyings. It does not perform external network requests, file system access, or system modifications. No suspicious behavior, hardcoded credentials, or malicious logic is evident. The complexity of dynamic shader composition could be used maliciously if misused, but in this context, it functions as a modular shader system without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a shader component system designed for modular shader code assembly within a React and three.js environment. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. Its complexity is consistent with advanced shader management rather than sabotage or malicious intent. No security risks are evident from the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}