{
  "purpose": "This code provides a React component for creating and manipulating custom shader materials in a WebGL/Three.js environment, including shader code editing and proxy-based shader chunk management.",
  "sources": "Reads input from React component props, child components (shader chunks), and shader source strings.",
  "sinks": "Modifies shader source strings; assigns shader uniforms; defines proxy components for shader chunk injection.",
  "flows": "Shader source strings are received from child components; shader chunks are injected and modified; shader uniforms are set; shader code is constructed and passed to WebGL for rendering.",
  "anomalies": "Use of proxies to dynamically generate shader chunk components; code editing functions that insert strings into shader code; no obvious hardcoded secrets or credentials. No obfuscated code or suspicious network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React-based system for constructing custom shader materials with support for modular shader chunks. It uses proxies to create shader chunk components dynamically, allowing flexible injection of shader code snippets. Functions like 'editShader', 'addUniforms', and 'addVarying' modify shader source code strings. The code maintains no hardcoded secrets, network calls, or system modifications. Proxy handlers create shader chunk components with designated 'chunkName' and 'shaderType'. The overall structure supports flexible shader composition without suspicious or malicious logic. There are no signs of malware such as data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or unauthorized system access. All functions serve shader processing purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React shader material utility for shader chunk management, shader code editing, and component composition. It contains no malicious behavior or suspicious anomalies. Its use of proxies and string manipulation functions is consistent with modular shader system design. No malware or security risks are present based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}