{
  "purpose": "This code provides a React-based framework for creating and customizing shader materials with support for shader extensions, uniforms, varyings, and proxies for shader components in three.js.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from component props, shader strings, and uniforms; creates proxies for shader chunks; and accesses React children.",
  "sinks": "Shader code modifications and proxy handlers could potentially manipulate shader source code; uniforms are injected into shaders.",
  "flows": "Input data (props, children, uniforms) -> shader source modification functions -> create shader material -> proxy shader components -> apply extensions and uniforms -> output shader code and material",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials; no suspicious network operations; no unusual file operations. The code uses dynamic proxy creation for shader component injection, which is standard for shader modularity but can be misused if malicious extensions are injected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions to create customized shader materials with support for shader extensions, head content, uniforms, and varyings. It uses React components and proxies to modularize shader chunks, which is typical for shader management in WebGL. No evidence of network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The proxies merely generate components for shader chunks with configurable names and types. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns such as code injection, data theft, or system compromise appear. All functions operate within the context of shader source code manipulation and React component rendering. The code does not include any external network operations or access to sensitive environment variables.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex React shader material utility for modular shader composition. It contains no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage, focusing solely on shader creation, extension, and component management. The use of proxies is for modular shader chunk handling, not for malicious purposes. Overall, it appears safe with no malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}