{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to generate confetti particles on a webpage with customizable options for appearance and animation effects.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from configuration options (colors, emojis, images, SVGs), random number generation, DOM element creation, and window dimensions.",
  "sinks": "Creates DOM elements, appends them to document.body, and updates their styles for animation. Uses requestAnimationFrame for rendering.",
  "flows": "Input options are used to generate particles with randomized velocities and properties; particles are animated via updateParticle which modifies DOM element styles; particles are removed upon completing their animation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no suspicious network activity; no code that attempts to read sensitive data; no dynamic code execution or obfuscated logic; no apparent backdoors or hidden behaviors; options for images, emojis, SVGs are empty arrays by default but are safe placeholders.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a confetti particle system with configurable options. It creates DOM elements representing particles, assigning visual styles based on options such as colors, emojis, images, or SVGs. Particles are animated via physics calculations, updating position, rotation, and opacity on each frame. The animation loop removes particles after their lifespan ends. No external network requests, no data exfiltration, no code injection, or suspicious behaviors are present. Usage of Math.random for velocities and angles is standard for visual randomness. All DOM manipulations appear to be for visual effects only. There are no indications of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign confetti animation module with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It utilizes standard JavaScript DOM and animation techniques, with configurable options. No malicious signals or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}