{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React component named 'Zoom' that manages zoom and drag interactions on a DOM element, primarily for user interface manipulation such as panning and zooming in an application.",
  "sources": "Reads from React library ('react') and React JSX runtime ('react/jsx-runtime') to render UI components; accesses DOM properties like clientHeight, clientWidth, getBoundingClientRect; uses event properties such as event.pageX, event.pageY, event.deltaY, event.touches.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM styles directly (e.g., style.transform, style.cursor, style.transition); adds and removes event listeners on window and DOM elements; updates transform styles for zooming and panning actions.",
  "flows": "Input events (wheel, touch, mouse, keyboard) are captured as sources; event handlers calculate new transform or state variables; style.transform is updated based on these calculations, affecting UI display.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors; the code performs standard UI interaction handling for zoom and drag features. There is a lengthy license comment but no obfuscated code, malware, or unusual language features. The code is well-structured and typical for UI interaction components.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a React component that manages user interactions such as wheel zoom, touch gestures, and drag panning. It includes functions to handle various events, prevent default behaviors, and update DOM styles accordingly. No code indicates malicious intent or data exfiltration. The license comment is standard and unrelated to security issues. The code does not connect to external suspicious domains or perform unauthorized system operations. It solely manipulates DOM styles based on user input, which is normal for interactive UI components.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate React component for zooming and panning interactions. It contains no malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code is well-structured, with no suspicious external calls, backdoors, or data leaks. It is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}