{
  "purpose": "This code provides a factory for creating interfaces and connecting to an ERC20 token contract using ethers.js. It facilitates interaction with ERC20 tokens by exposing standard functions such as transfer, approve, allowance, etc.",
  "sources": "The code reads static ABI data (_abi) which defines the contract's interface; it does not take external input or data at runtime. No external data sources or user inputs are used.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with blockchain contracts via ethers.js, which sends transactions and calls to specified contract addresses. No external network calls, data leaks, or sensitive data exposures are observed within this code.",
  "flows": "Since the code only creates contract interfaces and connects to provided addresses, the flow involves invoking contract methods (like transfer, approve) on the connected contract. No internal or external data flows are evident beyond standard blockchain interactions.",
  "anomalies": "The code is autogenerated with comments indicating it should not be edited manually. It uses standard ethers.js patterns, with no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code structures. No obfuscation, malicious code, or anomalies are present.",
  "analysis": "The code consists solely of ABI definition and a factory class for creating interfaces and contract connections. It employs standard patterns for interacting with ERC20 tokens via ethers.js. There are no signs of malware, obfuscation, or malicious behavior. It functions as a helper for blockchain interaction, with no external data input or sensitive operations. The code is straightforward and typical for contract interaction libraries.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard autogenerated ERC20 interface factory for ethers.js, with no malicious intent or security risks. It only defines how to connect and interact with an ERC20 token contract. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security issues are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}