{
  "purpose": "The code provides client-side sorting functionality for a table with class 'coverage-summary'. It dynamically loads column info, enables sorting on sortable columns, and updates UI indicators accordingly.",
  "sources": "Reads from DOM elements: document.querySelector('.coverage-summary table'), 'thead', 'tbody', 'th', 'td' elements, and their attributes such as 'data-col', 'data-nosort', 'data-type', 'data-value'. It also reads click events attached to '.sorter' elements.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM elements to reorder table rows and update class names for sort indicators. No data output, network, or file system interaction present.",
  "flows": "User clicks on sorter elements -> triggers event handlers -> calls sortByIndex -> reorders DOM rows based on data stored in 'rows' array -> updates sort indicator classes.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code. The code is straightforward, dynamically loads data, and manages sorting UI. No suspicious network activity, data leaks, or backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes by selecting table and column headers, marks sortable columns, and attaches event listeners to sorter elements. When a sorter is clicked, it sorts table rows based on stored 'data-value' attributes, which are parsed as strings or numbers. It updates visual indicators for sorting order. No external network connections, system modifications, or hidden behaviors are present. The code appears to be a typical client-side table sorter implementation with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for client-side table sorting, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It reads and manipulates DOM elements in a controlled manner without external communications or sensitive data handling. The likelihood of malware or malicious behavior is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}