{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of UI component implementations, including dialog, drawer, polymorphic components, and utility functions for a JavaScript UI library, focusing on accessibility, event handling, and state management.",
  "sources": "Code reads input from component props, signals, signals derived from props (e.g., defaultedProps, context values), DOM elements (via createRef, signals), and external events (pointer, keyboard, resize).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation (style, attributes), event dispatching, adding event listeners, and network communications. No explicit network code is present. DOM style and attribute modifications are observed but are standard for UI components.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and context into signals, which then influence DOM attributes, styles, and event handling. Signals such as 'open', 'transitionState', 'drawerSize', and others control component rendering and styling. Event handlers handle user interactions but do not perform data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code uses standard UI management patterns. No obfuscated code, malicious network calls, or privacy-invasive operations are evident. Some functions like 'createComponent' and signals are used normally for component logic. No unusual code like eval, dynamic script execution, or data leaks observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily implements UI components with standard accessibility features, event handling, and style manipulations. It employs controlled signals, context, and effects for dynamic behavior. No suspicious API calls, network activity, or secret data handling detected. The code adheres to typical patterns for component libraries. The initial and middle sections define utility functions and context creation, while the latter parts implement specific components like dialogs and drawers, all following safe patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a legitimate UI component library with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It uses standard patterns for accessibility, event handling, and styling without any indicators of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}