{
  "purpose": "This code functions as a Lambda authorizer for API Gateway, verifying reCAPTCHA tokens to authorize requests based on reCAPTCHA validation results and scores.",
  "sources": "Reads data from HTTP headers ('x-recaptcha-token'), environment variables (SECRET_KEY_TYPE, SECRET_KEY, SECRET_KEY_PARAMETER, SECRET_KEY_SECRET_ARN, SECRET_KEY_FIELD, SCORE_THRESHOLD, ALLOWED_ACTIONS), and API responses from Google reCAPTCHA API.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data handling occurs with fetching secrets from SSM Parameter Store and Secrets Manager; logs contain request and validation info; axios POST request to Google reCAPTCHA API sends secret and token; no direct data leaks observed, but environment variable usage could be risky if misconfigured.",
  "flows": "Input token from headers -> API call to Google reCAPTCHA -> response success/score/action -> logging and decision making -> generate allow/deny policy.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors; environment variables used for secrets and configuration; logs reveal IP addresses, request info, and validation results, which could be sensitive. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code securely retrieves secrets based on type (plain, SSM, Secrets Manager) with caching; it verifies reCAPTCHA token with Google's API using axios POST request, passing the secret and token. The response is checked for success, score, and action. If validation fails or score is below threshold or action not allowed, access is denied. Logs contain request details, including IP, hostname, score, and action. No malicious or sabotage code, such as data exfiltration, system modification, or hidden backdoors, is present. The code's logic appears standard for an API Gateway authorizer implementing reCAPTCHA verification. Environment variables and secret management are used appropriately; however, logging request details with IP addresses could be sensitive in some contexts.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical reCAPTCHA validation Lambda authorizer with secure secret retrieval and validation logic. It does not contain malware, obfuscation, or malicious behavior. Risks mainly involve proper secret management and avoiding sensitive data leaks through logs. Overall, it appears safe and purpose-driven.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}