{
  "purpose": "This code implements a serverless Lambda authorizer that verifies Google reCAPTCHA tokens for API access control, fetching secrets from various secure sources, and generating allow/deny policies based on verification results.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from environment variables, incoming request headers (specifically 'x-recaptcha-token'), and secrets retrieved from AWS SSM Parameter Store or Secrets Manager. It also fetches verification data from Google's reCAPTCHA API.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the external HTTP POST request to Google's reCAPTCHA verification endpoint. It also involves reading secrets from secure storage and potentially logging information.",
  "flows": "Input token from request header -> getSecret() retrieves reCAPTCHA secret -> POST request to Google API with token and secret -> response analysis -> generate allow/deny policy based on success, score, and allowed actions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The secret retrieval process is standard, using environment variables to determine source. No unusual code patterns or dynamic code execution detected. The external reCAPTCHA verification is expected for such an authorizer. No signs of data leakage or malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The code securely retrieves secrets from environment-based sources, minimizing hardcoded secrets. It verifies reCAPTCHA tokens via Google's API, logs relevant information, and enforces policies based on token validity, score threshold, and allowed actions. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are detected. The use of external API calls is appropriate for verification. The code structure and logic appear standard and benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical reCAPTCHA-based API authorization handler with secure secret management. No malicious intent or malicious behavior is evident. It properly verifies tokens and enforces policies accordingly. No security risks or malicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}