{
  "purpose": "The provided code appears to be a part of a larger JavaScript/TypeScript project involving 3D rendering, React components, state management, and scene editing features. It includes modules for scene snapshots, camera controls, editable objects, and dependency utilities.",
  "sources": "Data is read from React props (e.g., theatreKey, sheet), context providers, and internal state management (editorStore). External inputs include props passed to React components and context values from higher in the component tree.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting or updating scene objects, camera parameters, and scene snapshot states. These influence rendering and scene configuration but do not involve direct system or environment interaction.",
  "flows": "Data flows from React props and context to scene objects and camera configurations. State updates in editorStore and sheet objects propagate to scene helpers, cameras, and scene snapshots. No indication of untrusted external data being sent over the network or system modifications.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily obfuscated at the start with minified helper functions and object spread utility functions, but these are standard boilerplate. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. There are no functions or code segments performing network requests, file access, or executing dynamic code. The code is structured and consistent with scene/scene graph management, with no suspicious or malicious logic observed.",
  "analysis": "The initial block consists of utility functions for object property handling, module management, and re-exporting, which are typical in bundled/minified libraries. The core logic focuses on scene management, React component rendering, and scene object manipulation. Scene objects and camera components are created with standard controls, referencing scene and rendering contexts. No obfuscated code, external data leaks, or malicious network activities are detectable. The code simply manages scene state, scene snapshots, and editable scene objects, all within expected parameters. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote code execution, or system sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a typical scene management and React component setup for a 3D editor or viewer application. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious network activity, and no security vulnerabilities beyond standard scene and state management. The heavy minification is common for library code and not indicative of obfuscation for malicious purposes. Overall, the code appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}