{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a React-based 3D scene editor with hooks, context providers, and custom components for cameras and scene management, integrating with three.js and zustand for state management.",
  "sources": "Sources include utility functions, store initialization, React component definitions, and camera helper configurations. Data inputs come from React props, context, and external libraries like three.js.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve object property applications, scene modifications, and state updates. These are used in conjunction with React effects and user interactions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from React props and context into scene objects and state management, with property parsing and application. Changes trigger effects that update scene state and object properties.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The code contains extensive setup and configuration for scene objects, with standard React hooks and context usage. No obfuscated or suspicious dynamic code execution identified. No network activity or data exfiltration routines are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical React + three.js integration setup for a scene editor, with hooks for managing state, context providers for scene and sheet management, and components for cameras. The functions parse props into scene object properties, and effects synchronize React state with three.js objects. No signs of malicious code such as data leakage, system commands, network activity, or backdoors are present. The code relies on standard libraries and patterns, with no unusual or suspicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a secure, legitimate implementation of a scene editor interface with React, three.js, and zustand. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It primarily manages scene objects and camera components for 3D rendering within a React application.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}