{
  "purpose": "This code provides various utility functions, React components, and state management logic for a 3D scene editor, including editable 3D objects and camera controls. It integrates with react-three-fiber and manages scene snapshots, store, and component extensions.",
  "sources": "Code reads environment, scene objects, props, and references; creates and manages scene objects, cameras, and state snapshots; reads from context, React hooks, and passed props.",
  "sinks": "Modifies scene object properties, updates scene and camera states, attaches helpers and controls, and manages object references and snapshots.",
  "flows": "Scene and camera objects are created or updated based on React props and context; scene snapshots are taken; objects are registered, updated, and cleaned up on component lifecycle; store and context data flow into scene management functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No suspicious network activity or system calls detected. No use of dynamic code evaluation, eval, or Function constructor. Code is highly structured, uses React hooks, and manages scene objects safely. No obfuscation or minification anomalies present. All modifications appear related to scene object management and camera controls.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of React components for scene cameras, scene object management, and state snapshotting. It uses React context and hooks to manage scene scene snapshots, object creation, and scene updates. The scene objects and cameras are configured via prop parsing and apply functions, which set object properties. The code does not perform network communication, file access, or system modifications. It manages scene scene state and object properties in a predictable manner, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a React-based 3D scene editor with snapshotting and object management. No malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks are evident. It functions as part of a scene editing tool, and its operations are limited to scene and camera control without any suspicious or harmful behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}