{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be part of a React-based 3D scene editor or viewer, integrating with three.js and Zustand for state management, providing editable components, camera controls, and context providers for a 3D editing environment.",
  "sources": "Data is read from React component props, React context, Zustand store, and Three.js objects such as scene, camera, and helpers.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows include updating object properties (position, rotation, scale), camera parameters, and scene snapshot data, which could be manipulated via props or external state.",
  "flows": "Props and context data (e.g., sheet object data, editable properties, camera configurations) flow into scene objects and camera components. Changes in props or state can modify object properties, which are applied to three.js objects via their 'apply' methods, and scene snapshots are created and stored.",
  "anomalies": "The code primarily contains utility functions, React components, and state management logic. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The code uses standard libraries and patterns for 3D scene editing. No obfuscation or suspicious dynamic code execution is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical implementation of a React-based 3D scene editor, with context providers, custom editable components, and scene snapshot management. It relies on well-known libraries (react, three, zustand) and patterns. No signs of malicious behavior such as network communication to unknown domains, data exfiltration, or reverse shells are evident. All functions are focused on scene object manipulation, state management, and React component rendering. No use of environment variables or system-level calls that could be malicious is observed. The code structure is clear, with no obfuscated or malicious-looking code segments.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard React/three.js scene editing utility with state management and custom components. It shows no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. The code handles scene snapshots, editable 3D objects, and camera components without performing any suspicious operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}