{
  "purpose": "The code initializes a process to handle HML (presumably some form of media or data processing) using a configuration and a set of keys, and then executes the dofile() method of the HML class.",
  "sources": "The only input-related data sources are the static keys array and the args parameter passed to the default exported function. No external input is directly read in this snippet.",
  "sinks": "The code invokes the dofile() method of the HML class instance, which may involve file operations or other side effects, but specifics are not shown here.",
  "flows": "The args parameter flows into the function but is not utilized within the snippet. The static keys are passed into the HML constructor. The dofile() method is called on the instance, potentially executing further logic.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of hard-coded API or encryption keys in the array. Usage of a class method dofile() without context suggests possible file or data operations. The code uses a Promise wrapper for asynchronous handling but no suspicious dynamic code execution is evident. No obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily sets up parameters, including hardcoded keys, and initiates a process via HML.dofile(). The hardcoded keys are sensitive data stored directly in the source, which could be a security concern if these are secret or sensitive credentials. The process appears to be straightforward, with no signs of malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors within this snippet. The usage of the Promise wrapper is standard for asynchronous code. There is no evidence of code injection, malware, or suspicious behavior beyond the static key storage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a setup for an HML processing task with hardcoded keys. While the presence of hardcoded secrets is a security concern, there is no explicit malicious activity, malicious code, or supply chain attack evident within this snippet. The overall security risk appears low, assuming keys are not sensitive secrets.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 1
}