{
  "purpose": "The code implements a GLTF (Graphics Language Transmission Format) loader for three.js, handling loading and parsing of 3D models, textures, animations, and related assets.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from URLs, bufferViews, images, textures, and extensions within the glTF JSON structure; also reads configuration from options and resource paths.",
  "sinks": "Creates and configures three.js objects (e.g., Mesh, Material, Texture, Light, Camera), loads external buffers and textures, and processes extensions that may involve additional data or code execution.",
  "flows": "Sources such as URLs, bufferViews, images, and extensions feed data into loaders and parsers; the parsed data then flow into object creation and configuration, with potential extension-based modifications or extensions; textures and buffers flow into object materials and geometries.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. No unusual code patterns such as dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or hidden backdoors. Uses extension mechanisms appropriately without suspicious overrides. The code includes standard error handling and resource management.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of a glTF loader with modular extension support. It performs network requests for buffers and textures, decodes binary data, and constructs 3D objects accordingly. No signs of malicious payloads, such as data exfiltration, command execution, or network traffic to suspicious domains. It manages resources safely and does not contain any obfuscated or dynamically generated code. The extension system is used for standard extensions like Draco compression and texture transforms, with no signs of malicious extensions or hidden behaviors. All data flows are intended for legitimate 3D asset loading and rendering. The code properly handles errors and resource cleanup. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malicious code was detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured 3D model loader for three.js, supporting multiple extensions and features. There are no signs of malware, sabotage, or malicious activity. It follows typical patterns for resource loading, parsing, and object creation with appropriate error handling. Security risks are minimal, confined to typical resource loading operations, with no indication of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}