{
  "purpose": "The code processes HTML files to extract build blocks, replace them with optimized references, and update asset URLs with revved filenames, supporting build and deployment workflows.",
  "sources": "Reads HTML content, lines, and build block markers; accesses file paths via 'path' module; reads 'content' parameter for processing.",
  "sinks": "Generates HTML output with replaced asset references; logs messages via callback.",
  "flows": "Parses content to identify build blocks -> constructs replacement strings -> replaces blocks in content -> updates asset URLs with revved versions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. The code uses regular expressions and string manipulation in a standard manner. No suspicious network activity or system commands. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present. Logging is limited to internal messages, not data exfiltration. Use of path.join and path.relative is standard and safe.",
  "analysis": "The code employs standard methods to parse HTML and process build blocks, utilizing regex patterns for matching build tags, asset links, and data attributes. It constructs replacement references for CSS, JS, images, and data attributes, with no evidence of malicious behavior. The logging callback is innocuous, used for internal debugging or info. No external network calls, data leaks, or credential handling are present. The code appears solely focused on static HTML content manipulation. The structure and functions are consistent with typical build tools and do not exhibit obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate HTML processing utility designed for build and deployment workflows. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious patterns are observed. It performs standard operations related to build block parsing and asset reference updating, with no indications of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}