{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for subtracting or removing elements from various data structures such as strings, arrays, and objects. It appears to be a general-purpose data manipulation library.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters: param1 and param2, which can be strings, arrays, or objects passed by the user during function invocation.",
  "sinks": "No external data sinks or network transmissions are present. Data is only manipulated within the functions, and no data is sent to external systems or network endpoints.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the function inputs (param1, param2) through type checks and conditional branches, resulting in data being transformed or filtered locally. No external or dangerous sink interactions are detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses deep cloning (lodash.cloneDeep) but does not perform any dynamic code execution, eval, or string-based code generation. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code patterns are present. The code is straightforward utility functions with no apparent obfuscation or malicious patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple functions for subtracting or removing elements from various data types, with type checks to handle strings, arrays, and objects. The main function, subtractly, dynamically delegates to the appropriate helper based on input types. No network operations, file access, or eval statements are present. The code seems well-structured, and dependencies are standard libraries (lodash, ramda). There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious code injection. The only concern could be the misuse of these utility functions in a malicious context, but as-is, the code appears benign.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript module is a set of safe, standard data manipulation utilities with no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It solely operates on input data in-memory without external communication. Overall, it appears to be a benign, well-structured utility library.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}