{
  "purpose": "This module provides functionality to locate revved (cache-busted) versions of static files based on filename patterns, directory structure, and a provided expansion function.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from method parameters such as 'ofile' and 'basedir'. It also reads configuration data such as 'dirs' during object instantiation and uses the 'expandfn' function provided during construction.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the return of the final filename or path which could be used in HTML or other contexts, and the 'expandfn' function which performs filesystem expansion and could process untrusted patterns.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('ofile', 'basedir') flow into filename processing and pattern matching. The expansion function ('expandfn') outputs file paths, which are filtered using regex and path normalization. The resulting path is constructed and returned, potentially as an attacker-controlled or manipulated filename.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard file revving utility with no signs of obfuscation or malicious code. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious dynamic code execution, or backdoors are present. The use of regex and path normalization are typical. No external network connections or data leaks are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code aims to find revved versions of files by matching filename patterns with hash-like suffixes. It uses 'expandfn' to list files, filters with regex, and normalizes paths to prevent directory traversal. The function correctly handles root-relative paths and avoids external or invalid files. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or malware. It performs straightforward filesystem pattern matching and path construction. The overall design and implementation are consistent with a safe static asset management utility.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, safe utility for locating revved static files based on filename patterns. It contains no malicious or suspicious behaviors. The only potential concern is its reliance on an external 'expandfn' function, which should be trusted. Overall, the code is low risk.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}