{
  "purpose": "This code provides a utility to locate revved (hashed) versions of files within a project directory, primarily for cache busting and asset management purposes.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to the 'find' method: 'ofile' (the original filename/path), 'basedir' (the base directory for search). It also uses 'expandfn' provided during object construction to expand glob patterns to file paths.",
  "sinks": "The code does not have any direct sinks such as network or system commands; it only reads filesystem paths and returns modified filenames or paths.",
  "flows": "Input 'ofile' is processed to normalize path and extract filename. 'expandfn' is used to retrieve matching files. The pattern matches are filtered by regex to identify revved files, and the final filename or path is constructed and returned.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to perform standard path manipulations and pattern matching without any obfuscated or malicious code. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No external network calls or system modifications are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a 'RevvedFinder' class that initializes with a pattern expansion function and optional directories. The 'find' method normalizes and processes input file paths, including handling root-based references. It uses a regex to identify revved files based on filename patterns (hash-like segments before filename extension). It filters potential revved files by matching directory paths and filename patterns, then constructs a relative or root-based path for return. The code relies on the provided 'expandfn' to retrieve candidate files but does not perform any dangerous operations, system calls, or data leaks. The logic is straightforward and consistent with a file lookup utility, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility for locating hashed (revved) assets within a directory structure, with no signs of malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities. It performs path normalization, pattern matching, and string manipulation without external system interference or data leaks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}