{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for numerical calculations, including precision determination, rounding, approximation, modulo operation, number conversion, and random number generation. It appears intended for mathematical or data processing purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments such as numbers, arrays, or strings passed into functions like 'precision', 'num', 'random', and others.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of 'Math.random()' for random number generation, which can be a concern if used for security-sensitive purposes, and the use of 'eval'-like functions are not present. No direct data leakage or malicious data transmission code is observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into utility functions which process numerical data, with 'random' generating pseudo-random numbers, and other functions manipulating or formatting numbers for calculations.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard mathematical utility functions with no unusual code, backdoors, hard-coded credentials, or obfuscated logic. No suspicious network activity or malicious code is detected. The inclusion of source maps ('//# sourceMappingURL=index.js.map') is typical for minified/compiled code but does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The script defines several functions to analyze and manipulate numeric data, including precision calculation, rounding, approximation checks, modulo, and random number generation. It uses standard JavaScript features, with no use of eval, DOM manipulation, network requests, or environment variable access. The only point to note is the use of Math.random() for generating random numbers, which is not cryptographically secure but is standard for non-security-critical randomness. No signs of malware such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious payloads are present. The code is wrapped in a universal module definition pattern, which is common for libraries meant for multiple environments.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a set of mathematical utility functions with no malicious intent. It does not contain malware, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious behavior. The use of Math.random() for randomness is normal for general purposes but should not be relied upon for cryptographic security. Overall, the code is benign and serves as a utility library.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}