{
  "purpose": "This code implements a simple text processing and search system based on term frequency-inverse document frequency (TFIDF). It processes documents, supports document addition, and performs search queries with optional partial matching.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'documents' array provided during class instantiation, and the 'query' string supplied to the 'search' method.",
  "sinks": "The code does not appear to write to external systems, perform network operations, or execute untrusted input in a dangerous way. No sinks that lead to data leaks or external effects are identified.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from the 'documents' array and 'query' parameter through processing functions, but all data is handled locally within the class methods without external interactions.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are present. The code uses standard string processing and mathematical functions for text analysis. No obfuscated or suspicious constructs detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Corpus class that processes text documents, normalizes them, and allows for searching based on TFIDF scores. It uses a default processor that lowercases and tokenizes input, with configurable processing. The search method computes similarity scores based on term matching, supporting partial matches. All operations are local and do not interact with external systems or execute untrusted code. No signs of malicious behavior, such as network activity, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors, are observed. The implementation appears to be a straightforward text processing utility.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of a TFIDF-based text search utility. It performs no malicious actions or security-sensitive operations. It appears safe and free of malicious intent or malware, with no security risks detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}