{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of functions to generate query templates for Elasticsearch search requests, including term, exists, range, match, multi_match, bool, filtered, aggregation, and sort templates.",
  "sources": "Function parameters such as query, field, attr, fields, body, name, and type are the main sources of untrusted input, which are incorporated into the templates.",
  "sinks": "The templates generated are intended for use in Elasticsearch queries, which are typically executed by Elasticsearch server. There are no direct network operations, file manipulations, or system calls within this code.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are processed into JavaScript objects, which are then returned as template objects to be used elsewhere; there are no further flows within this code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are detected. The code appears to be straightforward template functions without obfuscation or malicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions to generate Elasticsearch query templates. Each function constructs JavaScript objects based on input parameters and returns them. There is no dynamic code execution, network access, or sensitive data handling within these functions. Usage of user-provided parameters such as 'query', 'field', and 'attr' is confined to object construction. The module exports these functions for external use. No signs of malware, malicious backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The code seems to serve a legitimate purpose of query template generation, with proper handling of input parameters. No anomalies or security issues are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward utility module for constructing Elasticsearch query templates. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It appears safe and intended for legitimate use in query construction.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}