{
  "purpose": "This code defines a utility object provideTemplate with functions to generate query templates for Elasticsearch-like search operations, including term, exists, range, match, multi_match, bool, filtered, aggregation, and sort. It facilitates building structured query objects programmatically.",
  "sources": "Function parameters such as query, field, attr, fields, body, name, and type are sources where external input data can be provided. These are used to construct query templates dynamically.",
  "sinks": "Constructed query objects are returned by functions and could be used to execute search queries. If these inputs are untrusted, they could lead to malformed or malicious queries, but there are no direct sinks that execute code or send data externally.",
  "flows": "User-supplied parameters flow into template construction within each function, forming query objects that are returned. The data flows from input parameters to the output object but does not directly interact with external systems within this code.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward and does not contain obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious constructs. It constructs query templates based on input parameters without executing any untrusted code or making external requests.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several functions to create query templates, such as term, exists, range, match, multi_match, bool, filtered, aggregation, and sort. Inputs are used to assemble query objects, which are then returned. There is no dynamic code execution, no network calls, and no manipulation of environment variables. The functions are parameterized and designed for building query structures. Since no external code evaluation or file system interaction occurs, the code itself does not contain malicious behavior. Inputs are used solely for object construction, and there are no indications of malware or malicious intent. The absence of external side-effects, obfuscated code, or suspicious variable usage suggests that the code's purpose is benign.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of helper functions for building search query templates. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is a straightforward utility module intended for query construction, with no evident security issues or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}