{
  "purpose": "This code initializes and tracks user interactions with analytics services (Google Analytics and Facebook Pixel) within an Angular application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'storeModel' parameter, which provides optional custom keys for Google Analytics and Facebook Pixel. It also reads input parameters such as URL, buyValue, id, type, search, and store_name in various methods.",
  "sinks": "The code sends data to external services (Google Analytics and Facebook Pixel) via 'ga' and 'fbq' functions, which are presumably loaded from external SDKs. No direct data leaks or manipulations are apparent within this code fragment.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'storeModel' and method parameters are used to configure or send tracking events via 'ga' and 'fbq'. Data flows from method inputs into these functions, which then communicate with external servers.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials or suspicious code are detected. The code appears standard for analytics integration. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or hidden backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of analytics tracking using external SDKs. It initializes tracking with fixed IDs and optional custom keys, and provides methods to track page views, registration, checkout, purchase, cart addition, and search events. All data flows involve standard API calls to third-party services. No signs of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or sabotage are evident. The code does not handle sensitive data like passwords or environment variables, nor does it perform insecure operations.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical analytics service integration with no malicious intent or security risks detected. It primarily sends user interaction data to third-party services as designed. No suspicious or malicious behavior is present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}