{
  "purpose": "This code provides React-like transition components and hooks for managing CSS animations and component mounting states, primarily for UI transitions.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from 'props', internal state variables, and DOM elements (via getElement). It also reads external dependencies from '@unis/core' and the props passed to components.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include classList manipulations on DOM elements, timers (setTimeout), and callback invocations (onEnter, onExited, etc.), which could affect DOM or trigger side effects.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and state into class manipulations and callback invocations, with source-to-sink paths primarily involving DOM element classList modifications and timer triggers based on transition statuses.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscated code, or hardcoded secrets are present. The code uses standard hooks and DOM manipulations. No suspicious network activity, data leakage, or backdoors detected. No dynamic code execution or eval-like constructs. All functions serve standard UI transition purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of transition components and hooks similar to React Transition Group, using internal state and effects to manage CSS classes during different transition phases. It reads inputs from component props and internal state, and updates DOM classes accordingly. It also handles timers for transitions. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, hidden network calls, or backdoors. External dependencies are from '@unis/core' and are used in a standard manner. No suspicious anomalies or obfuscated code are identified.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard implementation of UI transition components and hooks for CSS animations, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It performs typical DOM manipulations and state management for UI effects, with no indications of malicious behavior or supply chain threats.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}