{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to convert full-width characters to half-width characters and vice versa, primarily for text normalization involving Japanese/Chinese punctuation and Latin characters.",
  "sources": "The code reads input strings passed to the functions '_full2half' and '_half2full'. No external data sources or environment variables are read.",
  "sinks": "The main data sinks are the output string returned by the functions. No untrusted data is written to external locations, files, or network connections within this code.",
  "flows": "Input strings are processed character by character, with conditional transformations based on options. The processed characters are accumulated into output arrays, then joined into a string for return.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no obfuscated code, hidden data, or suspicious constructs. The only notable aspect is the extensive use of character code manipulation for normalizing text. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines constants for Unicode code points representing various punctuations and symbols. It includes functions for merging options with defaults, then transforming input strings character-by-character, converting between full-width and half-width forms based on options. The functions utilize straightforward character code calculations and array lookups to perform transformations. The 'smart_mode' sections perform regex replacements to convert certain punctuation patterns. No external network activity, system modification, or data exfiltration is detected. There are no indications of malicious behavior, such as sending data over network, executing system commands, or including hidden backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, utility library for character normalization with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It operates solely on input strings to convert character widths, with configurable options. No security risks or suspicious behaviors are evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}