{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React application that fetches environmental data from external URLs, processes it, and renders a 3D model with options to toggle heatmap and panel visibility, as well as exporting the rendered view as an image.",
  "sources": "Data is fetched from external URLs ('https://ds-test-pub-data.s3.amazonaws.com/...'), which are used as sources of JSON data for rendering. User interactions include toggling heatmap and panels, and exporting an image via DOM methods.",
  "sinks": "Exported image uses DOM element creation and triggering download. Console logging of click events; no other sinks involve untrusted data flows.",
  "flows": "Fetch external JSON data (source) -> process data and update component state -> render ModelRenderer component -> user actions (button clicks) trigger state toggling or image export.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns observed. No hardcoded credentials, no backdoors, or hidden malicious code. Fetching from known Amazon S3 URLs appears legitimate. Commented-out eval code is present but inactive and not executed. The code appears straightforward with standard React and fetch usage.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily fetches data from external sources and renders a 3D model component. It uses standard React hooks and DOM methods for interaction and export. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution detected. The only notable aspect is the commented-out eval code, which is inactive. No signs of malware such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity. The external URLs are public and seem related to a specific application. Overall, the code is standard and secure in its current form.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs legitimate data fetching, processing, and rendering activities with no malicious intent detected. No security risks or malware behaviors are present. The code is safe based on the provided fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}