{
  "purpose": "A simple Grunt task that opens specified files or URLs for preview using the 'open' module.",
  "sources": "Configuration data from 'this.files', 'fileConfig.src', and 'fileConfig.dest' influencing the 'open' function.",
  "sinks": "The 'open' function is called with constructed file paths or URLs, which could lead to opening unintended files or malicious URLs if inputs are untrusted.",
  "flows": "Data flows from configuration inputs ('files', 'src', 'dest') into path construction and then into the 'open' function call.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or malicious behaviors detected. The code is straightforward and standard.",
  "analysis": "The code reads configuration data to construct file paths and opens each file or URL using the 'open' module. No sanitization or validation of inputs is performed, which could be exploited if inputs are malicious. The code does not contain malware, backdoors, or obfuscation. The primary concern is reliance on external configuration, which could be manipulated to cause unintended behavior. The 'open' module usage is standard, and no malicious actions are present. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, securityRisk=0.2) are appropriate given the context. The low risk score reflects potential misuse via configuration, not intrinsic vulnerability or malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward utility for opening files or URLs based on configuration inputs. It does not contain malware or obfuscated code. The main security consideration is the trustworthiness of configuration data; if inputs are maliciously crafted, unintended files or URLs could be opened. The assigned scores are consistent with this assessment, with a malware score of 0, obfuscated score of 0, and a low security risk score of 0.2. To improve security, input validation or sanitization could be implemented, but the core code is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}