{
  "purpose": "This code defines a PostCSS plugin for transforming color functions within CSS declarations based on configurable options, including theme handling and color modifications.",
  "sources": "Input CSS declarations that contain color functions, specifically those matching the configured function name (default 'cc'), and data from configuration options such as 'colors' and 'themeSelectors'.",
  "sinks": "Generated CSS rules and declarations that modify color values, potentially outputting altered CSS based on input values and configuration.",
  "flows": "CSS declarations with color functions → Parsing and analyzing the function calls → Transforming colors based on configurations and modifiers → Generating new CSS rules with modified color values.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks. Use of external libraries ('postcss-value-parser' and 'colorjs.io') appears standard for color parsing and manipulation. No network calls or hidden data exfiltration detected. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation present. No suspicious file operations or environmental variable access.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a PostCSS plugin that modifies CSS color functions according to specified options. It relies on 'postcss-value-parser' for parsing CSS values and 'colorjs.io' for color manipulation. The plugin processes CSS declarations, identifies specific color functions, and replaces them with computed color values, potentially based on theme selectors or variable references. The code performs string replacements, color calculations, and rule generation in a predictable manner. There is no evidence of malicious behaviors such as network communication, data exfiltration, or code injection. The use of external libraries is standard and does not introduce malicious behavior. No obfuscation or hidden functionality is observed. All operations appear to serve the legitimate purpose of CSS color transformation.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate PostCSS plugin intended for color manipulation within CSS. It does not exhibit any malicious or suspicious behavior. The security risk is minimal, with no signs of malware or malicious intent. The code performs its functions transparently and relies on common, reputable libraries. Overall, the package appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}