{
  "purpose": "This code is a PostCSS plugin designed to modify color values within CSS declarations, supporting theme-based color schemes and color modifications via functions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from CSS declaration values (decl.value) and configuration options provided to the changeColor function.",
  "sinks": "The code writes transformed CSS rules and declarations back into the CSS AST (via helpers.Rule and helpers.Declaration), and throws errors if color variables are missing.",
  "flows": "Input CSS declaration values are parsed, and if matching the function pattern (e.g., 'cc('), colors are extracted and transformed. These transformations generate new CSS rules or modify existing declarations, which are then injected into the CSS AST.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are observed. The code does not send data over network, access environment variables, or perform file operations. It throws errors for missing color variables but does not handle exceptions beyond that. The color transformation logic is straightforward and does not include hidden or malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a PostCSS plugin that manipulates CSS color functions based on a set of configurations. It safely parses CSS values using 'postcss-value-parser', applies transformations, and inserts new rules or modifies existing ones. It does not contain code that reads external data, communicates externally, or performs any malicious operations. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is detected. The code handles color variable resolution and color modifications explicitly. Overall, the implementation appears benign and focused on CSS processing without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate PostCSS plugin for color manipulation, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It performs intended transformations securely and does not contain any suspicious or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}