{
  "purpose": "This code extends and patches the THREE.js library to add custom material functionalities, shader patching, and uniform management for 3D rendering purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported THREE.js components, shader chunks, uniform libraries, and object properties such as shader source strings and material configurations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include shader source code manipulation, assignment of uniforms and material properties, and cloning or linking shader materials which could be exploited for malicious injection if untrusted data is used.",
  "flows": "Data flows from shader source chunks and uniform definitions through shader patching and extension functions to the final material properties and shader code used during rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are detected. The code performs shader and material extension without external data fetching or network calls. The code dynamically patches shader code but does so with static shader chunks, which is typical for shader customization. No obfuscation or misleading variable names are present. The code's complexity and purpose align with shader/material management; no malicious behavior is apparent.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily extends THREE.js materials with new methods and shader patching capabilities. It clones uniforms, patches shader code with custom snippets, and manages material properties. The shader code modifications are controlled via template objects and header patches, which are common practices for shader customization. The code does not fetch data from external sources, send data over the network, or execute untrusted code. No obfuscated code patterns or suspicious network activity are evident. The functions focus on managing shader and material properties securely and systematically. Overall, the code is a benign extension aimed at enhancing shader/material handling within THREE.js.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as an extension to the THREE.js library for custom shader and material management. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware; it is a complex but safe utility for shader customization. No indicators of malicious intent, data leaks, or security risks are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}