{
  "purpose": "The code primarily defines a large set of configuration objects, default properties, and constants related to CSS styles, React component lifecycle methods, DOM elements, SVG elements, table and column configurations, shape properties for animations, and some utility variables. It appears to be a foundational setup for a frontend application involving styling, layout, and animation components.",
  "sources": "Variables and objects such as 'css', 'propsNotCss', 'reactLife', 'props', 'viewProps', 'svg', 'dom', 'table', 'column', 'columnGroup', 'cell', 'mojsShape', and 'styleValue' which are initialized with static, predefined values. No external data sources or untrusted input reading is evident. The code does not read any external input or data.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data, network, file system, or system commands are present. The code solely defines data structures and constants; no code executes dynamically or interacts with the system environment or network.",
  "flows": "There are no dynamic data flows, input/output operations, or code execution paths. The code is purely declarative, defining static objects and constants.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains an 'if (debug)' block that initializes a very large 'css' object with numerous style properties, which could potentially be a placeholder for debugging or testing. However, this does not constitute malicious behavior; it is a common development pattern. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated/malicious code patterns. The variables are all static and do not perform any operations that could harm the system or compromise security.",
  "analysis": "Step-by-step analysis indicates that the code is a configuration and constants setup for a frontend framework, possibly React-based, involving styles, DOM element types, SVG, table layouts, and animation shapes. The 'if (debug)' block only initializes style properties for debugging purposes without executing any malicious actions. The presence of extensive static definitions, with no dynamic code execution, network calls, or system interactions, suggests that the code is purely structural and not malicious. There are no anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The code does not perform any operations that could be exploited or used for malicious purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a static configuration setup with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is typical for frontend applications to define such style and component properties. The 'debug' conditional is a development pattern, not malicious. Overall, the code is safe with no security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}