{
  "purpose": "The code primarily defines a set of configuration objects, constants, and placeholder structures for a JavaScript UI and animation library, including CSS styles, React component lifecycle hooks, SVG and DOM element attributes, table and column definitions, and animation properties for mojs and related components.",
  "sources": "Data is read from hardcoded property definitions within objects such as 'css', 'propsNotCss', 'reactLife', 'props', 'viewProps', 'svg', 'dom', 'table', 'column', 'columnGroup', 'cell', 'mojsShape', and from the module exports.",
  "sinks": "There are no obvious sinks involving untrusted input or data leaks; the code contains only static configuration data and placeholders. No network, file system, or sensitive data handling occurs.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows; the code is solely defining static objects and constants without runtime data processing or execution of dynamic code paths.",
  "anomalies": "The code is predominantly static data structure definitions. The only variable 'debug' is set to false at the beginning, which controls whether a large block of style-related configuration is initialized, but this is standard debug toggling. No hidden code, backdoors, or obfuscated behavior is detected. No hardcoded credentials, API keys, or network calls are present.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up extensive configuration objects for styles, React lifecycle methods, SVG and DOM attributes, table and column behaviors, and animation parameters. All data appears to be static, with no dynamic input handling, network requests, or executable code that could be malicious. The presence of a 'debug' flag simply toggles the initialization of style configurations but does not influence any runtime logic or external communication. The code contains no functions executing outside the scope of defining configuration data. There are no signs of obfuscated or malicious code. Overall, this appears to be a benign module exporting predefined UI and animation settings.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a static configuration module defining styling, React, SVG, DOM, table, and animation properties for a JavaScript application. No malicious behavior, data leakage, or supply chain risks are evident. The code's purpose is to provide configuration objects, and it does not perform any network, file, or system operations. It is safe and contains no malware indicators.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}