{
  "purpose": "The code extends and manipulates SVG path data, converting paths to polygons or polylines with sampling functionality for rendering or analysis.",
  "sources": "Reads SVG path attribute 'd', and the path array 'PathArray' from the SVG.js library.",
  "sinks": "Calls 'getTotalLength', 'getPointAtLength', 'setAttribute', 'replace', and 'plot' functions which handle SVG path data, mainly for rendering or manipulation but do not process untrusted input directly.",
  "flows": "Path data is read from the 'd' attribute and path array; path length calculations and point sampling are performed, then potentially the path is replaced with a poly or polygon. Data flows from source attributes through processing functions to output manipulations.",
  "anomalies": "The code processes SVG path data but does not contain hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. No dynamic code execution or external data fetching is present. No obfuscated code patterns are detected. The logic is standard for SVG path manipulation.",
  "analysis": "The code imports SVG.js components and defines functions to normalize attributes and convert SVG paths into polygons or polylines with sampling. It calculates path length, samples points along the path at specified intervals, and reconstructs the path as a polygon or polyline. No external inputs are read beyond standard SVG path attributes, and no outputs send data externally. The functions perform geometric calculations and DOM modifications without malicious intent. No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials or network activity are present. The code is a typical utility for SVG manipulation with no signs of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard SVG path manipulation and conversion with sampling, without any malicious or suspicious behavior. It neither reads nor writes sensitive data, nor performs network operations. It is safe and does not contain malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}