{
  "purpose": "This code extends the '@svgdotjs/svg.js' library to add functionalities for normalizing attributes and converting SVG path data into polygon or polyline representations, primarily for processing SVG graphics.",
  "sources": "Reads SVG path data through method calls such as 'this.attr', 'this.slice()', and 'parser().path'. Also reads attribute objects passed to functions.",
  "sinks": "Creates new SVG path, polygon, or polyline objects, and modifies existing SVG elements. Uses getTotalLength and getPointAtLength for path analysis.",
  "flows": "Reads path data, computes lengths and points, then creates or replaces SVG shape objects with processed data.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or unusual code patterns detected. The code relies solely on SVG.js library methods and standard JavaScript features. No obfuscated code, reverse shell, network activity, or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code adds extensions to the PathArray and Path classes from '@svgdotjs/svg.js'. It normalizes attributes by removing non-essential attributes, then provides methods to convert paths into polygon or polyline objects by sampling points along the path based on specified sampling intervals. The functions perform calculations using path length and point extraction, and then generate new SVG elements accordingly. The code appears to be a legitimate extension for SVG path processing, with no signs of malicious behavior, data leakage, or security compromise. No external network access, file system interactions, or malicious payloads are present. The only potential concern could be if user-supplied SVG data is processed without validation, but this is a common SVG handling pattern, not malicious per se.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard SVG path processing extension with no malicious intent or suspicious behaviors. It primarily manipulates SVG elements for graphical purposes. No malware signals detected. The security risk is minimal, mostly related to standard SVG processing considerations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}