{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom probabilistic coin-flip simulation named PinkCoin, which models a coin with adjustable probability and history-based state changes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from Math.random() (or a custom random function), and the options provided during class instantiation, such as maxConsecutive, initialProbability, and adjustmentScale.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the random function used for probabilistic state changes. The code does not perform any network operations, file access, or data exfiltration. It exposes methods like flip() and toss(), which internally invoke the random function to determine coin state changes.",
  "flows": "Input options influence probability calculations; the random function determines state changes in next(); the probability influences whether the state toggles based on the threshold.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, secrets, or backdoors are present. The code uses a standard Math.random or a provided custom function without malicious modifications. Adjustment function is a mathematical transformation, not malicious. The code appears straightforward without obfuscation or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a probabilistic coin with adjustable behavior based on history. It reads input primarily from the options and the random function. The random function determines whether the coin flips, with the probability dynamically adjusted via a mathematical scale. The methods are simple and do not perform external communications, file access, or data leaks. There are no indicators of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware. The only concern could be if a malicious random function is provided, but this is a user-supplied option and not inherently malicious. The code is well-structured, uses standard JavaScript features, and contains no obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate probabilistic coin simulation with adjustable parameters. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. The use of a customizable random function provides flexibility but does not inherently introduce security risks. Overall, the code appears benign and safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}