{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom HTML element 'lc-lightbox' that creates an interactive image lightbox feature with optional custom templates and attributes for image source, minimum width, and disabled state.",
  "sources": "The code reads attributes ('src', 'min-width', 'disabled', 'debug') from the custom element, the element's internal 'img' element, and the 'template#low-cal-template' if present. It also reads window.innerWidth and querySelector for DOM elements.",
  "sinks": "The code updates DOM elements' styles, attributes, and event listeners. Specifically, it modifies the shadow DOM's inner HTML, sets 'src' of images, attaches event listeners for click events, and manipulates data attributes.",
  "flows": "Input data includes element attributes and window size; on click, the image source is used to display a modal lightbox. The event listeners trigger display toggling, with data attributes indicating open/closed state.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures are detected. The code uses standard web component techniques. No network activity or data leakage appears present. The DEBUG attribute only logs templates for debugging purposes.",
  "analysis": "The script creates a custom element with optional template override. It reads configuration from attributes and conditionally disables itself based on the 'disabled' attribute or viewport width. It attaches a shadow DOM, sets up event listeners for image click and modal close, and manages display states. There are no signs of malicious code, such as data exfiltration, network communication, or system manipulation. The DEBUG mode only logs internal states for development. Overall, the implementation appears standard and benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a customizable image lightbox component. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The only potential concern is the 'debug' attribute which logs internal templates; however, this is controlled by the developer and not malicious. The component is safe for use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}