{
  "purpose": "This script is a Gulp build configuration for processing styles, assets, and HTML files for a web project, including serving the project via a local server with live reload.",
  "sources": "Input sources include local files such as 'src/style/weui.less', 'src/example/**/*.?(png|jpg|gif|js)', 'src/example/example.less', and 'src/example/index.html'. User command line arguments parsed via yargs for watch, server, and port options.",
  "sinks": "Data flows involve reading local files and outputting processed files into the 'dist' directory; also, reading files for inlining templates and copying assets. No untrusted data is sent externally or to external domains.",
  "flows": "The build tasks read local source files, process them, and write output files to 'dist'. The 'build:example:html' task reads HTML and inline templates, then writes modified HTML. The server task serves files from 'dist' with live reload. User inputs (CLI args) influence server port and watch/server modes.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behaviors detected. The code uses standard Gulp plugin patterns. The inline replacement in 'build:example:html' reads local files and injects content, which is normal for build scripts.",
  "analysis": "The script is a typical build configuration for front-end assets, with tasks for processing styles, copying assets, and inlining HTML templates. It employs standard libraries like gulp, gulp-less, gulp-cssnano, and browser-sync for development. No signs of malicious code, network connections to suspicious domains, or data exfiltration are present. The only notable operation is inlining HTML templates, which is common. The CLI options influence server and watch modes, with no security concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build and development setup for a front-end project. It does not contain malware, malicious behaviors, or security risks. It operates solely on local files and serves files locally for development purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}