{
  "purpose": "The code implements a beat detection and analysis algorithm for audio signals, intended to process FFT data for identifying beats and estimating BPM in music or audio streams.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the fft_data array passed to the process() method, and current timestamp from timer_seconds parameter. No other input sources are present.",
  "sinks": "No sinks found that send data over the network, write to files, or access sensitive data directly. The code performs calculations and logs data to console but does not leak data or execute external commands.",
  "flows": "FFT data is processed in process() to update moving averages and detect beat intervals. The detected BPM estimates are stored within object properties and occasionally logged. No external data flows or untrusted data outputs identified.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs detected. The code is well-structured, focused on beat detection logic. No dynamic code execution, eval, or obfuscated patterns observed. Logging to console is for debugging purposes.",
  "analysis": "The script is a JavaScript port of an open-source beat detection algorithm, thoroughly commented, and designed solely for audio signal processing. It reads FFT data, calculates moving averages, identifies peaks, and estimates BPM without external data transmission or malicious intent. The code is not obfuscated, uses standard JavaScript features, and performs computations relevant to its purpose. There are no indications of malware such as system manipulation, data theft, network communication, or hidden backdoors. Its only external interaction is console logging, which is harmless. The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of an audio beat detection algorithm with no malicious signals.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, open-source beat detection implementation with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs signal processing as intended without harmful side effects. Overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}