{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to synchronize files from a local directory to an AWS S3 bucket using the '@drawbotics/s3sync' library, primarily for deployment or backup purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads the version from '../package.json' and environment variables from 'process.env.NODE_ENV'. It also reads the local directory '../dist' using 'path.resolve' to specify the source directory.",
  "sinks": "The 's3sync' function is called with parameters that include the source directory, folder name, version, environment mode, and force synchronization flag. These parameters are used internally by the s3sync library to perform the sync operation.",
  "flows": "Input: Version from package.json and environment variable NODE_ENV -> s3sync configuration. Source directory path -> s3sync source directory parameter. Output: s3sync performs synchronization based on provided parameters.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward and uses standard modules and a third-party library without any obfuscated or suspicious code. No hardcoded credentials or unusual behaviors are detected. The use of 'forceSync: true' might be aggressive but is not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script loads necessary modules, retrieves version info from package.json, and defines a 'sync' function that determines environment mode (development or production). It then calls 's3sync' with configuration parameters including source directory, target folder, version, environment mode, and force synchronization. The code performs a typical deployment step for static assets, with no signs of malicious activity or data leaks. It does not contain dynamic code execution, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard deployment utility for syncing local files to S3 storage. There are no malicious behaviors or security risks detected in this snippet. It uses typical patterns for environment-based configuration and file synchronization.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}