{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom web component 'sws-ripple-box' that creates a visual ripple effect on user interaction, primarily for UI enhancement in web applications.",
  "sources": "Reads user interaction events (@mouseover, @mouseout, @touchstart) on the component's DOM, accesses computed styles, and manipulates DOM attributes and styles. No external untrusted data sources or network calls are present.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM attributes and inline styles in response to user events, and sets CSS custom properties. No data leakage, network transmission, or file operations are evident.",
  "flows": "User interaction events trigger internal methods (_onMouseOver, _onMouseOut, _onTouchStart) which alter DOM attributes and CSS properties. No flow to external sinks like network or file systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains large blocks of minified, base64-encoded source mapping data, which appears to be a source map or embedded source map data, not part of the actual functional code. The core logic is a standard custom element with style and event handling. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code is detected. The embedded source map data does not influence runtime behavior and is typical for source-mapped debugging.",
  "analysis": "The source code defines a LitElement-based web component with styles and event handlers for visual ripple effects. It uses standard Web Components APIs, property decorators, and CSS animations. The only noteworthy aspect is the embedded base64 source map, which is common in minified code for debugging. No network calls, data exfiltration, or malicious logic is present. The code functions solely to create UI effects without external dependencies or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign UI component implementing ripple effects. No malicious behavior, security risks, or suspicious activity is identified. The embedded source map data is standard for development and debugging purposes. Overall, it poses no security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}