{
  "purpose": "The code provides a scroll-to animation utility for web pages, allowing smooth scrolling to specified positions or elements, with configurable options and event handlers.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters such as options, container, element, and callback functions onStart, onDone, onAborting.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation functions (_.scrollLeft, _.scrollTop), event listeners addition/removal (_.addListeners, _.removeListeners), and the invocation of callback functions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input options to scroll position calculations, triggering animations via loop, and event handling. Input parameters like 'element' and 'offset' influence target scroll positions. Callbacks are invoked at start, abort, and completion. Listeners are added to abort scrolling.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code relies on external helpers (_), but their source appears benign. No obfuscated code, no unusual dynamic code execution, no hidden backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles smooth scrolling animations, calculating target scroll positions based on container and element offsets. It manages event listeners for aborting the scroll, calls user-defined callbacks at key points, and provides configuration options. The functions are well-structured, with no signs of malicious code. External helper functions (_.*) are used for DOM offsets and event handling; assuming these are standard utility functions. No code injection, data leakage, or system sabotage behaviors are observed. The code does not send data over network, modify system files, or execute malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard smooth scrolling utility with no malicious intent. It provides configurable scroll animations and event handling without any suspicious or harmful behavior. All observed activities are related to DOM manipulation and event management, consistent with its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}