{
  "purpose": "This code provides smooth scrolling functionality in a web application, allowing programmatic scrolling to specific positions or elements within a container, including bottom and top scrolling, with configurable options and event handling.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user interactions (click, touchstart, mousedown, wheel, keydown, touchmove) on nodes that trigger scrolling, options objects passed to functions, and DOM elements such as containers and target elements.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve manipulation of scroll positions via _.scrollLeft and _.scrollTop, event listeners for user input, and invocation of callback functions (onStart, onDone, onAborting).",
  "flows": "Data flows from user input or options into functions that calculate target scroll positions, then into scrolling functions that animate scroll changes, and invoke callbacks at start, during, and upon abort or completion.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious anomalies or unusual code patterns detected. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors are present. All external functions (imported from 'svelte' and './helper.js') appear standard for scrolling and event handling.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a smooth scrolling utility, with configurable options such as container, duration, delay, easing, and callbacks. It uses event listeners to detect user interruptions and stop scrolling accordingly. The helper module is assumed to handle DOM measurements and event listener management. The functions include scrolling to specific positions, bottom, and top of containers, and creating scroll action handlers. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or backdoors is observed. The code solely manages UI scrolling behavior and user interaction handling.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, well-structured implementation of smooth scrolling for web applications. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. All operations are confined to client-side UI interactions and DOM manipulation. No indicators of malicious intent or security threats are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}