{
  "purpose": "The code defines functions for parsing and validating configuration objects related to DynamoDB table definitions, including table attributes, indexes, and related parameters, for use in a JavaScript SDK or library.",
  "sources": "Configuration objects passed into parseTable function, specifically the 'table' parameter, and properties within it such as name, alias, partitionKey, sortKey, attributes, indexes, entities, and DocumentClient.",
  "sinks": "There are no direct sinks that handle untrusted data, execute external commands, or leak data. The code mainly performs validation and data structuring.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input configuration objects into internal validation and parsing functions. Validated and parsed data are returned as structured configuration objects. No data is transmitted externally or written to files.",
  "anomalies": "The code primarily performs validation checks and does not contain any obfuscated code, suspicious dynamic code execution, or hardcoded secrets. No backdoors or malicious payloads are present. No network activity or data exfiltration occurs.",
  "analysis": "The code validates configuration objects for DynamoDB table setup, checking for proper types and required fields. It uses utility functions for error reporting. No external data sources or network calls are involved. The code appears to be a standard configuration parser with input validation, designed to prevent misconfiguration. There are no signs of malicious behavior or malware, and the code structure is straightforward without obfuscation. Security risks are minimal as it does not handle sensitive data or perform dangerous operations.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a safe, non-malicious configuration parsing utility for DynamoDB tables. It includes validation and error handling but does not contain any malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or malware. Overall, it presents a low security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}