{
  "purpose": "Dynamically loads JavaScript dependencies and modules for a ClojureScript project using Google's Closure library.",
  "sources": "Script tags inserted via document.write that load external JavaScript files: 'js/compiled/goog/base.js', 'js/compiled/cljs_deps.js', and conditionally require 'figwheel.connect' and 'cljs_bach.synthesis'.",
  "sinks": "The external scripts loaded may execute arbitrary code; the conditional goog.require calls can load additional modules based on the presence of the 'goog' object.",
  "flows": "External scripts are loaded from specified URLs, then if 'goog' is defined, the code requires 'figwheel.connect' and 'cljs_bach.synthesis' modules, which may execute code depending on these modules' content.",
  "anomalies": "Use of document.write for loading scripts, which can be risky as it may inject scripts in a way that's harder to control. The script sources are static and known, reducing suspicion. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code are present. Conditional loading based on 'goog' is standard in Closure-library projects.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically injects script tags to load dependencies essential for a ClojureScript build. It checks for the existence of 'goog' before requiring modules, which is standard in Closure library projects. There are no signs of malicious code such as network communication to suspicious domains, data theft, or backdoors. The use of document.write is typical in initial script loading sequences but can be risky if combined with untrusted sources. All external scripts are from local 'js/compiled/' paths, indicating a controlled environment. No anomalies or suspicious behaviors detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs standard dependency loading for a ClojureScript project using Google's Closure library. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or malicious intent. The use of document.write is typical for initial script loading but should be monitored for security best practices. Overall, it appears safe with no security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}