{
  "purpose": "The code implements a 3D model viewer using Three.js, providing functionalities for loading, displaying, and interacting with 3D content in a web environment.",
  "sources": "Code reads input from constructor parameters (el, options), URL parameters in load(), DOM events for clicks/touches, and assetMap blobs for loading models.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks via URL.createObjectURL(blob), DOM event handlers, and console logs. No apparent network transmission of data or malicious effects.",
  "flows": "Input sources (URL, DOM events, options) lead to model loading, scene manipulation, and user interaction handling. No flow indicates untrusted data reaching sensitive sinks maliciously.",
  "anomalies": "Use of require() for 'three' library and dynamic setting of decoder path. No suspicious hard-coded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code present. Event handlers and scene setup follow typical patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive 3D viewer built with Three.js, focusing on model loading, scene setup, camera controls, and interaction. It loads external assets and models via safe APIs, manages resources properly (dispose calls), and interacts with DOM for events. Blob URLs are created during model loading but are scoped and properly managed. No signs of data exfiltration, hidden network activity, or malicious code are evident. The code does not perform unsafe operations like eval, dynamic script insertion, or system command execution. Use of require() is standard for module imports, and no obfuscated or misleading code is found. Overall, the code appears benign, serving its purpose as a 3D viewer without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard 3D viewer implementation with no evidence of malicious behavior or supply chain security threats. It responsibly manages resources and interacts with external assets safely. No malicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}