{
  "purpose": "Render a Matrix rain animation with Devanagari script characters, defaulting to Bhagavad Gita shlokas if no text is provided.",
  "sources": "Reads 'text' prop (user input or default shlokas), retrieves window size for canvas dimensions, processes Devanagari characters from shlokas.",
  "sinks": "Canvas drawing functions (fillText), dynamically set styles (fillStyle, font), animation frame updates, window resize event listener.",
  "flows": "Text prop -> Character splitting and character pool creation -> Drop initialization with random characters -> Animation loop updating drop positions and rendering characters on canvas.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code observed. Character processing is standard. No suspicious network activity or system modifications detected. Font and rendering are typical for canvas animations. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. No external data is fetched or sent, and no dynamic code execution or eval statements present.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes with default Bhagavad Gita shlokas if no 'text' prop is provided. It creates a matrix-like animation on a canvas element, rendering Devanagari characters with variable font sizes and opacities. The animation loop updates drop positions and redraws characters, using standard canvas drawing methods. Event listeners for resize are properly cleaned up. There are no signs of malicious activity such as network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code performs typical graphical rendering and string processing, with no obfuscated or suspicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign, visually oriented React component for animated text display. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It is a standard implementation of a matrix rain effect with Devanagari characters, relying on predictable library functions and rendering techniques.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}