{
  "purpose": "Analyze the code's dynamic module loading pattern for potential security issues, malicious behavior, or sabotage, focusing on supply chain risks associated with require() from a directory.",
  "sources": "Filesystem directory listing via fs.readdir, module requiring via require() with dynamic paths.",
  "sinks": "Require() calls executing code from potentially manipulated files, leading to code execution or malicious module loading.",
  "flows": "Readdir retrieves filenames -> require() loads modules based on filenames -> module methods invoked.",
  "anomalies": "No code obfuscation, no hardcoded secrets, no malicious code within the module; reliance on external directory integrity.",
  "analysis": "The code loads parser modules dynamically from a directory without validation, creating a supply chain attack vector if the directory is compromised. The require() calls are based solely on filesystem data, which could be manipulated by an attacker to load malicious modules. No malicious code is present within the code snippet itself, and the pattern is typical for plugin systems. The main risk stems from environment security rather than code logic. The malware score is 0, as no malicious code is detected. The obfuscated score is 0, given the code's clarity. The security risk score varies between 0.2 and 0.6 across reports, reflecting the potential for exploitation if directory integrity is weak. A balanced assessment suggests a moderate risk score around 0.5, considering the environment's security posture.",
  "conclusion": "The code itself is benign but relies heavily on environment security. If the parser directory is compromised, malicious modules could be loaded and executed. The malware and obfuscated scores are appropriate at 0. The overall security risk is moderate (~0.5), emphasizing the importance of validating or sandboxing modules and securing the directory. No evidence of malicious activity or obfuscation is present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}