{
  "purpose": "This code is a plugin/theme for Docusaurus, a static site generator, responsible for managing Brython (Python in the browser) modules, assets, and configuration for live Python execution in the generated site.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables, filesystem (fs-extra), static configuration, and code content of local '.py' files.",
  "sinks": "Filesystem write operations (copyFile, ensureDir, readdir, readFile), HTML script injection (injectHtmlTags), setting global data for site configuration.",
  "flows": "Reads assets and local Python modules from filesystem; copies assets; loads and processes Python modules; injects scripts into HTML; sets global site data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code execution. The code dynamically injects scripts, but does so from trusted local sources or remote URLs configured by options. Uses regex to parse import statements in Python code, which is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages static assets, Python modules, and configuration for embedding Brython scripts. It copies assets during development, loads local Python files, extracts import dependencies from them, and injects corresponding scripts into HTML. No obfuscated code, no dynamic execution of untrusted input, nor suspicious network activity is present. Environment variables are used for configuration, but no sensitive secrets are hardcoded. Files are read and written in a controlled manner, and HTML injection is based on local or remote URLs supplied via options. The code does not exhibit signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. It appears to be a legitimate plugin for managing Brython modules within a static site context.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard plugin for managing Brython modules and assets in a Docusaurus project. It handles file operations, configuration, and HTML script injection in a controlled, expected manner. There are no signs of malicious or sabotage code, no suspicious network activity, or hardcoded secrets. Its behavior aligns with its purpose, and it operates within typical boundaries of a static site plugin.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}