{
  "purpose": "This code sets up a Docusaurus theme plugin for loading Brython modules and assets, handling static files, and injecting scripts into HTML pages.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), filesystem reads (fs.readdirSync, fs.readFile), network URLs (libDir if remote), and static assets.",
  "sinks": "Dynamically injects script tags with module contents into HTML, copies assets to static directories, and loads external scripts via script tags with src attributes.",
  "flows": "Reads local assets and modules, copies assets to static directories, reads Python modules for injection, injects scripts into HTML head and body, sets global data for configuration.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious hardcoded URLs; dynamic loading from local filesystem or remote URLs is standard. The extractImports function performs regex matching for import statements, which is typical. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard setup for a Docusaurus plugin handling Brython scripts and assets. It reads files, copies assets, and injects scripts into HTML. It checks whether assets should be loaded from local or remote sources. There is no indication of malicious payloads, backdoors, or data exfiltration. The code does not perform any network connections or data transmissions outside loading scripts and assets. No suspicious behavior such as code injection, data leakage, or malicious data handling is detected. It focuses solely on managing static resources and injecting scripts for client-side execution.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical plugin setup for loading Brython modules and assets in a static site generator. There are no signs of malicious intent or security risks within this module. It properly handles static files and script injection without suspicious patterns or behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}