{
  "purpose": "This script is a Grunt task plugin that automates processing of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files for build optimization, such as replacing script/style references with optimized versions and updating build configurations.",
  "sources": "User-supplied HTML files, JavaScript source files, and configuration files specified in Gruntfile.",
  "sinks": "File reads and writes, and modifications to Grunt configuration objects; potential execution points for processing external data.",
  "flows": "HTML and other template files are read as input, processed through custom processors (HTMLProcessor, CSSProcessor), and then written back to disk; configuration objects are dynamically built based on the processed files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are evident. The code uses standard modules and patterns. No obfuscated or malicious code is present. It uses external libraries for processing but does not execute or evaluate external code dynamically.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Grunt multi-task 'usemin' that processes HTML files to replace references with optimized assets, utilizing custom processor modules. It also defines 'useminPrepare' for configuring build tasks based on HTML markup. Both tasks perform file expansions, read file contents, and update Grunt configurations accordingly. The logic involves file reading/writing, pattern matching, and configuration generation. There is no code execution based on untrusted input, no network activity, or other malicious behavior observed. All functions and modules appear to be standard build processing routines. The code does not handle any sensitive data or credentials, nor does it contain any signs of malware such as data exfiltration, remote command execution, or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard Grunt plugin for build automation with no signs of malicious behavior. It operates within expected parameters for a build script, manipulating files and configurations for optimizing web assets. There are no anomalies or suspicious patterns indicative of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}