{
  "purpose": "Enhances logging by capturing call stack info, redirecting logs to a file, and adding timestamped, colorized, and source-located logs.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from console methods (log, warn, error), captures call stack via global __stack getter, reads from filesystem to create log file.",
  "sinks": "Console output with augmented info, writing to log file via fs.createWriteStream.",
  "flows": "Console methods invoke overridden functions that prepend timestamp, source info, and call stack details before output; logs are written to file.",
  "anomalies": "Immediate process exit after writing 'fo' to log file; commented-out stream redirection code; global __stack property for call stack retrieval.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a global property to retrieve call stack info, creates a write stream to a log file, writes 'fo' then ends the stream, and exits immediately. It overrides console methods to include timestamp, filename, function name, and line number, using the call stack info. Commented code suggests previous or potential stream redirection. No network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads are present. The behavior appears to be for debugging or enhanced logging purposes. The immediate process exit is unusual but not malicious. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscation or malware indicators. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk~0.1-0.2) are consistent with the benign, debugging nature of the code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a debugging utility that captures call stack info, redirects logs, and enhances console output with timestamps and source info. It does not contain malicious behavior or obfuscation. The scores and assessments across reports are accurate and appropriate. The low risk score reflects minor concerns about process exit and potential misuse, but overall, the code is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}