{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a set of Vue.js components and controls for integrating Mapbox maps, geocoding, markers, geometries, and various controls, intended for use in web mapping applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from component props, injected dependencies ('vmb_map', 'vmb_geogeometry', etc.), and DOM elements. It also imports external libraries such as mapbox-gl, @mapbox/mapbox-gl-geocoder, and others.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include map control methods (addControl, removeControl), layer and source modifications (addLayer, removeLayer, setPaintProperty, setData), and event handlers. These can be exploited if untrusted data or malicious code is injected via props or external sources.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props and injected dependencies into map control creation and configuration, with updates via watchers. User input, such as geocoder input or map interactions, can flow into event emitters. Malicious payloads could be introduced via props like 'source', 'center', or 'mapStyle', and then propagated into map layers or controls.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive usage of dynamic imports, deferred promises, and reactive data handling. There are no evident hardcoded credentials or backdoors. No suspicious network activity, reverse shells, or data exfiltration code is present. The code seems structured for legitimate map control operations. However, the code includes the MIT license text, which is standard. No obfuscated or minified malicious code detected. No unusual or unexpected code behaviors or hidden code segments are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines Vue.js components for map visualization and control, with standard practices for reactive data, event handling, and map manipulation. It uses dependencies like mapbox-gl and related plugins safely. There are no signs of malware such as data theft, system manipulation, or network exfiltration. The code reads from props and dependencies, then invokes map controls and updates map layers accordingly. The presence of deferred promises and reactive state management is typical for Vue integrations. No suspicious code patterns, obfuscated code, or malicious signals are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate Vue.js wrapper for Mapbox GL map controls, geometries, and related features. It does not show any signs of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or sabotage. The code is well-structured, uses common external libraries safely, and does not contain hidden or suspicious operations. Based on current analysis, the risk of malware or security threats from this module is extremely low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}