{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of Vue components and utility functions for integrating Mapbox GL maps and geometries into a web application. It manages map controls, geometries, markers, and events, primarily intended for creating interactive maps with various features.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component props (e.g., map options, geometries, markers), and from injected dependencies (e.g., 'vmb_map', 'vmb_geogeometry', 'vmb_marker'). It also accesses navigator.userAgent for browser detection. Data is passed via function parameters and component lifecycle hooks.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows include user input into geocoder input fields, event handlers that emit events, and setting map properties or geometries based on props. Notably, geocoder query input, event callbacks, and property updates could accept malicious input if not validated.",
  "flows": "Sources such as user input in geocoder input or external functions (e.g., localGeocoder, externalGeocoder) flow into map controls and geometries. These inputs may trigger map queries or updates. Sinks occur when these inputs are used in map methods like query, setStyle, flyTo, or when geometries are updated based on external data. Event handlers propagate data via emitted events.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The code contains extensive component definitions, lifecycle hooks, and utility functions typical for map integrations. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. No hidden network requests or system commands are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive Vue.js map integration library that defines multiple components for map controls, geometries, and event handling. It uses promises and deferred objects for asynchronous map and geometry management. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system command execution, or network connections to suspicious domains are observed. The code does utilize user agent detection to handle Safari-specific behavior, which is benign. All data flows appear related to map rendering and user interaction, with no indications of sabotage or malware. The inclusion of licensing comments and proper component setup suggests legitimate intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, feature-rich Mapbox map component library for Vue.js with no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It reads user input and map data but does not perform any suspicious operations beyond normal map management. The security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}