{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of Vue components and utility functions for integrating Mapbox GL maps and geometries into a web application, supporting map controls, geometries, markers, and events.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input properties, injected Vue instances, and DOM elements (e.g., map container, input elements). It also accesses the Mapbox access token and map object instances.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include map control methods (addControl, removeControl, setStyle, flyTo), layer and source manipulations, popup and marker interactions, and event emissions that could handle untrusted input or trigger undesired actions.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input data (props, injected instances, DOM elements) flows into map and geometry creation and updates. Event listeners and emitted events relay data such as search results, map interactions, or geometry changes. These flows are mostly controlled and intended for map interactions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures detected. Code contains standard Vue and Mapbox GL integration patterns. No signs of malicious data exfiltration, system commands, or network connections to suspicious domains. The large size and numerous components might be used to obfuscate intent, but no malicious activity is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically integrates Mapbox GL with Vue components, managing map instances, controls, geometries, markers, and events. It uses deferred promises, inject/provide mechanisms, and reactive watchers for dynamic updates. All external inputs are through props or Vue context, with no evident unsafe code execution or external network activity. No hardcoded secrets, environment variable leaks, or insecure operations are detected. The functions handling DOM elements and data are aligned with standard map component patterns. No obfuscation or unusual language features are present that suggest malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a comprehensive, standard Vue integration library for Mapbox GL, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It primarily manages map rendering, geometries, and events in a controlled manner. The malware score is low, and the security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}