{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Vue.js-based mapping library using Mapbox GL JS, including components for maps, markers, geometries, controls, and events. Its purpose is to facilitate the creation and interaction with interactive maps within a Vue application.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from component props, injected dependencies ('vmb_map', 'vmb_geogeometry', etc.), and DOM references. No external untrusted input sources are explicitly read during runtime within this code.",
  "sinks": "Data is emitted via Vue events, set on map controls and geometries (e.g., 'result', 'error', 'loading', 'create', 'update', 'delete'). Map and geometry objects are manipulated to add/remove layers, sources, and controls. No indications of untrusted data being sent over network or written to files.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (props, injected dependencies) flows into map and geometry configurations. Event handlers propagate results and state updates via Vue's emit. Map layers and sources are dynamically added or removed based on props and state changes. No suspicious or hidden flows identified.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or dynamic code execution. All code appears to be standard Vue component setup for Mapbox GL JS. No backdoors, data leaks, or malicious behaviors are evident. The large code base is well-structured and includes standard license headers.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive Vue.js mapping library integrating Mapbox GL JS components and controls. It includes mechanisms for adding/removing layers, geometries, markers, and controls, with event propagation and reactive data flow. No external malicious input sources or sinks are found. The code does not send data over the network, connect to suspicious domains, or perform reverse shells. No code obfuscation or malware signatures are present. The license header is standard and does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code functions as a map component library with no malicious behaviors detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard open-source Vue.js Mapbox GL JS component library with no signs of malicious or sabotage behavior. It is designed for map rendering, interaction, and geometry management within a Vue application, with no evidence of malware or supply chain security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}