{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Webpack configuration for bundling JavaScript, CSS, and HTML assets for a web project, optimizing assets for development mode.",
  "sources": "Paths and file patterns for source files in 'src' directory, environment variables, and included modules such as 'path', 'mini-css-extract-plugin', 'terser-webpack-plugin', 'size-plugin', and 'optimize-css-assets-webpack-plugin'.",
  "sinks": "File output in 'dist' directory; potential for code or asset injection via source files; use of plugins that process and optimize code/assets.",
  "flows": "Source files (JS, SCSS, HTML) are processed through loaders and plugins, with outputs written to 'dist' directory. The configuration controls build process but does not execute or execute untrusted data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors observed. Usage of standard plugins and loaders with typical configurations. No dynamic code execution or network activity evident.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a standard Webpack build configuration for a web project. It specifies entry points, output files, rules for processing JavaScript, SCSS, and HTML files, and includes optimization plugins. All modules and plugins are commonly used for asset bundling and minification. No suspicious or malicious code, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. The configuration does not handle untrusted input, does not perform network operations, nor include any obfuscated or suspicious code patterns. The plugins and loaders are used for standard asset processing and optimization, consistent with typical build processes.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate Webpack configuration for building a web project. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior, and no security risks are identified. The configuration is typical and safe for standard development workflows.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}