{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript class for creating and managing a Zeebe standalone cluster on AWS Fargate, including networking, security, and container configuration.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from constructor parameters (scope, id, properties), environment variables within container definitions, and configuration options for network and volume setups.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include environment variables (e.g., JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS, ZEEBE_BROKER_DATA_DISKUSAGECOMMANDWATERMARK), container image sources, and network port configurations that could be exploited if misconfigured.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters to configuration objects, environment variables, and container/image setup; environment variables and container images are set based on class properties and options.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials; environment variables appear to be standard JVM options and Zeebe configs; container images are referenced from public registries. The code dynamically constructs configurations but does not include suspicious code, backdoors, or malicious network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs AWS resources (security groups, ECS cluster, Fargate service, task definitions) for deploying Zeebe. Environment variables and container images are set according to properties, with no hardcoded secrets or suspicious network connections. The code uses standard AWS CDK constructs and container image sources. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The container image sources are public and related to Zeebe, with no indication of malicious behavior. Environment variables contain JVM options and Zeebe-specific configs, which are standard for such deployments. Overall, the code is focused on infrastructure setup and configuration, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard AWS CDK construct for deploying Zeebe on Fargate. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage signs. Its purpose is to facilitate Zeebe cluster setup with configurable parameters. No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or malicious network activity are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}