{
  "purpose": "The script is a Grunt task plugin designed to extract and move Browserify source maps to separate files, aiding in source map management during build processes.",
  "sources": "Input sources include the 'src' property of each file group specified in the Grunt configuration, which are read via 'fs.readFileSync'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sink points include writing to the file system with 'grunt.file.write' and emitting warnings via 'grunt.log.warn'.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the source file read ('fs.readFileSync') into a resumer stream, which is piped through the exorcist module, and finally written out to a destination file via 'grunt.file.write'.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code performs standard file handling and stream piping with known modules. The use of 'resumer' and 'exorcist' appears to be for legitimate source map extraction. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are detected. No dynamic code execution or suspicious network activity is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Grunt task to process source map files by extracting them using 'exorcist'. It reads the source file synchronously, streams it through 'resumer', pipes it through 'exorcist', and writes the output to a specified destination. Error handling is performed via the 'fail' function, which logs warnings and throws errors. The use of standard modules and clear logic indicates typical build script behavior. There are no signs of malicious intent, data exfiltration, or backdoors. All operations are related to source map file processing, and no external network activity or insecure practices are apparent.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs legitimate build-related tasks to manage source maps in a JavaScript project. It uses standard modules and techniques with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. The code appears safe and intended for development tooling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}