{
  "purpose": "This code defines various React Native components for rendering and manipulating SVG items, including support for asynchronous loading and editing features. It facilitates SVG element creation, transformation, interaction, and export within a React Native application.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data primarily from component props, such as 'info' objects, attribute values, and external image URLs. It also reads from imported modules like 'react-native-fs' for file reading and 'svgson' for SVG serialization.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include 'RNFS.readFile' which reads local files and converts them to base64 for image sources, and 'stringify' from 'svgson' for exporting SVG data. User interactions like text input and gestures could alter internal state but do not directly lead to security risks.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and external sources into component state; image URLs are fetched and transformed into base64; SVG data is serialized for export. No evidence of untrusted data being sent over the network or executed as code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. Usage of 'react-native-fs' for reading files could be exploited if supplied with malicious 'href' attributes, but this is a legitimate use case. No dynamic code execution, eval, or obfuscated code observed. The 'console.log' statements are standard for debugging. Custom attributes like 'devjeff:*' are used internally and do not pose security issues.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles SVG rendering, transformation, and user interaction within a React Native context. It employs safe data handling practices, such as parsing attribute values, converting URLs to base64 images, and serializing SVGs. External dependencies are used in standard ways, and no malicious behavior like network exfiltration, code injection, or reverse shells is evident. The file reading via 'react-native-fs' is a legitimate feature for local image handling; it does not suggest malicious intent but should be used cautiously if file URLs are externally supplied. No suspicious dynamic code evaluation or obfuscation is present. Overall, the code appears to be well-structured for its purpose without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex but standard React Native component implementation for SVG manipulation. It does not contain malicious behavior or supply chain security threats. Its use of file reading and data serialization is consistent with legitimate features, and there are no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}