{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React component for rendering and interacting with an organizational chart, including features like zoom, pan, export to PDF/PNG, and node hierarchy manipulation.",
  "sources": "Inputs include props (datasource, event handlers), user interactions (mouse/touch events), and DOM elements (canvas for export). External dependencies (react, json-digger, html2canvas, jspdf, local service, and ChartNode component).",
  "sinks": "Export functions (canvas.toDataURL, canvas.msToBlob, jsPDF's save), DOM manipulations, and event handlers. Data flows include user-triggered exports, node changes, and interactions which could influence external systems via callback functions.",
  "flows": "User interactions (click, drag, zoom) modify internal state and DOM styles, leading to export functions or hierarchy updates. External dependency functions like 'addChildren' and 'clearSelectedNodeInfo' are invoked during hierarchy change or node selection. Export functions convert DOM to images or PDFs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are observed. The code appears standard for a React-based diagram editor. No signs of malicious code like network connections, system info access, or data exfiltration are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component that manages an organizational chart, allowing user interactions such as panning, zooming, node selection, hierarchy changes, and exporting visuals. It uses external libraries for DOM to image conversions and PDF creation. The 'changeHierarchy' function interacts with a data digger utility and calls a callback for node drops, but it operates on provided data structures without suspicious logic. Export functions generate images or PDFs from DOM elements; they do not perform network requests or access system info. Event handlers and state management appear standard, with no indicators of hidden malicious behavior or malicious data handling.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical implementation of a React-based organizational chart editor. It utilizes common libraries for exporting visuals and manages user interactions safely. There are no signs of malicious code, sabotage, or security risks within this module. Overall, the code appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}