{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component for rendering and managing an organizational chart with features like pan, zoom, export, and node hierarchy changes.",
  "sources": "Reads data from the 'datasource' prop, DOM events for pan/zoom, and external libraries (react, json-digger, html2canvas, jspdf). No direct input sources indicate untrusted data input within this code fragment.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM styles and attributes for visual transformations, triggers file downloads via data URLs, and calls external libraries for exporting images/PDFs. No sinks interact with untrusted data sources in an insecure manner.",
  "flows": "User interactions (click, pan, zoom) flow through event handlers to DOM manipulations and external library functions for exporting images. Data flow from 'datasource' prop to internal state and to child components, with no evidence of data being sent to external endpoints.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code. The code predominantly handles UI interactions, data rendering, and exporting functionalities. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or unusual variable names are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component designed for visualizing hierarchical data with user interaction capabilities. It employs standard libraries for DOM manipulation and exporting content. No signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system compromise are evident. It primarily manipulates data locally and triggers downloads, which is typical for such functionality. The use of libraries like 'json-digger', 'html2canvas', and 'jspdf' is common and does not indicate malicious behavior. There are no hardcoded secrets, network requests to suspicious domains, or code that could lead to security breaches within this snippet.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React component for an organizational chart with standard features. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are detected. It poses no evident security risks based on this code fragment alone.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}