{
  "purpose": "This code manages downloading, extracting, and executing NW.js binaries with optional FFmpeg integration, serving as a runtime launcher and setup utility.",
  "sources": "Reads package.json or manifest.json, environment variables, and command-line arguments to determine configuration and files to process.",
  "sinks": "Downloads binaries, sets file permissions, spawns processes to run NW.js and FFmpeg, and logs progress and status messages.",
  "flows": "Source inputs (config files, environment, CLI args) lead to download and extraction steps, then to execution of binaries, with permission modifications and logging as intermediate steps.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, suspicious network activity, or backdoors detected. Uses standard modules and practices; no unusual code patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward setup and launcher script for NW.js applications, with optional FFmpeg integration. It performs standard download, extraction, permission setting, and process spawning operations. No malicious behavior, obfuscation, or credential leaks are present. The logic is clear, and the code relies on well-known libraries and methods. Given the absence of suspicious network activity, hardcoded secrets, or malicious payloads, the code appears benign. The security risk primarily stems from executing external binaries, which is typical for such utilities but warrants a low security risk score. The malware score is zero, as no malicious intent is evident. Obfuscation is zero, as the code is readable and straightforward.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate setup and runtime launcher for NW.js applications with optional FFmpeg integration. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The low security risk score reflects the inherent risks of executing external binaries but is justified given the benign nature of the code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}