{
  "purpose": "The code implements a JavaScript library for normalizing GraphQL responses, transforming nested GraphQL data into flat entities for easier state management.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data via the 'normalize' function parameter, specifically from the 'data' property. It also reads configuration options from the constructor arguments, and from GraphQL query parsing functions.",
  "sinks": "The code writes normalized entities into a Map cache, which could potentially be exposed externally. No direct network communication or data exfiltration is present. There are no dynamic code execution or unsafe evals.",
  "flows": "Input data is read in the 'normalize' function; it traverses nested objects and arrays, mapping them into flattened entity objects stored in the 'normalized' variable. Cached data can be retrieved or stored in the Map. No external network flow is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive utility functions, but no suspicious or unusual code is apparent. It does include deprecation warnings for options, which is standard. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The only minor concern is the use of console.warn for warnings, which is typical.",
  "analysis": "The code performs data normalization of GraphQL responses with proper handling of nested structures, cache management, and query modifications. It does not contain dynamic code evaluation, network communication, or any data leaks. The caching mechanism is internal. No anomalous behavior such as reverse shells, system info exfiltration, or malicious backdoors is detected. The use of console warnings is benign. The code seems focused on data processing and transformation, with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate GraphQL normalization utility with no detectable malicious behavior. It is well-structured and uses standard practices. There are no signs of malware or malicious data exfiltration, and the security risk appears minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}