{
  "purpose": "The code is a test suite for the 'PM' class, which monitors system metrics such as CPU and RAM usage, emitting events based on overload conditions, and logging metrics over time.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters, environment (via require), and mocked functions; it also listens for events emitted by the 'PM' class instance.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include event handlers that process emitted events like 'overload', 'backToNormal', 'next', and 'error'. Data flows from mocked data sources into 'PM' methods and into event handlers.",
  "flows": "Inputs to PM modules via 'check' and internal data collection flow into the 'avg', 'overloaded', and event emission logic. Event handlers process emitted signals, and test assertions verify outcomes.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code or hidden behaviors. All code appears to be standard unit test code; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious function calls are present. The 'mockModule' and other mocked functions are used for testing purposes only.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive set of unit tests for a monitoring class. It verifies correct property initialization, data collection, event emission, error handling, and multiple module management. No signs of malicious behavior such as network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The code uses standard testing patterns, with clear assertions and event handling. The use of 'require' and event-driven architecture aligns with common Node.js practices. Overall, the code performs legitimate testing of system monitoring features without suspicious or malicious actions.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a normal test suite for a system monitoring class with no indication of malicious intent or security risks. It does not contain malware or suspicious behavior, focusing solely on verifying functionality.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}