{
  "purpose": "This code implements an HTTP/HTTPS server with WebSocket support for media streaming and management of live streams and server info via API routes.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration files (HTTPS key and cert), filesystem for media files, incoming HTTP/WS requests, environment variables (via config), and request parameters.",
  "sinks": "Serves static files, handles API routes, creates WebSocket connections, reads files from disk (media content, SSL certificates), and responds to client requests.",
  "flows": "Request handling begins at HTTP/HTTPS/WS server listeners, passing requests through middleware, static file serving, and API route handling; WebSocket connections invoke onConnect and session management.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials found; no obfuscated or suspicious code patterns; no unusual dynamic code execution. The code uses external config files for sensitive data. No backdoors or malicious network behavior detected. Uses standard libraries and practices.",
  "analysis": "The server sets up HTTP, HTTPS, and WebSocket servers with proper event handling. It reads SSL certificates from files specified in configuration, which is standard. The code includes CORS headers and basic auth protection for API routes, which are standard security measures. No code injection, credential theft, data leaks, or malicious network activity observed. No suspicious code patterns, obfuscated logic, or backdoors are present. The flow is straightforward: handle requests, serve static/media, establish WebSocket connections, and manage sessions. The code appears to be a typical media server implementation with standard security practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears secure with no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware. It functions as a media streaming server with standard security configurations. No malicious or suspicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}