{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Vue.js component for rendering JSON schemas, particularly for processing and displaying schema attributes, parameters, and return values within a web application.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the 'schema' property (Object or Array) passed as a prop, and potentially user interactions such as clicking to expand schema details.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include rendering schema attributes to the DOM, calling methods like show(), and dynamic component loading via Promise-based imports. No unsafe data sinks such as network requests or system commands are directly present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'schema' prop through computed properties and methods to the DOM rendering functions. User interactions (e.g., clicking '...') trigger method calls that alter component state, affecting subsequent rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code patterns are evident. The code uses standard Vue.js component patterns, dynamic component imports, and common schema rendering logic. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Vue.js component that renders JSON schema details, including parameters, return values, and schema properties. It includes computed properties for determining display logic, methods for formatting keys and types, and dynamic import of sub-components such as Description and openeo-json-schema. The component manages visibility state and filters schema data for presentation. No evidence of obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or backdoors is found. The dynamic imports are used for code splitting, not malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate part of a schema visualization tool.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard Vue.js component designed for rendering JSON schemas with no malicious or sabotage behavior detected. It responsibly manages data presentation and component interactions without any suspicious actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}