{
  "purpose": "This code implements a fast Gaussian-like blur effect on pixel data for HTML canvas images, providing a visual filter functionality.",
  "sources": "Reads pixel data from the 'pixels' array; uses 'width', 'height', and 'radius' parameters to process the image.",
  "sinks": "Modifies the 'pixels' array directly, which is the image data, potentially affecting image rendering; no external data or network sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Pixel data is read from 'pixels' array, processed through multiple source-to-sink paths within nested loops, and written back to the same 'pixels' array.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network calls detected. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present. Use of standard image processing techniques; no unusual code patterns or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs in-place pixel manipulation for blurring an image. It uses precomputed tables ('mul_table' and 'shg_table') for efficient calculations. The implementation follows common techniques for box and Gaussian blur approximations, including a stack-based approach for neighboring pixel accumulation. No external data, network communications, or system modifications are present. The functions and variables are standard for image processing, with no signs of malicious code. The module exports the 'blur' function, which is typical for reusable image filters. The code is clear, well-structured, and consistent with expected behavior for such a utility.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of a canvas image blur effect with no detectable malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It processes pixel data locally without external interactions or security risks. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data leaks. The code appears to be a legitimate image processing utility.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}