{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for precise floating-point arithmetic operations (scaling, addition, subtraction, multiplication, division).",
  "sources": "The functions read input data via function parameters, converting them to Numbers, and internally use string manipulation for handling decimal places.",
  "sinks": "Results are returned as floating-point numbers; no direct data leaks or network communications occur within this code.",
  "flows": "Inputs are read from function parameters, processed with conversions and string operations, and results are returned as numbers. There are no external or untrusted data flows beyond the input parameters.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive use of type conversions, splitting numbers into strings for decimal manipulation. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious logic is present. No obfuscation or unusual language features are used. No network or external calls are made. No malicious privacy or credential theft activity detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a set of arithmetic utility functions designed for accurate floating-point calculations. It carefully handles decimal precision by converting numbers to strings, splitting decimal parts, and adjusting numbers accordingly. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, backdoors, or code injection. The logic is straightforward, focusing solely on mathematical precision. No obfuscation or malware indicators are present. The functions operate solely on input parameters and return numerical results, with no external side effects or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard set of precise floating-point arithmetic utilities with no malicious intent or security risks. It performs expected operations with careful handling of decimal places and does not contain any suspicious or harmful code elements.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}