{
  "purpose": "This code is a higher-order component (HOC) for React Native that adds animated progress and rotation behaviors to a wrapped component, typically used for progress indicators or spinners.",
  "sources": "The code reads input props such as 'progress', 'indeterminate', 'direction', and 'indeterminateAnimationDuration'. It also reads component lifecycle events and animation values.",
  "sinks": "It updates Animated.Values ('progress' and 'rotation') and controls animation flows. No direct sinks involve external systems or untrusted data injection.",
  "flows": "Input props influence animation states and values; animated progress and rotation are driven by these inputs; listeners update internal variables; animations recursively invoke 'spin' for indefinite rotation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code's purpose aligns with standard React Native animation practices. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. No external data transmission, system modifications, or privacy violations are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a React Native higher-order component for animated progress indicators. It manages animation states and transitions, including indefinite spinning for indeterminate states, with proper lifecycle management. The logic is straightforward and adheres to common React Native patterns. No malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities are apparent. It does not perform any network communication, system modification, or data leakage. The code uses animation APIs correctly and safely. No anomalies suggest sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard React Native animation HOC with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It properly manages animations and state, with no suspicious operations or external data handling. Overall, it is safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}