{
  "purpose": "This code implements a redux-based undo/redo history management system, allowing actions to modify and traverse application state history.",
  "sources": "Reads include imports from './debug', './actions', and './helpers'. Also reads from arguments 'state' and 'action'. Uses internal variables like 'history', 'res', and functions like 'insert', 'undo', 'redo'.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data. No network, file system, or environment variable access is performed. No data leakage or external communication functions are present.",
  "flows": "State and action data flow through functions like 'insert', 'undo', 'redo', 'jumpToFuture', 'jumpToPast', and 'jump'. These functions manipulate history data structures; no external data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors detected. The code appears to be standard implementation of undo/redo history management for redux states. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or malicious patterns observed.",
  "analysis": "The code provides functions for managing a history stack (past, present, future) with operations like insert, undo, redo, and jump. The 'undoable' higher-order reducer wraps a reducer to add undo/redo capabilities based on dispatched actions. The code imports debugging utilities and action type constants. No network calls, system modifications, or suspicious data handling are present. The logic is straightforward and aligns with typical redux history management patterns. No indicators of malware, malicious intent, or security risks are found. The only potential concern might be if imported modules like './debug' or './actions' contain malicious code, but these are outside the scope of this fragment.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured implementation of redux undo/redo functionality without any malicious behavior or security risks detected within this code snippet. It neither leaks data nor performs any suspicious actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}