{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for date calculations related to birthdays, such as calculating age, days until birthday, days gone since birthday, and formatting date information.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters, notably date strings in the format 'YYYY-MM-DD'. It also accesses the current date via 'new Date()'.",
  "sinks": "Uses date calculations that involve parsing and manipulating date strings; no direct sinks like network, file, or environment variable access are evident.",
  "flows": "Input date strings are parsed into integers; current date is fetched. Calculations are performed to determine days left or gone since certain dates, with no evidence of data leakage or external data transmission.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains some unconventional code formatting and obfuscated-like constructs such as complex inline ternary operations, unnecessary string concatenations, and inconsistent spacing. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code includes source mapping comment, which suggests minification or transpilation, but this alone is not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is focused on date computations for birthdays, including age calculation, days until birthday, days gone since birthday, and formatting day names or numbers. The functions rely on standard JavaScript Date operations. No network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification is evident. The structure is typical of utility libraries, with no obfuscated logic or hidden behavior. The presence of source maps indicates transpiled or minified source code, which is common and not malicious. No anomalies suggest malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a date utility library for birthday-related calculations with no signs of malicious behavior. It performs straightforward date parsing and arithmetic, with no external data transmission or suspicious code features. The obfuscation level is low, and there are no indications of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}