{
  "purpose": "The code functions as a load testing utility that generates network traffic using multiple worker processes, configurable delays, and optional throttling via a proxy. It manages request generation, worker coordination, and statistical reporting.",
  "sources": "CLI arguments via gh.args(), configuration files (config.js), environment variables, and network responses from HTTP requests.",
  "sinks": "Network requests made through http.request, inter-process messages between master and workers, and internal counters tracking response codes and request counts.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from CLI/configs into request setup and worker control logic; requests are dispatched via request functions, responses update counters, and messages are exchanged between master and workers to coordinate shutdown and stats collection.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. The presence of 'exec' is noted but not actively used or manipulated with external input, minimizing risk. The code structure is complex but consistent with load testing tools.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive load testing framework with multi-process management, request throttling, and configurable parameters. It employs standard modules and external dependencies. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The use of proxies for throttling and the extensive configuration options are typical for such tools. The code does not perform any unsafe operations like arbitrary command execution with external input. The counters and message passing facilitate detailed stats collection. Overall, the code is a legitimate load generator intended for performance testing, not malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, configurable load testing utility with no evidence of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or backdoors. Its design and structure align with standard performance testing tools. The low security risk score (0.2) is appropriate, reflecting potential misuse if misconfigured but not inherent maliciousness.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}