{
  "purpose": "The code provides React components and theme setup for displaying snackbars (notifications) in a web application, utilizing Material-UI components and custom styles.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from component props (e.g., message, onAction, onRemove, id, status), React hooks (useState, useEffect, useCallback), and context. Environment variables are not explicitly accessed. No external untrusted input sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is rendering React components (Snackbar, SnackbarContainer) which display messages, actions, and UI elements. There are no evident data leaks or external network actions triggered within this code.",
  "flows": "Input props flow into UI components for display. State management via React hooks controls snackbar visibility and lifecycle. User interactions (clicks, timeouts) invoke functions to close or remove snackbars. No external network requests or data exfiltration are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code or hardcoded secrets are detected. The code uses standard React and Material-UI patterns. There are no obfuscated code segments, hidden functions, or suspicious dynamic behaviors. The styling and component logic appear typical for a notification system.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a snackbar notification system with React components, context management, and theming. It manages snackbar display with timed auto-dismissal, user actions, and responsive positioning. No malicious behavior such as network data exfiltration, backdoors, or unauthorized system access is present. The logic is straightforward and focused solely on UI notifications.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate React notification component implementation with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It handles UI presentation of snackbars securely without external network or data access beyond React state and props.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}