{
  "purpose": "This code provides a React-based UI component library, including Snackbar notifications, theme customization, and global styles for a web application.",
  "sources": "Data inputs are primarily from component props such as 'message', 'variant', 'onAction', and internal state variables like 'snackbars'. The code reads environment-like variables only through standard React and Material-UI APIs, with no direct external data sources or user input handling outside props.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs UI elements via React rendering, including Snackbar components with messages, actions, and styling. No direct data leaks or insecure data handling mechanisms are evident. No network communication, file access, or sensitive data handling occurs within this code segment.",
  "flows": "Input props (messages, actions) are used to control Snackbar display. State management adds/removes snackbars based on user interaction or timers. The code creates UI flows without external network or system interaction.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. The code uses standard React and Material-UI patterns. All resource imports are from common open-source packages; no obfuscation or dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a UI component library with theming and notification functionalities. It employs React hooks, context, and Material-UI components to display snackbars with auto-dismissal and user action options. No external data sources, network calls, or environment variable leaks are involved. The only potential concern is the hardcoded 'dismissAfter' duration, which is a fixed timeout, but this is standard behavior. The code structure and dependencies are typical for a React project and do not contain malicious behaviors or suspicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React UI component library for snackbars and theming. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data leaks, or supply chain security attacks. It functions as intended for UI presentation with no security risks detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}