{
  "purpose": "This code defines React components and theming for a snackbar notification system using Material-UI, providing context and styling for UI elements.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from React components, theme configuration, and imported dependencies (@mui/material, react, @mui/icons-material/Close). No direct user input or external data sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "The code updates UI state via React hooks and renders React components. No direct data leak, network request, or system command execution occurs.",
  "flows": "The data flows from component props (message, variant, etc.) through React state and hooks, ultimately rendering UI elements; no untrusted data processing or external system calls are identified.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes numerous require statements for font sources, theme definitions, and UI component setup. No obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or suspicious behavior is apparent. All dependencies are standard UI libraries and fonts, with no suspicious network or system interaction.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of a React-based snackbar notification system, including context management, theming, and component rendering. There are no signs of malicious intent such as network communication, data exfiltration, or code injection. The only potentially sensitive parts involve theme customization and component states, but these are standard in UI frameworks. The code is well-structured, and no unusual or suspicious patterns are observed. External dependencies are legitimate and widely used libraries. Overall, the code appears benign and intended for user interface purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical React UI component implementation for snackbars with theming support. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware indicators are detected. It functions as intended for UI notification purposes without any suspicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}