{
  "purpose": "This code defines TypeScript/Flow type declarations and interfaces for the 'reactive-di' library, used for dependency injection and reactive programming in JavaScript.",
  "sources": "Type annotations, interface declarations, and type aliases within the module 'reactive-di'. No runtime input or external data sources are directly read; the code primarily declares types and interfaces.",
  "sinks": "No runtime data processing, no functions or methods that handle untrusted input, or perform data leaks. No explicit data sinks or network operations present.",
  "flows": "Since this is type declaration code, there are no data flow paths, especially not from source to sink. It only establishes the shape of data and component interfaces.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive type declarations, interfaces, and module augmentation for a dependency injection library. There are no executable statements, network operations, or dynamic code execution. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious patterns are observed. The presence of the '@flow' comment indicates Flow type annotations, which are static and do not execute at runtime.",
  "analysis": "The provided code is purely declarative, defining types and interfaces for a dependency injection and reactive programming library. It includes component definitions, provider types, annotations, and plugin interfaces. No logic, data processing, or runtime code is present that could be malicious. The code structure follows standard type declaration patterns. No obfuscation, suspicious patterns, or malicious behavior is detectable within static type definitions. Because it is type declaration only, it poses no security risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of static type declarations and interface definitions for a React-based dependency injection library. It contains no executable or network code, no data manipulation, and no apparent malicious patterns. It appears safe and intended for type safety purposes only.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}