{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Leaflet control for selecting line segments on a map, including marker handling, selection management, and spatial computations.",
  "sources": "require statements for 'leaflet', './geometry', './marker', './endpoint', './selection', and 'rbush'; event handlers for map and marker interactions; input parameters for enabling/disabling the control; options for styling and behavior.",
  "sinks": "Event triggers such as 'click', 'select:start', 'select:end', 'selection', 'reset'; modifications of marker and layer positions; spatial calculations; loading data into spatial index (RBush).",
  "flows": "User interactions (clicks, drags, mouse moves) trigger event handlers that read map and marker positions (sources), perform spatial calculations, update marker/selection states (sinks), and possibly fire events or modify internal state.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are detected. The code uses typical spatial calculations, event handling, and spatial index structures. No data leaks, network connections, or cryptomining code observed. No obfuscated code or unusual language features present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured Leaflet control for selecting segments of a polyline. It handles user interactions, spatial computations (distance, nearest point, segment point), and manages markers and selections. It uses external libraries ('leaflet', 'rbush') for spatial indexing and map operations. All event handlers and methods serve legitimate map interaction purposes. No suspicious or malicious logic, network activity, or backdoors are present. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets or unusual behavior. It appears to be a standard implementation of a map selection tool with no indicators of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Leaflet control for line segment selection. It performs spatial computations, handles user interactions, and manages map features securely. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}