{
  "purpose": "This code is a PostCSS plugin designed to convert pixel units ('px') to viewport units ('vw' or 'vh') in CSS files, based on user-configurable options such as viewport width and height, for responsive design purposes.",
  "sources": "Data is read from CSS rule selectors, declaration properties and values, source file paths, and comment annotations within the CSS AST nodes.",
  "sinks": "Generated CSS output with replaced units; potential manipulation of CSS rules and declarations, but no direct data leaks or system interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Source data (CSS selectors, properties, source file paths, comments) flow into processing functions that selectively replace 'px' units with 'vw' units, respecting ignore comments, file inclusion/exclusion, and media query conditions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic. The code does perform file-based filtering, but this is typical for a CSS processing plugin. No network activity, system modification, or obfuscated code detected. Usage of comments to ignore processing is normal, and no malicious obfuscation features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard PostCSS plugin for converting 'px' units to viewport units based on provided options. It includes safeguards such as selector blacklists and comment annotations for skipping specific declarations. The plugin handles media queries, different viewport orientations, and filtering of files via include/exclude patterns. No network calls, system modifications, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code is well-structured, with no signs of obfuscation, malicious payloads, or malicious data exfiltration. The only potential concern is its capacity to modify CSS output, but this is inherent to its purpose, not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "This is a legitimate CSS unit conversion plugin intended for responsive design. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. No security risks are identified beyond the normal scope of CSS processing. The code is transparent, well-structured, and adheres to expected practices for such a plugin.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}