{
  "purpose": "This code provides pluralization functions supporting various locales, based on data from CLDR, to be used in internationalization processes.",
  "sources": "Reads include the 'normalize', 'forms', 'indexOf', 'plural', 'o_indexOf', and 'ordinal' functions, which process locale data and numerical input. The code also imports locale-specific plural rules via the 'add' function.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data sources could be external locale identifiers and numeric values passed to 'plural', 'indexOf', or 'ordinal' functions, which could influence output. However, these are internal computations; no direct sinks for data leakage or external system effects are present.",
  "flows": "Input locale strings and numeric values flow through 'normalize' and 'indexOf'/'ordinal' functions, determining plural category indices, then mapping to plural forms. No external network, file, or system modification occurs.",
  "anomalies": "The code primarily comprises static data, regex-based normalization, and locale-specific rules. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. The code appears to be auto-generated and focused on data processing.",
  "analysis": "The script defines functions for locale normalization, plural form determination, and mapping of numerical input to plural categories. It uses regex for locale string handling and caches rules for efficiency. The 'add' function populates rules for multiple locales, each with their own pluralization logic. The code is structured as an IIFE, making it self-contained. No system calls, network activity, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The code's focus is on data transformation based on locale rules, with no malicious behaviors or external system interactions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, auto-generated pluralization library based on CLDR data. It performs locale normalization and applies predefined rules without any suspicious or malicious behavior. No signs of malware, backdoors, or security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}