{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom HTML element 'el-icon' that dynamically displays SVG icons based on a given name attribute. It loads SVG path data from a predefined object and injects it into an SVG element within the custom component.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'name' attribute of the custom element, which determines which SVG path from 'IconSvgPaths' to display.",
  "sinks": "The innerHTML of the SVG element's innerHTML is set directly from 'IconSvgPaths[newValue]'. The 'newValue' is controlled by the 'name' attribute, which could be manipulated by an attacker. The code also sets the 'stroke-width' attribute directly from an attribute value.",
  "flows": "The flow involves reading the 'name' attribute (source), retrieving corresponding SVG path data from 'IconSvgPaths' (data), and assigning it to the innerHTML of the SVG element (sink). Similarly, 'stroke-width' attribute is set from an attribute value.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically injects SVG path data into the DOM based on a potentially untrusted attribute 'name'. The 'name' attribute value is used directly as a key into 'IconSvgPaths' without validation, which could result in injection of malicious SVG code if 'name' is manipulated. No validation or sanitization is performed on 'name'.",
  "analysis": "The script creates a custom element that loads predefined SVG path strings from 'IconSvgPaths'. When the 'name' attribute changes, it updates the innerHTML of the embedded SVG with the corresponding path data. Since the SVG path data is hardcoded in 'IconSvgPaths', there is no direct user input. However, the 'name' attribute is an external attribute that can be controlled by the user. If an attacker sets 'name' to a key that exists in 'IconSvgPaths', the corresponding SVG path will be injected. This is controlled and limited to predefined data, so injection of arbitrary code is unlikely. There are no network requests, no access to environment variables, and no operations that could leak data. The code does not contain hidden backdoors, external network calls, or suspicious behavior. The only potential concern is the use of innerHTML without validation, but since the source is static and predefined, risk is low. The 'stroke-width' attribute is set directly from the attribute value, which could be manipulated, but this does not pose a significant security threat. Overall, the code appears safe with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a custom icon component that injects predefined SVG paths based on a controlled attribute. There are no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. The only minor concern is the reliance on user-controlled attribute 'name' without validation, but given the predefined set of paths, this is low risk. No malware or malicious data leakage is present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}