{
  "purpose": "Define a custom HTML element 'el-icon' to render SVG icons based on specified names, dynamically updating SVG paths and stroke-width attributes.",
  "sources": "The code reads the 'name' and 'stroke-width' attributes of the custom element. It also accesses the 'IconSvgPaths' object containing SVG path data for icons.",
  "sinks": "The innerHTML of this.svgImage is set directly from 'IconSvgPaths' based on the 'name' attribute. The 'stroke-width' attribute is set directly on the SVG element. These are potential sinks where untrusted input could affect the DOM or SVG rendering.",
  "flows": "The 'attributeChangedCallback' method links the 'name' attribute to set innerHTML from 'IconSvgPaths'. When 'name' changes, the corresponding SVG path is injected into the SVG element's innerHTML. The 'stroke-width' attribute updates the SVG stroke width directly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are present. SVG paths are static and hardcoded within the 'IconSvgPaths' object. The dynamic update of innerHTML from this object based on 'name' is controlled by attribute changes, with no evident external input injection vulnerabilities. The code does not perform any network requests, data leaks, or execute any dynamic code outside DOM updates.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom element that uses an internal template to render SVG icons. SVG path data is stored statically in the 'IconSvgPaths' object. When the 'name' attribute of the element changes, the corresponding SVG path is injected into the SVG element's innerHTML, and 'stroke-width' is updated if specified. There are no user inputs or external data sources involved, and the SVG content is static and predefined. No malicious code, hidden backdoors, or external network activity are present. The code relies solely on attribute changes to modify DOM content, which is a typical pattern and not suspicious. The overall structure is standard, with no obfuscation or dynamic code execution.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a straightforward implementation of a custom icon element rendering static SVG paths based on attributes. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks. The code functions as intended without any suspicious or malicious logic.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}