{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom HTML element 'el-icon' that displays SVG icons based on a specified 'name' attribute, using predefined SVG path data.",
  "sources": "The code reads attributes 'name' and 'stroke-width' from the custom element; it also uses internal predefined SVG path data stored in the 'IconSvgPaths' object.",
  "sinks": "InnerHTML assignment to 'this.svgImage.innerHTML' with values from 'IconSvgPaths'; setting 'stroke-width' attribute on SVG element.",
  "flows": "The 'name' attribute value from the element flows into 'innerHTML' of the SVG, rendering the icon paths; 'stroke-width' attribute value flows into the SVG element's attribute.",
  "anomalies": "The code directly assigns SVG path data from a predefined object into 'innerHTML' without sanitization, which is expected since data is static; no external inputs are used or processed.",
  "analysis": "The script creates a custom element 'el-icon' with observed attributes 'name' and 'stroke-width'. It initializes a shadow DOM with a template containing an SVG element and style. When 'name' changes, it updates the SVG's innerHTML with a path from 'IconSvgPaths', which are static, hardcoded SVG path strings. The 'stroke-width' attribute is set directly on the SVG element. No external input, user input, or environment variables are read or used. The SVG paths are static and predefined, with no code execution or dynamic evaluation. No network connections, data leakage, or system modifications are present. The code does not contain obfuscated or malicious code, backdoors, or hidden actions. It functions purely to display icons based on attribute values, with no indication of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign implementation of a custom icon component that renders static SVG icons. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The approach of setting innerHTML with static, predefined SVG data is safe, and there are no observable security issues or anomalies.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}