{
  "purpose": "Define a custom HTML element ('el-icon') to render SVG icons based on predefined SVG path data, allowing dynamic icon display via attribute changes.",
  "sources": "The code reads the 'name' and 'stroke-width' attributes of the custom element. It also accesses the 'IconSvgPaths' object for SVG path data.",
  "sinks": "The innerHTML of 'svg' element is set dynamically based on 'name' attribute, which can potentially inject SVG path data from 'IconSvgPaths'. The 'stroke-width' attribute is set directly on the SVG element.",
  "flows": "Source (attribute 'name') -> SVG innerHTML set from 'IconSvgPaths' -> rendered SVG in shadow DOM. Attribute 'stroke-width' -> set as attribute on SVG element.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The code uses static SVG path data, which is safe. No dynamic code execution or network activity present. The use of innerHTML to set SVG paths is controlled via predefined data, reducing injection risk.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a set of SVG path strings associated with icon names in 'IconSvgPaths'. The custom element 'el-icon' initializes a shadow DOM containing an SVG template, which is cloned for each instance. When the 'name' attribute changes, the innerHTML of the SVG element is updated with the corresponding path data from 'IconSvgPaths'. The 'stroke-width' attribute updates the SVG's 'stroke-width' attribute. No external data, network requests, or executable code are present. SVG path data are static strings, and innerHTML is set from a controlled object. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or data leakage.",
  "conclusion": "The code securely defines a custom icon component that uses static, predefined SVG path data. It does not perform any network operations, does not process untrusted input beyond controlled attribute updates, and lacks malicious or sabotage code. The implementation appears safe and intended for rendering icons.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}