{
  "purpose": "Define a custom HTML element <el-icon> that dynamically displays SVG icons based on a 'name' attribute. It manages SVG icon paths stored in a JavaScript object and updates the icon's SVG content when attributes change.",
  "sources": "The code reads the 'name' and 'stroke-width' attributes of the <el-icon> element. It also reads icon path data from the IconSvgPaths object when updating the innerHTML of the SVG element.",
  "sinks": "The innerHTML of the SVG element is set directly from IconSvgPaths based on the 'name' attribute value. The 'stroke-width' attribute is set on the SVG element. No other direct untrusted data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Source: attribute 'name' (triggering innerHTML update) -> sink: innerHTML of SVG element; Source: attribute 'stroke-width' -> sink: 'stroke-width' attribute of SVG element.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic insertion of SVG path data into innerHTML without sanitization, relying on a predefined set of paths in IconSvgPaths. No external or user-supplied input other than the attributes is directly used. The icon path data are hardcoded and benign SVG snippets. No external network requests, environment variables, or file system access are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom element that observes 'name' and 'stroke-width' attributes. When 'name' changes, the innerHTML of the contained SVG updates to the SVG path data from IconSvgPaths. The 'stroke-width' attribute is updated directly on the SVG element. The SVG paths are static and hardcoded in the object, avoiding code injection risks. The creation of the shadow DOM and the template is straightforward. No code execution, network activity, or secret handling occurs. Overall, the code appears benign and functions solely to display SVG icons based on specified attributes.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a safe, static icon rendering component. It only updates SVG innerHTML from a predefined set of safe, hardcoded SVG path strings. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or data leakage vectors are evident. The risk is minimal, primarily due to the controlled nature of the icon data.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}