{
  "purpose": "Provides a function to compute the quantile of the Wilcoxon signed rank test statistic for a given number of observations, n.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters n and p, as well as dependencies from external modules such as '@stdlib/math-base-assert-is-positive-integer', '@stdlib/utils-constant-function', '@stdlib/math-base-assert-is-finite', '@stdlib/math-base-assert-is-nan', '@stdlib/math-base-special-exp', '@stdlib/constants-float64-ln-two', and './weights.js'.",
  "sinks": "Uses input parameter p in calculations, primarily for comparison and control flow. No direct data leaks or network operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input n is validated and used to compute pui via an exponential function. The quantile function takes p, performs input validation, then iterates, accumulating weighted probabilities from weights(q, n) multiplied by pui, until reaching p. The result q is returned.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns; the code is straightforward and adheres to standard statistical calculation procedures. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code present.",
  "analysis": "The code validates input n to ensure it is a positive finite integer, returning NaN for invalid inputs. It computes pui as an exponential decay based on n, which appears mathematically sound. The nested quantile function handles input p with proper validation, returning NaN for invalid probabilities, and handles edge cases p=0 and p=1 explicitly. The main loop accumulates weighted probabilities from the weights.js dependency until reaching the desired quantile p. There are no signs of malicious network activity, code injection, or data leakage. The dependencies are standard mathematical utilities and a weights function, presumably related to statistical calculations, not malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate statistical utility with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured implementation of a quantile function for the Wilcoxon signed rank test statistic. It performs standard input validation, uses external math libraries appropriately, and contains no suspicious or malicious behavior. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}