{
  "purpose": "Provides a factory function to generate the quantile function for the Wilcoxon signed rank test statistic based on input number of observations.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters n (number of observations) and p (probability) in the factory and quantile functions. Uses imported modules for mathematical checks and calculations.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'weights' module within the quantile function to perform iterative calculations based on weights, which may involve untrusted data if 'weights' is external. No direct sink of untrusted data to network or filesystem.",
  "flows": "Input n is validated, then a constant probability threshold pui is computed. The quantile function iteratively accumulates probability-weighted weights until it exceeds p, then returns q.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies observed. Code performs standard statistical calculations; no hardcoded secrets or unusual constructs. Uses well-known math modules and pattern consistent with statistical functions.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a factory function for the Wilcoxon signed rank test's quantile function. It validates input n to ensure it's a positive, finite integer, returning NaN if invalid. It calculates pui as an exponential decay based on n, which is typical for probabilities in this context. The inner quantile function validates input p and computes the quantile by accumulating weighted probabilities using the weights module until exceeding p. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or malicious side effects. The code appears to be a standard statistical implementation with proper validation and safe mathematical operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a statistical test's quantile function. It performs necessary input validation, uses imported modules responsibly, and does not contain any malicious or suspicious behavior. No malware or security issues are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}