{
  "purpose": "The script generates SQL commands to set up a foreign data wrapper (FDW) for a PostgreSQL database on Heroku, automating the creation of server, user mapping, and foreign table definitions.",
  "sources": "Data sources include environment variables and user-provided arguments (prefix, database), as well as database connection details fetched via pg.fetcher.",
  "sinks": "SQL command output and logs, which include potentially sensitive connection details (user, password, host, database) and SQL statements that execute database configuration.",
  "flows": "User inputs (prefix, database) and environment variables are used to construct SQL commands; database connection info is fetched and injected into SQL statements; output of SQL queries is printed to stdout.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets in code; dynamic SQL construction uses user input, but proper quoting with quote_ident and parameterized input reduces injection risk. The code executes SQL queries to configure database foreign data wrappers, which is typical for setup scripts. No suspicious or malicious code, backdoors, or unusual behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code properly fetches database info and constructs SQL commands with appropriate quoting, reducing injection risks. It automates foreign data wrapper setup without executing untrusted code or connecting to external domains beyond Heroku API calls. Sensitive information is fetched from environment/config and correctly incorporated into SQL statements. No obfuscated code, no hardcoded secrets, no suspicious network activity. The script's purpose is infrastructure setup, and it appears aligned with legitimate database configuration tasks. The logs output commands for user execution, not executing dangerous commands itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate setup script for PostgreSQL foreign data wrappers on Heroku. It securely handles database info, constructs necessary SQL commands, and outputs them for user execution. No malicious intent or malware indications are present. It carries a low security risk, primarily related to potential misuse if user inputs are malicious, but current implementation mitigates such risks effectively.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}