{
  "purpose": "This code defines an Akkio class for interacting with the Akkio API, providing methods to manage models and datasets, and make predictions.",
  "sources": "The primary data sources are API key (constructor parameter), user-supplied parameters in methods (such as model IDs, dataset IDs, rows, and other parameters), and data passed into methods like addRowsToDataset and makePrediction.",
  "sinks": "The data passed into methods such as addRowsToDataset and makePrediction could potentially include sensitive data. API keys are stored in a class property and included in API requests. Network requests send data over HTTPS.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (including API key, IDs, data, and other request-specific parameters) are used to construct API request payloads. These payloads are sent via HTTPS requests to specific endpoints, transmitting data including potentially sensitive information.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code handles data securely with HTTPS, and no unusual code constructs or obfuscation are present. It uses standard Node.js HTTPS request patterns. No dynamic code execution, no suspicious variable names, or hidden behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a class for API interactions, using standard HTTPS request procedures. Data flows from user-provided input into API request bodies, which are then transmitted securely over HTTPS. The API key is stored as an instance variable, which is common practice. No signs of malicious payloads, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. The methods are straightforward wrappers around API endpoints, with no code injection, command execution, or other malicious behaviors. The code’s structure is typical and lacks obfuscation or malware-like patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate API client wrapper with no indicators of malicious behavior. It securely manages API requests and handles user input appropriately. No malware or security risks are evident from the code analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}