{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client interface for interacting with the Akkio API, allowing operations like fetching models, datasets, creating datasets, and making predictions.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as 'key' in the constructor, method parameters including 'id', 'rows', 'name', 'predict_fields', 'ignore_fields', and 'params', as well as data passed to makePrediction.",
  "sinks": "API request payloads that include sensitive data like 'api_key', 'id', 'rows', and other parameters which are sent over HTTPS. These are not dangerous in isolation but could leak sensitive info if misused.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from method parameters and constructor arguments into request payloads. Data such as 'api_key' and 'id' are used in request construction and sent via HTTPS requests. No dynamic code execution or external data flow is evident.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code performs standard API client operations without unusual constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an Akkio class that encapsulates API requests to a remote server over HTTPS, with methods for retrieving and managing models and datasets, and making predictions. Input data is passed directly through method parameters, which are serialized and sent over secure HTTPS connections. There are no signs of obfuscated or malicious code, no dynamic code execution, no suspicious network behavior beyond standard API calls, and no hardcoded secrets. It appears to be a straightforward API client implementation with proper request handling. The code does not include any code injection, data leakage beyond the intended API requests, or hidden backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API client library for Akkio with no apparent malicious intent or security risks. It securely handles API requests and exposes methods for typical API interactions. There are no signs of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}