{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client-side class 'Akkio' for interacting with the Akk.io API, including functionalities such as managing models and datasets, and making predictions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters (e.g., 'params', 'rows', 'data', 'id', 'name'), environment variable 'API_KEY' provided during module initialization.",
  "sinks": "Network requests via 'https.request' to 'api.akk.io' with sensitive data such as 'api_key', 'id', 'rows', 'name', and 'data'. Also logs errors to console.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., 'params', 'rows', 'id') are used to build request data; data flows into HTTPS request options and payloads, then over the network to the external API.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials; usage of environment-supplied API key. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. The code properly encodes parameters and handles responses. No suspicious network activity or backdoors. Error logging is minimal but standard.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs and sends HTTPS requests to an external API ('api.akk.io') for managing models and datasets, with parameters derived directly from function inputs and a provided API key. The API key is supplied at module creation, reducing risk of hardcoded secrets. Data is sent securely via HTTPS, and parameters are encoded properly. No suspicious code or malicious behavior detected such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware-like activity. The network calls are straightforward API interactions. Error handling is limited to console logging but does not indicate malicious intent or hidden behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as an API client for Akk.io, performing typical data and model management operations. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain attacks are present. It appears to be a legitimate API wrapper without malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}