{
  "purpose": "A JavaScript class that provides an API client interface to Akkio's services, handling requests over HTTPS with various methods for dataset and model management, and prediction.",
  "sources": "Method parameters (e.g., 'params', 'id', 'rows', 'name', 'predict_fields', 'ignore_fields', 'data', 'key') used as input data for API requests.",
  "sinks": "HTTPS request options and payloads where untrusted data (parameters, IDs, data) are incorporated into request bodies or URLs, then transmitted over network.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into request payloads and URL query strings, which are then sent via HTTPS to the Akkio API endpoints.",
  "anomalies": "Minor issue: 'req.write(postData)' is called even for GET requests where 'postData' is an empty string; better to conditionally call 'write'. No obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs HTTPS requests based on method and parameters, encoding data appropriately. It handles various API interactions such as fetching models/datasets, creating/deleting datasets, adding rows, parsing datasets, creating models, and making predictions. No obfuscation or malicious code patterns are present. Error handling is minimal but standard; errors are logged to console. The API key is supplied externally, not hardcoded. The network communication is over HTTPS, and data is serialized properly. The only technical note is that 'postData.length' should be replaced with 'Buffer.byteLength(postData)' for accuracy, but this does not impact security. Overall, the code appears benign, with no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward, well-structured API client for Akkio with no malicious intent or security issues. It handles sensitive data over HTTPS, and no suspicious or malicious behavior is detected. The minimal security risk score of 0.2 is appropriate given the context. All reports correctly identify the benign nature of the code, and the scores are justified and consistent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}