{
  "purpose": "This code provides a utility function to rescale numeric arrays to a specified range, primarily for data normalization purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'input' array parameter and optional configuration parameters from the 'options' object, including 'output', 'min', 'max', and 'autoMinMax'. It also requires external modules ('is-any-array', 'ml-array-max', 'ml-array-min') for validation and calculations.",
  "sinks": "The main data output occurs through the 'output' array, which is either provided or instantiated within the function. No untrusted data is sent over the network or stored persistently; the function operates purely in-memory.",
  "flows": "Input array data is validated, then min/max values are calculated from the input, and the data is linearly rescaled to the specified range. No external or untrusted data flows beyond the function's scope.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward, with standard array operations and dependency use. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The use of external modules is typical for such data processing tasks.",
  "analysis": "The function performs validation on the input array and optional output array, then calculates current min and max values from the input data. It checks for edge cases like constant arrays where min equals max. Configuration options allow setting custom min/max ranges or auto-scaling. The core logic computes a scaling factor and applies it to each element, producing a rescaled array. No obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious behaviors are present. External dependencies are used for basic array operations. The code is clean, well-structured, and typical for a data normalization utility.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard rescaling utility without any signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It relies on external libraries for array operations but does not perform any network operations, data leaks, or security-sensitive actions. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}