{
  "purpose": "This code creates a custom Leaflet layer for displaying pie charts using semi-circles, allowing data input in various formats with options for styling.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'data' parameter in the constructor and 'param' in the factory function, as well as configuration options like 'colors' and 'radius'. It also reads options from user inputs during initialization and rendering.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily generates visual elements on the map (semi-circles, labels, polylines). There are no direct data sinks such as network requests, file writes, or environmental variable access. It does not perform data leaks or external connections.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from the 'data' parameter into '_prepareData', which processes and stores it. This data is used to generate semi-circle slices and labels, with colors assigned either randomly or via user options. The visual elements are added to the map as a result of 'onAdd'.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The 'randomColor' function uses a deterministic pseudo-random process based on 'counter' but does not generate or leak sensitive data. There is no obfuscation or unusual code structure. The code performs standard visualization logic with no malicious logic or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The script is a straightforward implementation of a Leaflet plugin for pie charts, utilizing semi-circles and labels. It includes functions for data normalization, color assignment, and label placement. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors are detected. All functions perform expected visualization tasks. The only point of minor concern could be the use of deterministic 'randomColor' which might generate predictable colors, but this is benign and intended for visualization purposes. There is no evidence of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign visualization plugin for Leaflet maps, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It simply renders pie chart slices and labels based on input data. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or data leaks are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}