{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React Native component 'ProgressCircle' used for rendering a customizable circular progress indicator with animated capabilities.",
  "sources": "Imports React, React Native components, react-native-svg, and local shape and HOC files. Reads props such as 'progress', 'rotation', 'animated', 'indeterminate', 'showsText', 'formatText', and style-related properties. Reads 'progress' and 'rotation' which are animated values.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'progress' and 'rotation' values to control animations and rendering. Renders SVG shapes based on input props. Does not directly process external data or untrusted input sources, aside from props.",
  "flows": "Progress prop (or animated progress) flows into shape rendering to determine arc angles. 'rotation' animated value affects SVG container transform. No data flow from untrusted sources to sinks beyond normal React props usage.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code. The code follows standard React Native practices, with no dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or malicious logic present. No network or file system operations observed.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a progress circle component with animation support, using React and SVG. It manages animated progress and rotation, rendering arcs accordingly. No data leaks, malicious network activity, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The component only processes and visualizes its props, adhering to React conventions. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscation are detected. The structure and functions are typical for a UI component.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard React Native progress indicator component with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It performs expected visual functions without any suspicious behavior. The code is safe based on the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}