{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React Native component for rendering a customizable progress circle with animated and static options, including visual styles, progress handling, and optional text display.",
  "sources": "Data is read from component props such as 'progress', 'rotation', 'borderColor', 'fill', 'formatText', and 'children'. It also reads from imported modules 'react', 'prop-types', 'react-native', and local files './Shapes/Arc' and './withAnimation'.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could influence rendering if props are manipulated maliciously, potentially causing visual disruptions or malicious side effects if the component is misused. No direct system or network sink (e.g., data transmission, file access) is evident within this code.",
  "flows": "Progress values and rotation are used to determine SVG arc angles and animations. Data flows from props into rendering logic, with potential updates via listeners (e.g., 'this.props.progress.addListener') influencing visual output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are observed. The code appears straightforward with standard React Native practices. No obfuscated or suspicious code constructs are present. All data flows are consistent with visual rendering of a progress circle.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React Native component for a progress indicator, with animation support, styling, and optional text display. It uses animated values for progress and rotation, and renders SVG arcs accordingly. The component includes standard prop validation and default props. The only dynamic behavior involves listeners on animated progress, which update internal state for rendering. No external network or file system operations are present, and no signs of malicious intent or malware are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate React Native progress circle component without any signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It relies solely on visual rendering logic and standard React Native APIs. No malicious activity, data leakage, or backdoors are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}