{
  "purpose": "The code extends jQuery's animate and stop methods to integrate GSAP (GreenSock Animation Platform) animations, providing enhanced animation capabilities via TweenLite and CSSPlugin.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the jQuery animation properties, configuration objects (prop, speed, easing, callback), and the global window object for loading external GSAP libraries.",
  "sinks": "The code potentially executes animation functions which are driven by untrusted input; however, it does not directly write or leak sensitive data. It does not perform any network operations or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Input from the user or other scripts modifies the properties passed to $.fn.animate. These properties are processed and then used to invoke TweenLite.to, which executes animations. No external data flows directly to network or system resources.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code performs standard library initialization, feature detection, and extension of jQuery methods. No obfuscation or unnecessary dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes by checking for the presence of required GSAP libraries and hooks into jQuery's animate and stop methods to add GSAP-based animation capabilities. It dynamically maps easing functions and manages animation properties, queueing, and callbacks. It also provides an API to enable/disable the plugin and modify legacy property handling. The logic is consistent with a legitimate animation plugin and contains no indications of malicious activity. There are no network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications. The code's purpose is clearly to enhance animation functionality, and all external library dependencies are properly checked and documented.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate jQuery plugin extension to incorporate GSAP animations. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs standard initialization and extension routines with no evidence of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}