{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JavaScript function to fetch movie information from the TMDB API, supporting multiple module systems and global access.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters ('movie', 'year') and the global 'fetch' function (or isomorphic-fetch), which is used for HTTP requests.",
  "sinks": "The HTTP request made via 'fetch' to the constructed URL is the primary sink, where untrusted input ('movie' and 'year') directly influences the URL.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('movie', 'year') flow into URL construction, which is then used in a fetch request. The response from fetch is parsed as JSON, and potential errors are handled or propagated via promises or callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "The 'api_key' is hardcoded directly into the code, which is a security concern as it exposes the API key publicly. No other suspicious code, backdoors, or malicious behavior is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes in a universal module pattern, supporting AMD, CommonJS, and global environments. It defines 'movieInfo', which validates input parameters and constructs an API URL with embedded API key and query parameters. It performs a fetch request to TMDB API, processes JSON responses, handles errors, and retries without the 'year' parameter if no results are found. The API key is hardcoded, exposing it publicly. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or malicious network connections are present. The fetch URL could be manipulated if user input ('movie', 'year') is malicious, but this is an intended feature for dynamic querying, not malicious injection.",
  "conclusion": "The primary security concern is the hardcoded API key, which could lead to API key exposure and misuse. The code itself does not contain malware or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or hidden backdoors. It functions as a legitimate API wrapper with potential exposure due to public API key. Overall, no malicious intent is detected beyond poor security practice of hardcoding sensitive credentials.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 1
}