{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JavaScript function to search for movie information from the TMDB API, supporting different module systems (AMD, CommonJS, browser global).",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters 'movie', 'year', and callback 'cb'. It also reads the fetch function as an external dependency or global variable.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the fetch call to the constructed API URL. The response is processed, and potential errors are handled via promises and callback functions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('movie' and optionally 'year') are used to construct an API request URL. The fetch response flows through promise chains, with error handling, and results are passed to callbacks or returned as promises.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded sensitive credentials beyond a public API key; the key is intentionally public. The code dynamically retries the search without the year if no results are found, which is normal behavior. No obfuscated code or unusual constructs. No data leakage, malicious network connections, or suspicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation for querying TMDB's API, with support for multiple module systems. It uses an openly available API key and constructs URLs with user input, which is standard practice. Error handling and fallback logic are appropriate. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware are detected. The fetch call is standard, and responses are processed securely. There are no suspicious network communications or data leaks beyond expected API interactions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for fetching movie info from TMDB. There are no indicators of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It relies on an openly published API key and standard fetch API calls, with proper error handling. Overall, it is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}