{
  "purpose": "This code module serves as a JavaScript wrapper to expose functions from a native C++ addon ('quantlib') via promisified JavaScript functions, allowing asynchronous calls to various quantitative finance operations and models.",
  "sources": "Require statements for 'promisify-node' and a native addon ('../build/Release/quantlib'); all function exports that wrap rawApi functions.",
  "sinks": "The promisified functions that execute the underlying C++ addon methods, which are the main interaction points with untrusted or native code.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from parameters passed into these promisified functions, through the promisify layer, into the underlying native addon functions, which may process data and return results. No explicit external data reading or network transmission is visible within this code.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are evident. The code merely maps all functions of a native addon to promisified JavaScript functions. The only notable operation is the setting of exports.__proto__ to rawApi, and the final promisify call, which is standard. There are no obfuscated code patterns, dynamic code execution, or suspicious variable names. The code is very uniform and pattern-based.",
  "analysis": "The script imports a native C++ addon and creates promisified wrappers for all its functions, exposing them for asynchronous use. It assigns the rawApi object as the prototype of exports, then promisifies all exported functions collectively, and finally exposes the Promise constructor and implementation. This pattern is typical for bindings to native libraries and does not inherently indicate malicious intent. No network activity, file system access, or sensitive data handling is visible within this code. The structure and functions are consistent with a library wrapper. The code appears to be a straightforward, autogenerated wrapper, with no signs of sabotage or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard wrapper module exposing native 'quantlib' functions via promisified JavaScript functions. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious payloads. The code's pattern and operations are consistent with legitimate native addon exposure and do not exhibit malware traits.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}