{
  "purpose": "This module exports a large collection of functions that wrap native C++ API functions from a library (likely QuantLib) into Promise-based JavaScript functions for asynchronous usage. Its primary purpose is to facilitate access to financial modeling and analysis functionalities in JavaScript by promisifying native bindings.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from the rawApi object, which represents the imported C++ native module. It does not read user input or external data sources directly, aside from the functions exported, which may internally read data when invoked.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the promisified functions which, when called, execute native code that might perform complex operations or access system resources. There are no explicit network calls, file writes, or data leaks directly shown in this code. The code itself does not perform data output or side effects.",
  "flows": "The flow is from the exported functions, which are promisified wrappers around native API functions, to the caller. There is no indication of untrusted data flow within this snippet. Any source-to-sink flow depends on how these functions are invoked externally.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward: it requires a native addon, promisifies its functions, and exports them for use. The code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. The use of 'promisify' on native bindings is standard for modern asynchronous JavaScript code. The last line sets the prototype and promisifies the exports object again, which appears redundant but not malicious. No obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution, or suspicious variable usage is present.",
  "analysis": "The code's structure involves importing a native module (rawApi), wrapping its functions with promisify to enable promise-based asynchronous calls, and exporting these wrapped functions. The initial require statement and the subsequent multiple assignments are typical in node native addon modules. The addition of setting __proto__ to rawApi and promisify(exports) is a standard pattern to ensure all functions are promisified and accessible. No evidence of malicious behavior such as network connections, file manipulation, or covert data exfiltration is present. The code appears purely as an API wrapper facilitating access to native functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical wrapper around native C++ bindings, providing promisified functions for various financial computations and data access. It contains no malicious behavior, no backdoors, and no suspicious activity. Its purpose is benign, aimed at exposing a native library for use in JavaScript with promise-based asynchronous calls.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}