{
  "purpose": "The code exports a large number of functions by promisifying methods from a native C++ addon module (rawApi) and a require('promisify-node') module, to facilitate asynchronous operations in JavaScript. It appears to serve as a bridge between JavaScript and native code for a financial library, exposing various functionalities related to financial instruments, curves, models, and analytics.",
  "sources": "The code reads from external modules: 'promisify-node' and '../build/Release/quantlib' (a native C++ addon). It also accesses numerous functions from rawApi, which are then promisified.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily wraps functions for export; there are no obvious sinks where untrusted data is handled, nor any network, file, or environment variable interactions within this code segment. It simply re-exports functions.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows within this code itself. It only sets up promisified access to functions from a native module, with no data processing or untrusted input handling.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily repetitive, but that is typical for a large API exposure module. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are visible. The inclusion of a 'promisify' call on 'exports' and the setting of '__proto__' to 'rawApi' are standard patterns for exposing native functions asynchronously. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports external modules: a promisify library and a native C++ addon. It then exports a vast number of functions from the native module, wrapping each with promisify for asynchronous handling. The use of 'exports.__proto__ = rawApi' creates a prototype chain for the module, exposing all native functions directly. The final call to 'promisify(exports)' appears redundant but ensures any additional functions are wrapped. No suspicious code patterns, data leaks, or malicious behaviors are detectable. The code is purely structural, facilitating API exposure with no active malicious behavior or sabotage signals.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a large API wrapper exposing native module functions via promisified JavaScript functions. No malicious or sabotage indicators are observed. The design is consistent with a typical library interface setup, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}