{
  "purpose": "The code exports a large number of functions that wrap native API calls from a 'quantlib' library, converting them into promise-based functions for easier asynchronous handling in JavaScript applications.",
  "sources": "The source is primarily the require statement for 'promisify-node' and the rawApi module requiring native C++ extensions in '../build/Release/quantlib'. It reads static strings for module paths and function names, with no user input handling or external data input.",
  "sinks": "The code creates promise-based wrappers for API functions, which could potentially be misused if the underlying native functions perform unsafe operations. However, the JavaScript layer itself acts as a thin wrapper, with no direct data processing, storage, or network communication in this code snippet.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the rawApi native functions through promisify into exported functions. There is no evidence of data from untrusted sources being passed into these functions in this code. The code does not process or validate input, nor does it handle user-supplied data.",
  "anomalies": "The code is a large, automatically generated wrapper file, which by itself appears benign. It does not contain any hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behavior. The presence of extensive native bindings could pose security risks if the underlying native code is malicious, but this cannot be determined solely from this wrapper code.",
  "analysis": "The script imports 'promisify-node' and applies it to a native module ('quantlib'), then exports a comprehensive set of promise-wrapped functions that directly correspond to native API functions. The code structure is straightforward and systematic, mainly serving as a bridge. There are no signs of obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or malicious payloads within this wrapper. Since the underlying native library ('quantlib') is not shown, potential malicious activity could reside there, but it is outside the scope of this code. The code does not perform any network operations, logging, or storage, which reduces the likelihood of malicious activity at this layer.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as an automated wrapper for native API functions, converting them into promise-based JavaScript functions. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior itself. Risks depend on the underlying native library, which cannot be assessed from this wrapper alone. There are no anomalies, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious behaviors detected in this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}