{
  "purpose": "This code module serves as a wrapper to expose various functions from a native 'quantlib' library, converting callback-based APIs into Promise-based ones using 'promisify-node'. It appears intended for facilitating access to financial quantitative library functions in a Promise-based JavaScript environment.",
  "sources": "Require statement for 'promisify-node' and the native 'quantlib' module ('../build/Release/quantlib'), then many function exports that are promisified versions of 'rawApi' functions.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks for untrusted data or external output are apparent; the code primarily wraps and re-exports functions. No network, file system, or environment variable access occurs here.",
  "flows": "Input source is the 'rawApi' functions; they are wrapped with 'promisify' and exported for external use. The flow is mainly data passing from the native library to JavaScript Promises, with no untrusted data flow within this code itself.",
  "anomalies": "The code is predominantly boilerplate wrapper code; no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The use of 'promisify' and re-exporting a large number of functions does not indicate malicious intent. The final line 'exports.__proto__ = rawApi;' is unusual but not malicious, serving to extend the exports object with the original 'rawApi' properties.",
  "analysis": "The code begins by importing 'promisify-node' and a native 'quantlib' library. It then creates promisified versions of numerous functions from 'rawApi' (the native library), exporting each as a Promise-based API. The bulk of the code is repetitive, systematically wrapping each native function without modification. The line 'exports.__proto__ = rawApi;' modifies the prototype of the exports object, making 'rawApi' properties directly accessible via the module, which is an unconventional but not inherently malicious pattern. The final line 'promisify(exports);' applies promisify to the entire exports object again, which is redundant but not harmful. There are no indications of data leakage, network activity, code injection, or backdoors. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present. The structure is consistent with a standard API wrapper for native modules.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a straightforward wrapper exposing native 'quantlib' functions through Promises, with no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The only unusual aspect is the prototype reassignment, which is not malicious but might be considered unconventional. Overall, the code appears safe and solely for exposing API functions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}