{
  "purpose": "This code manages UI interactions, state persistence, and dynamic styling for a documentation or navigation webpage, including toggling tree views, selecting platforms and versions, and performing searches.",
  "sources": "Reads include cookie values ('treeState', 'platform', 'version'), data attributes from DOM elements, and input from search box.",
  "sinks": "Writes include setting cookies ('treeState', 'platform', 'version'), updating inner HTML and CSS styles, and modifying DOM attributes like 'src' and 'href'.",
  "flows": "State data from cookies or DOM inputs is used to update UI elements; user actions trigger functions that modify the DOM or cookies, with some dynamic style updates based on user selections.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code structures. The code dynamically updates styles and DOM elements but does not perform any suspicious actions like network requests or data exfiltration. Search functionality appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The script is a typical UI management code for a web interface, handling toggles, style updates, and search filtering. It uses cookies for state persistence and dynamically updates the DOM and CSS. There are no indications of malicious payloads, backdoors, or external data exfiltration. The code does not contain obfuscated or malicious logic, nor does it connect to external domains or execute hidden scripts. The only potential concern is that it manipulates CSS and DOM in response to user input, which is normal behavior. Overall, the code appears benign with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a standard UI control script for a documentation or navigation page. It uses cookies for state management, updates DOM and styles dynamically, and handles user interactions safely. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}