{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom drawing mode for Mapbox GL Draw to draw circles by clicking and dragging, replacing the default polygon drawing mode.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from map events (mouse/touch) such as 'mousedown', 'mousemove', 'mouseup', 'click', 'touchstart', 'touchend', and properties like 'e.lngLat'. It also uses imported libraries like '@turf/circle' and '@turf/distance' for geometric calculations.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe actions include creating and modifying GeoJSON features, particularly the 'circle' feature geometry. The code updates feature properties and coordinates based on user input, but does not write to files, send data over network, or execute external commands.",
  "flows": "Input from map event coordinates (lngLat) is used to set the circle center and compute radius. The 'distance' and 'circle' functions generate geometries, which update the feature coordinates. The updated feature is then displayed or set as active.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code relies on external libraries for geometry calculations, which is standard. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code detected. The code disables and re-enables map interactions during drawing.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a custom drawing mode for drawing circles, handling mouse/touch events to set center and radius, and updating the feature's geometry dynamically. It uses well-known Turf.js functions and Mapbox draw utilities. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network requests, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The mode interacts only with local map state and user input, which is typical for such drawing tools.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate custom Mapbox GL Draw mode implementation for drawing circles, with no malicious intent or security risks. It operates solely on user input and geometric calculations without external data leaks or harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}