{
  "purpose": "This source code implements a JavaScript client for interacting with a Clusto API server, providing methods to manage attributes, entities, resource managers, and server metadata.",
  "sources": "Input sources include function parameters for API calls (e.g., opts, data), environment variables are not used, and external libraries such as 'superagent', 'URIjs', 'bluebird', and 'qs'.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request construction via 'superagent' with dynamic URL segments and query parameters; data returned from server responses; method calls that send data over the network.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (source) are processed to build HTTP requests (sink); data from function arguments flows into request URLs, query strings, or request bodies; responses from server are returned as resolved promises.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code structures are present. Usage of well-known libraries and standard patterns. No obfuscated code, misleading variable names, or dynamic code execution identified.",
  "analysis": "The code defines constants for API attributes and modes, then constructs a 'Client' class with methods for API interaction. These methods assemble URL paths and request options based on input parameters, then send HTTP requests using 'superagent'. The code uses promises for asynchronous operations. There is extensive use of input parameters for URL and data construction, but all appear to serve legitimate API interaction purposes. No signs of malicious payloads, data exfiltration, or covert behaviors are evident. The code is well-structured and uses conventional patterns for API clients. External dependencies are common and non-suspicious. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malware-like behavior are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard API client library for a Clusto server, with no indications of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. It performs legitimate network operations with no suspicious data handling or covert behaviors.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}