{
  "purpose": "The code defines a ListModel class for managing and normalizing data, with methods for fetching, updating, and filtering data from a server API. It appears to be part of a data layer for a web application.",
  "sources": "Data is read from method parameters, class properties, and server API calls via client.get, client.post, and client.patch methods. Input includes IDs, filter parameters, and search keywords.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous sinks include network requests (client.get, client.post, client.patch), which could send data to remote servers. Data normalization and property setters could be manipulated if inputs are untrusted.",
  "flows": "User input or external parameters (e.g., IDs, filters, keywords) flow into methods like getOne, updateOne, makeFilter, loadPage, and search, which then invoke network requests or modify internal state.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. The code uses dynamic property definitions and decorators, but this appears consistent with typical class definitions. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is present. The code relies on external libraries for observable state management.",
  "analysis": "The code uses a class structure with observable properties and methods for API interactions, including data normalization. It performs network requests with user-supplied parameters but does not embed malicious code or suspicious data handling. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are evident. External dependencies are used for helpers and state management, which are standard. No unusual or malicious code constructs are detected. Overall, the code seems legitimate and focused on data handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard data management class with methods for API interactions, normalization, and filtering. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It relies on external libraries and does not contain suspicious logic or backdoors. It is safe based on the provided fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}