{
  "purpose": "This code defines a ListModel class for managing and interacting with data entities, likely related to a backend API, with functions for fetching, updating, and normalizing data.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from network requests via 'this.client.get', 'this.client.post', 'this.client.patch'. It also reads class properties such as 'keywords', 'searchFilter', and 'currentOne'. It imports dependencies such as '@swc/helpers', 'qs', 'mobx', and 'mobx-restful'.",
  "sinks": "The network requests are potential sinks where untrusted data (like user input) could be sent. The 'makeFilter' method constructs filter objects that are used in network requests, possibly based on untrusted input. However, no direct injection or command execution is evident.",
  "flows": "Input from 'keywords' and filter parameters flow into 'makeFilter', which constructs query objects for HTTP requests. The 'getOne' and 'updateOne' methods invoke network calls with data from these sources, leading to potential data transmission over the network.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses many minification helpers and complex class property decorators, which are typical for transpiled code. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are immediately visible. The code appears to be a standard data model implementation. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are detected, such as dynamic code execution or obfuscated network connections.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a typical generated class for managing a list of data objects, including methods for normalizing, fetching, updating, and filtering data. It relies on external dependencies for class decoration and network request handling. All network interactions seem intended for legitimate data operations. No signs of malicious payloads, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The usage of 'qs' for query string serialization and 'mobx' for state management are standard. The complexity and obfuscation are consistent with transpiled code, not malicious obfuscation. Overall, the code is consistent with a normal data management model without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard data model implementation for managing API data, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles data normalization and network requests securely and predictably, with no hardcoded secrets or suspicious network activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}