{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to resolve CSS color values from strings, including handling variables, relative colors, calculations, and caching results for efficiency.",
  "sources": "Input parameter 'value' in the function 'resolveColor', reading from external sources as arguments, and cache retrieval via 'getCache'.",
  "sinks": "Returns processed color strings or cache storage; no data leaks or external effects are directly evident.",
  "flows": "Input string passes through pattern matching, variable resolution, relative color resolution, calculation, and finally formatting to output; cache is checked and stored at multiple points.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Usage of regular expressions to detect functions related to CSS calculations and variables appears standard. No dynamic code execution, external network calls, or file manipulations are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs color resolution logic for CSS-like values, including handling 'currentcolor', 'transparent', and functions like 'resolveColorMix' and 'resolveColorFunc'. It employs caching to avoid redundant computations. The code includes pattern matching with regex to detect specific functions but only to direct resolution flow, not to execute arbitrary code. No suspicious data leaks, system interactions, or network activity are present. The only external dependencies are imported modules, which are not analyzed here but seem related to CSS processing. The code’s logic appears to be standard for CSS color parsing and resolution with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard CSS color resolution utility with no malicious behavior detected. It does not perform network communication, file operations, or access sensitive data. The regex patterns are used for flow control, not malicious code execution. Overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}