{
  "purpose": "This code defines a PostCSS plugin named 'flegrix' that processes CSS at-rules with the same name to generate or modify CSS based on predefined functions in the Flegrix class.",
  "sources": "Input is received through CSS at-rules named 'flegrix' within the stylesheet being processed.",
  "sinks": "Data is inserted back into the CSS through postcss.decl() calls; no external data sinks are directly visible in this code.",
  "flows": "The plugin reads CSS at-rules ('flegrix'), parses parameters, and calls corresponding functions in the Flegrix class to generate CSS declarations, which are inserted into the stylesheet.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses dynamic processing based on at-rule parameters; however, no hardcoded credentials or suspicious code constructs are evident. The code appears straightforward, with no obfuscated or malicious code present. The external class Flegrix is not included, so its behavior cannot be assessed here.",
  "analysis": "The code imports 'postcss' and a local 'Flegrix' module, creating an instance of Flegrix. It registers a PostCSS plugin that processes 'flegrix' at-rules. For each such rule, it extracts parameters and invokes specific methods on the Flegrix instance to generate CSS snippets or handle default behavior. It then inserts generated declarations into the CSS. The code performs no network requests, system modifications, or data exfiltration. No hardcoded secrets, malicious constructs, or obfuscated code are detected within this snippet. Since the actual behavior depends heavily on the external Flegrix class, a full security assessment requires inspecting that class as well. Based on this fragment, there are no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code implements a straightforward PostCSS plugin that processes custom at-rules to generate CSS based on predefined functions. No malicious or suspicious behavior is evident in this snippet. The security risk appears low, but a comprehensive review of the Flegrix class is necessary for a complete assessment.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}