{
  "purpose": "This code defines a PostCSS plugin named 'flegrix' that processes custom at-rules to modify CSS rules related to grid, container, and column layouts.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from CSS at-rules named 'flegrix' and their parameters, which are parsed and used to invoke functions from the 'flegrix' object.",
  "sinks": "The code writes modifications into the CSS AST by inserting new declarations after existing rules, and removes the original at-rules.",
  "flows": "Input data from at-rules is parsed into parameters, which then determine function calls on 'flegrix'; these functions generate new declarations inserted into the CSS output, with the at-rule being removed afterward.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code is present. The code performs straightforward parsing and CSS modifications. The require of a local module './main' could potentially contain malicious code, but it cannot be assessed here. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or hidden behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code imports 'postcss' and a local module './main', then creates a PostCSS plugin that processes custom at-rules named 'flegrix'. For each at-rule, it extracts parameters, defaults to 'default' preset if none provided, and calls corresponding methods on the 'flegrix' object. These methods presumably generate CSS declarations which are inserted after the at-rule, and the at-rule is then removed. The logic is straightforward, with no evident malicious behavior or suspicious code patterns. The 'flegrix' object is external; without its implementation, potential malicious code within it cannot be determined, but the provided snippet itself does not contain malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard PostCSS plugin setup that processes specific at-rules to generate CSS based on external functions. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious data handling within this fragment. The reliance on an external './main' module means additional review of that module would be necessary for comprehensive security assessment. Overall, the code appears benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}