{
  "purpose": "The function calculates and adjusts a bounding box within a grid or container, primarily for graphical or spatial purposes, such as snapping a bounding box to grid cells or container bounds.",
  "sources": "Inputs are 'bbox' (bounding box coordinates), 'container' (container bounds), 'debug', 'origin', 'overflow', 'padding', 'scale', and 'size'. These are read directly at the start and throughout the function.",
  "sinks": "Data is processed and transformed internally; no untrusted data is written or transmitted externally. There are no network requests, file operations, or external data leaks.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (bbox, container, origin, etc.) through calculations (coordinate transformations, containment adjustments, padding), ending in the returned object with 'bbox_in_coordinate_system' and 'bbox_in_grid_cells'.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward geometric calculations with extensive debug logs. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. No dynamic code execution, eval, or obfuscated code present. The only unusual aspect is verbose debug logging controlled by a parameter, which is not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code performs coordinate transformations and boundary checks to adjust a bounding box within a grid or container. It uses standard math functions, conditional containment adjustments, and optional size constraints. No external data sources, network communication, or file operations are detected. The extensive debug logging is controlled by the 'debug' parameter and is for diagnostic purposes only. The code does not perform any data exfiltration, system modification, or malicious behavior. It appears to be a utility function for spatial computation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a spatial computation utility with no signs of malicious behavior. It contains no malicious or sabotage code, external data leaks, or malware indicators. The only notable aspect is debug logging for development purposes, which is not malicious.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}