{
  "purpose": "This code parses JavaScript source code into an Abstract Syntax Tree (AST), filters and analyzes specific call expressions with particular argument structures, and extracts module dependency information such as file IDs, source code slices, and dependencies.",
  "sources": "The input source code string (`src`) is read at the start and sliced at specific AST node ranges to extract code segments.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks where untrusted data is written or transmitted, such as network calls, file writes, or environment modifications. The code only processes and returns extracted data.",
  "flows": "The code reads the input source, parses it into an AST, filters nodes, identifies specific call expressions, and then extracts relevant parts (file IDs, source code slices, dependencies). No external or untrusted data flows into dangerous sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs complex AST analysis to extract module dependency info but does not perform any unsafe operations or suspicious behaviors. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious patterns are evident. No dynamic code execution or external communications are present.",
  "analysis": "The function primarily parses and analyzes an input JavaScript source to extract module dependency details based on specific AST node patterns. It filters out non-relevant nodes, identifies a specific call expression with exactly three arguments (objects and array), and then processes nested properties to extract file info and dependencies. The helper function handles specific function expressions for extracting additional argument info. The code operates statically on the AST and returns structured data without any side effects or malicious actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs static analysis to extract module dependency data. It does not contain malicious behaviors, backdoors, or security risks. Its purpose appears to be analysis or tooling rather than malicious activity. No signs of malware, secret leaks, or unsafe operations are identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}