{
  "purpose": "The code defines a universal module pattern that exports a library called 'Poplar' and includes several internal modules and classes related to SVG manipulation, event handling, and content editing, likely for a visual editor or annotation tool.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from configuration objects, DOM events, window selections, and local variables. It also interacts with the DOM by creating and appending SVG elements, text elements, and style elements.",
  "sinks": "SVG elements, DOM event handlers, and style manipulations are potential sinks. These are places where untrusted input could be used maliciously, such as in SVG path 'd' attributes, style properties, or event handler callbacks.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions (e.g., mouse events, keyboard inputs, selections) through event handlers and methods that modify DOM or SVG elements, including rendering, updating, and removing SVG components. Some data from configuration objects influence styles and content rendering.",
  "anomalies": "Code is heavily minified or obfuscated, using uncommon language features such as dynamic prototype modifications and complex class structures. It contains large, complex functions with nested anonymous functions. There are no clear hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors evident. No network connections or system modifications are visible.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a bundled or minified JavaScript library for SVG-based annotation or diagram editing, including content editing, label management, connection rendering, and event handling. It uses standard patterns for module definition and class inheritance. The functions primarily manipulate DOM/SVG elements, handle events, and manage internal repositories. No suspicious network requests, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are apparent. The obfuscation is typical of minified library code, not indicative of malicious intent. The module seems to focus on rendering and interaction within a web page, not performing hidden malicious actions.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a complex, minified JavaScript library for SVG diagram or annotation management. It contains no evident malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The structure and function focus on DOM/SVG manipulation and event handling typical for interactive web applications. The obfuscation appears to be due to minification rather than malicious intent. Therefore, the overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}