{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionality to display images in the console by generating styled log messages based on image URLs and options such as scaling and normalization.",
  "sources": "Reads image URLs from input parameters; loads images via the Image() constructor; accesses image properties like height, width, and src.",
  "sinks": "Uses console.log with style strings and image URLs; potential for leaking information if malicious URLs are used; relies on image properties and environment for rendering.",
  "flows": "Image URLs are passed to create Image objects (source), then styles are generated based on image properties and options, culminating in console.log outputs (sink).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code dynamically loads images from URLs and renders styled output, which is typical for debugging or visual purposes. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected. No malicious behavior or privacy violations are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically loads images from provided URLs and generates CSS styles for console display. It handles asynchronous image loading robustly using Promise.all, ensuring all images are loaded before rendering. The style generation uses safe URL embedding and does not perform any unsafe code execution or data exfiltration. The only notable activity is fetching external images and displaying them in the console, which is not inherently malicious. No suspicious patterns, hidden code, or malicious network activity are detected. Overall, this appears to be benign utility code for debugging or visualizing images in the console.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe utility for displaying images in the console. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided implementation. It relies on external image URLs and standard JavaScript functions without executing any dangerous or hidden operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}