{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component for an expandable side navigation menu, with styled-components for styling and utility hooks for handling outside clicks and passive events support.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from component props, DOM events, and environment (such as document). Specifically, reads configuration and styling props, DOM event listeners, and document object.",
  "sinks": "Uses event listeners to handle outside clicks, DOM element references for detecting outside interactions, and styled-components to apply styles. No direct data sinks that leak data or execute untrusted code are present.",
  "flows": "Component props and environment variables influence rendering and event handling. User interactions trigger handleCloseSideNav via click events; outside click detection relies on refs and event listeners. No malicious flow patterns detected.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors are observed. The code uses standard React hooks, styled-components, and utility functions for event support. No obfuscated code or misleading variable names are present. All functions serve their intended UI logic.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a React UI component with styled-components for a burger menu and side navigation. It employs standard patterns: hooks for outside click detection, styled-components for styling with dynamic props, and conditional rendering. No evidence of malicious behavior such as network requests to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The code does not execute dynamic code, eval, or use unsafe practices. Environment and input handling are limited to UI interactions. There are no signs of malware or security risks beyond normal UI component concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign React component for a UI feature, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It uses standard practices for handling clicks outside elements, styling, and rendering. No malicious or suspicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}