{
  "purpose": "This code provides a utility function for retrying asynchronous operations with customizable error handling, using promise-retry and supporting configurable options.",
  "sources": "The code reads the input function 'op' and options object 'opts', which are passed as parameters to the retry function. It also imports the 'promise-retry' library.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the call to 'promise-retry' with the retryable function, which may involve retries based on untrusted error conditions, and the optional 'errorHandler' function, which could potentially be malicious if supplied malicious code.",
  "flows": "The source (op and opts) flows into the retry function, which passes a retryable function to 'promise-retry'. The retryable function executes 'op' and invokes 'errorHandler' if errors occur, then may retry based on the retry logic. This process allows untrusted 'op' and 'errorHandler' functions to be executed multiple times.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or unusual language features. Usage of external dependency 'promise-retry' appears standard. The 'errorHandler' is user-provided and could be malicious if it performs malicious actions, but this is expected behavior. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a standard 'promise-retry' library and defines a retry function that accepts an asynchronous operation 'op' and options 'opts'. Inside, it defines a retryable function that executes 'op' and calls a user-defined 'errorHandler' if provided, then triggers a retry upon errors. The flow relies on external inputs, and the errorHandler, which could be malicious if malicious code is supplied. The overall structure aligns with a typical retry pattern using promises. No malicious or malicious-looking code is present; the code facilitates retries and error handling in a straightforward manner.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a retry utility with configurable error handling. There are no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or suspicious code. The use of external dependencies and user-provided functions is typical for such utilities, but 'errorHandler' could potentially execute malicious code if supplied maliciously. Overall, the code is benign and intended for reliability enhancements.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}