{
  "purpose": "The code implements a JavaScript class for the discrete uniform distribution, providing methods to calculate various statistical properties and functions such as cdf, pmf, logcdf, logpmf, mgf, quantile, and distribution parameters like mean, median, etc.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters during instantiation (a, b), property getters (entropy, kurtosis, mean, median, skewness, stdev, variance), and method calls (cdf, logcdf, logpmf, mgf, pmf, quantile).",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows occur through property setters for 'a' and 'b', and method calls that receive external inputs (x, p, t).",
  "flows": "Input parameters a and b are validated and stored; methods like cdf, logcdf, logpmf, mgf, pmf, and quantile use internal distribution functions with these parameters; property getters access precomputed statistical measures.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behaviors, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are observed. The code strictly defines a class with validation, property accessors, and statistical calculations, all from open-source libraries. No hardcoded secrets, network calls, or suspicious behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with licensing and module imports, which are standard for an open-source distribution library. It defines private functions for distribution calculations and constructs a DiscreteUniform class with property validation, getters for statistical measures, and methods for distribution functions. The validation ensures only integer inputs within proper ranges are accepted. The class design follows best practices for encapsulation, with no evidence of malicious intent or dangerous operations. External dependencies are standard statistical functions, not suspicious. No data exfiltration, network activity, or obscure behaviors are present. The code appears to be a typical implementation of a mathematical distribution in JavaScript.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard, well-structured implementation of a discrete uniform distribution class. It performs input validation, offers distribution-related functions, and exposes statistical properties without any suspicious or malicious behaviors. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or security risks in this module.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}