{
  "purpose": "This code provides a React Native cryptography module interface, with mocked native module methods for hashing, key generation, encryption, decryption, signing, verification, file operations, and group session management, primarily for testing purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from parameters (strings, Buffers, objects with value and encoding), environment variables (via imported modules), and mock functions within the native module.",
  "sinks": "Calls native module methods with data (base64 strings or buffers), which could potentially leak sensitive data if misused; also involves file paths and cryptographic keys.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function arguments into native methods, often after encoding (e.g., to base64). Results from native methods are returned as Buffers or strings. Data can originate from user input, file paths, or key objects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. The code heavily relies on mocked native modules, indicating a testing environment rather than production code. No signs of data exfiltration, network connections, or covert activities. No obfuscation or uncommon language features. The use of Buffer and encoding is standard for cryptographic operations.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive test suite for a React Native cryptography module, utilizing mocks for native cryptographic functions. All interactions with data are through expected input parameters, with no evidence of malicious behavior or malicious data handling. The native module methods are stubbed and do not perform actual malicious actions; they are intended for testing cryptographic workflows. The code does not contain any network operations, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. It simply tests the interface and data flow for cryptographic functions. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets or hidden backdoors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a test suite with mocked native cryptographic methods for React Native. It shows no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The code appears safe and standard for testing cryptography functionalities, with no indicators of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}