{
  "purpose": "This code provides unit tests for the virgilCrypto JavaScript library, mocking native module interactions to verify cryptographic operations such as hashing, key generation, encryption, decryption, signing, verification, and group session management.",
  "sources": "Sources of data include method input parameters (strings, Buffers, objects with value and encoding), environment variables (via platform detection), and mocked native module return values.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include native module calls where untrusted data is passed directly to native functions, especially in cryptographic operations (e.g., encrypt, decrypt, sign, verify). These are not inherently malicious but should be monitored for mishandling of untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Data flows from test inputs (e.g., strings, Buffers, objects) through function calls, where they are encoded, base64-encoded, and passed to native modules; responses are decoded and returned as Buffers or strings. No external data or network operations are present, limiting external threat vectors.",
  "anomalies": "The code is strictly testing and mocking native cryptographic functions with no dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or unusual language features. There are no hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The use of mock return values is standard for testing and does not introduce malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code rigorously tests various cryptographic operations with multiple input types, ensuring proper encoding and error handling. All interactions with native modules are contained within the test framework. There is no evidence of malicious code, such as data exfiltration, system modifications, or network communications. The focus is on validating the cryptographic API behavior and input handling. The structure and content are consistent with standard testing practices, with no suspicious or malicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "This code does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage. It is a comprehensive set of unit tests for a cryptographic library, utilizing mocks and standard input validation. No malware signals or security risks are identified. The overall security posture appears safe, assuming the actual native module implementations are secure.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}