{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WakewordDetector class for detecting specific keywords in audio streams, using feature extraction, comparison, and voice activity detection (VAD). It manages keyword templates, processes audio buffers, and emits detection results.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include audio buffers passed to the 'process' and 'extractFeatures' methods; configuration options for sample rate, channels, thresholds, and VAD settings; keyword templates added via 'addKeyword' method.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include emitted payloads upon detection, error events, and possibly the audio chunks stored in internal buffers. The code does not directly send data over network or write to files.",
  "flows": "Audio buffers flow from input to extraction via 'process' or 'extractFeatures'. Extracted features are compared against templates. Detection results flow from comparison back to emitted payloads or returned promises. Keywords are added/removed via dedicated methods.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. The code appears to implement standard audio processing, feature normalization, and keyword detection logic. No unusual dynamic code execution or obfuscation observed. The use of external modules is typical for audio and feature processing.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured around a class that manages audio feature extraction, keyword matching, and voice activity detection. It employs promises and asynchronous processing appropriately. All data flows are consistent with expected behavior for a wakeword detection system. No signs of malicious code such as network exfiltration, data theft, or hidden backdoors are present. The only notable aspect is the extensive use of third-party modules like 'pcm-util' and internal extractors, but their usage appears standard. There are no hardcoded credentials, suspicious string manipulations, or behaviors indicating sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical implementation of a wakeword detection system without signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs standard audio processing tasks, manages keyword templates, and emits detection events. No malware signals or security risks are evident from this review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}