{
  "purpose": "A Vue.js plugin for managing popup overlays with mask configurations and dynamic component rendering.",
  "sources": "Parameters from options object, package.json version, global Vue instance, DOM input (div creation).",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation (creating and appending divs), Vue component instantiation and mounting, callback invocation.",
  "flows": "Input options → DOM element creation → Vue component instantiation with render function → Mounting to DOM → Callbacks (onclose, onopen).",
  "anomalies": "Typo in 'destory' method name; use of 'vue.extend(div)' where 'div' is a DOM element (likely a mistake, as 'vue.extend' expects a component). No obfuscation or hardcoded secrets.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Vue.js pattern for dynamically creating popup components with mask overlays. It reads configuration options, creates DOM elements, and mounts Vue components accordingly. The use of 'vue.extend(div)' appears to be an error, as 'vue.extend' expects a component constructor, not a DOM element, which could cause runtime errors but not security issues. The 'destory' method is likely a typo of 'destroy' but not malicious. No network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The code handles user-supplied callbacks safely, with potential misuse if callbacks are maliciously injected, but this is a common pattern and not inherently malicious. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is 0.2, reflecting minimal inherent risk due to dynamic rendering and callback handling. The confidence score is high (0.9), given the straightforward analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical Vue.js popup management plugin with no malicious or obfuscated code. Minor issues like a typo and a probable misuse of 'vue.extend' are present but do not impact security. The assigned scores are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}