{
  "purpose": "This code defines an OBJLoader module for loading and parsing 3D models in OBJ format within the THREE.js library, converting text data into 3D objects and materials.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from a URL via FileLoader, and the OBJ file content passed to the parse function.",
  "sinks": "Creates and returns THREE.js Group and BufferGeometry objects, sets up materials and geometry attributes, and may load external material libraries.",
  "flows": "Input OBJ text is fetched via load, then passed to parse; parse processes text line-by-line, populating vertices, normals, uvs, and object structures; these are used to create THREE.js objects and materials, forming a scene graph.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. The code only loads external files and parses text data into 3D objects. No network connections or data exfiltration routines are present. The only external dependency is THREE.js, which is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code loads OBJ model data from a file or URL using a standard FileLoader. It performs line-by-line parsing with regex patterns to extract vertices, normals, UVs, face definitions, and object/group declarations. It constructs internal state objects to manage geometries and materials. After parsing, it creates BufferGeometry and Mesh objects, assigning materials accordingly. No suspicious code, hidden network activity, or malicious behaviors such as data theft, reverse shells, or system damage are present. The code operates within expected parameters of a 3D model loader. No obfuscation or malicious code patterns are evident. It adheres to common OBJ parsing practices.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions solely as a 3D model loader for THREE.js and does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. It performs typical file parsing and object creation tasks with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}