{
  "purpose": "The code defines an OBJLoader module for loading and parsing Wavefront OBJ 3D model files into Three.js objects, including handling of materials and geometries.",
  "sources": "Reads external OBJ files via URL using THREE.FileLoader; accesses properties of the loaded text such as strings and regex matches.",
  "sinks": "Creates Three.js objects and geometries in memory; no direct data leaks or network transmissions observed; no suspicious sinks like remote command execution or system access.",
  "flows": "Loads OBJ text -> parses line-by-line -> constructs 3D object structures in memory -> returns Three.js Group object.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. Usage of regex for parsing, which is standard for OBJ files. No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or suspicious string manipulations. No code injections or external network communications beyond standard file loading.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard implementation of a 3D model loader for Three.js. It uses regex patterns to parse OBJ file contents, constructs geometry and material objects, and builds a Three.js Group for rendering. The code reads files via the provided URL and processes text data to generate 3D objects. There are no indications of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, command execution, or system modifications. The only external interactions are loading files and managing in-memory 3D data structures. The code is well-structured and typical for a library module, with no signs of sabotage or malware. No obfuscation or suspicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard OBJ loader for Three.js with no malicious or suspicious features. It performs expected functions of parsing OBJ files into 3D objects for rendering purposes. There are no signs of malware, data leaks, or malicious behavior. Overall, the script is safe within its intended scope.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}