{
  "purpose": "This code defines and registers a custom web component 'rad-cool-icons' which appears to be used for rendering SVG icons with animated and interactive features, likely for visual UI enhancements or icons.",
  "sources": "Reads data from component properties and attributes, such as class, style, width, height, stroke, color, easing, duration, hover, misc, type, state, id, line, and SVG element attributes.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM elements to render SVG graphics and attach event listeners; no external data sinks are explicitly present. No network, file system, or sensitive data access observed.",
  "flows": "Component property inputs (sources) are used to generate SVG elements and styles (sinks), with reactive updates managed via component state and property changes.",
  "anomalies": "Code includes extensive SVG and animation logic with functions for motion, easing, and SVG shape descriptions, but no clear hard-coded credentials or backdoors. The code contains a console.log statement for dark mode initialization and styling, which is typical but noteworthy. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic code execution detected. The eval() usage for localStorage data retrieval is generally discouraged but not malicious by itself.",
  "analysis": "The code is a complex Svelte-based component rendering SVG icons with animation, dark mode detection, and customizable properties. It includes standard functions for SVG manipulation, animation easing, and reactive state updates. The dark mode logic reads from localStorage and adjusts favicon and theme accordingly, which is a common UI pattern. No network connections, data exfiltration, or suspicious behaviors such as reverse shells, cryptomining, or hidden backdoors are evident. The eval() on localStorage data is a potential security concern, but given the context (localStorage), it appears to be intended for storing and retrieving theme settings rather than malicious code execution. The component code is verbose but appears consistent with intended UI icon rendering functionality.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a complex SVG icon component built with Svelte, managing dark mode, animations, and SVG rendering. There are no clear signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It does include a questionable eval() on localStorage data which could pose a security risk if exploited externally, but within this context, it is not inherently malicious. Overall, the package does not demonstrate malicious intent or supply chain security attacks based on this fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}