{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a library for rendering various SVG-based icons and animations, likely used for UI components such as arrows, menus, and other graphical elements in a web application.",
  "sources": "Reads data from component props (class, style, width, height, stroke, etc.), DOM attributes, local storage (for dark mode setting), and window.matchMedia (for theme detection). Uses these inputs to control visual rendering and user preferences.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation via insert, append, set attributes, and event listeners (click). No evidence of data leaks, network communication, or file system access. No calls to dangerous APIs or external endpoints.",
  "flows": "User interactions (click events) may trigger component updates but do not lead to external data flow. Theme detection and local storage interactions influence component appearance but do not leak data. Visual elements are generated dynamically based on component state and props.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated portions (compressed and minimized structure). It includes dark mode initialization, localStorage access, and media query detection — typical for UI theming. No suspicious code such as network requests, reverse shells, data theft, or cryptomining present. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors identified.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified Svelte-based component library for SVG icon rendering and animations. It manages theme preferences via localStorage and media queries, which are common UI features. No code snippets suggest malicious intent such as data exfiltration or system sabotage. The obfuscation is typical of minified library code, not malware. No suspicious network calls, system file operations, or reverse shell mechanisms observed. The overall structure and behavior are consistent with legitimate UI component code. The inclusion of event listeners and dynamic style/attribute updates are standard for interactive SVG components.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, minified SVG icon component library primarily focused on UI rendering and theme management. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The obfuscation is due to minification, not malicious intent. It appears safe for use from a supply chain security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}