{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a collection of SVG icon components and custom elements for rendering animated and interactive icons within a web application, likely for UI decoration or functional indicators.",
  "sources": "Code reads local variables, function parameters, and DOM attributes; no external data sources or input streams are explicitly read within the code snippet.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation via element creation, attribute setting, and event listeners. No untrusted data is explicitly injected into system commands, network, or sensitive system APIs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component properties and DOM attributes to SVG element attributes, event listeners, and internal state variables. There are no evident source-to-sink data flows involving untrusted input leading to security vulnerabilities.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive Svelte component definitions with dynamic property updates, but no hardcoded secrets or credentials. The only suspicious element is the definition of a custom element 'rad-cool-icons', but it appears to be a standard SVG icon component collection. No backdoors, hidden network connections, or malicious code segments are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a complex set of SVG-based icon components, built with Svelte framework, enabling animated and interactive visual elements. It uses standard practices like reactive variables, event subscriptions, and custom web components. The code does not include external API calls, network requests, or execution of system commands. The functions mainly manipulate DOM and SVG attributes based on component properties. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns, such as hiding code execution, data exfiltration, or system sabotage, are evident. The code appears intended for UI presentation and interaction, with no indication of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of SVG icon components and a custom web element designed for visual and interactive icons. It does not show signs of malware or malicious behavior. The complexity and use of dynamic properties are typical for UI component libraries, with no suspicious activities detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}