{
  "purpose": "A jQuery plugin named 'watchTyping' that monitors user typing activity by attaching event handlers and invoking optional callbacks with a debounce delay.",
  "sources": "Event handlers: blur, keydown, keyup on DOM elements",
  "sinks": "Execution of user-supplied callback functions 'opt.start' and 'opt.stop'",
  "flows": "Event triggers -> callback functions invoked after delay",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, obfuscation, or malicious patterns; standard debounce pattern",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a typing activity monitor plugin. It attaches event handlers to DOM elements, invoking optional callbacks with a debounce delay. No hardcoded credentials, network activity, or obfuscation are present. The only potential concern is that the callback functions are user-defined and could execute malicious code if supplied by an untrusted source, which is a common pattern in such plugins but not inherently malicious. The code's structure and logic are standard, with no anomalies or suspicious behaviors detected. The plugin's purpose and flow are clear, and the code is unobfuscated. The security implications are minimal, primarily centered around external callback execution, which is typical and manageable. Overall, the code is benign, and the potential risk stems from external callback functions rather than the code itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard jQuery plugin for monitoring typing activity. It does not contain malicious code, obfuscation, or suspicious patterns. The main security consideration is the execution of user-supplied callback functions, which could be malicious if supplied by an untrusted source. However, this is a common and expected pattern in such plugins. The malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the security risk score is low (~0.1), reflecting the minimal inherent risk. The overall assessment confirms the code's safety and appropriateness for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}