{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a JavaScript SDK for integrating MoEngage, a marketing automation platform, into web applications. It provides initialization and user attribute tracking functionalities.",
  "sources": "Reads window object, external script URL (https://cdn.moengage.com/webpush/moe_webSdk.min.latest.js), and function arguments during init and method calls.",
  "sinks": "Calls to external SDK functions (track_event, add_user_attribute, etc.), dynamic script injection, and console logs.",
  "flows": "Initialization reads from window and arguments; methods call external SDK functions; script is dynamically loaded from CDN; console logs for debugging.",
  "anomalies": "Standard SDK pattern; no suspicious hardcoded credentials; extensive console info if debugging is enabled; no obfuscated code or unusual language features.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical UMD (Universal Module Definition) pattern for a JavaScript library, specifically the MoEngage SDK. It dynamically injects an external script for SDK functionalities, initializes the SDK with provided app_id, and offers various methods to track events and user attributes. The SDK uses console.info for debugging logs, controlled by a debug flag. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. External script URL points to a CDN hosting the SDK. The code structure and flow are consistent with standard SDK initialization and usage patterns. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration observed. The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured integration library.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of the MoEngage SDK, with no indications of malicious activity or sabotage. It loads an external script from a CDN, initializes tracking functions, and provides user attribute management. The presence of debug logs is typical for SDKs. Overall, the code is safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}