{
  "purpose": "The code defines a pseudorandom number generator (PRNG) based on a linear congruential generator (LCG) and exposes various methods for generating random numbers, integers, floats, choices from arrays, and booleans.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from function parameters (e.g., seed string, range bounds, array inputs, probability values). It also reads the global object for attaching the RNG instance.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the random number generation functions which could be used to influence application behavior, but they do not directly lead to security issues or data leaks by themselves.",
  "flows": "The seed input influences the internal state of the RNG; this state then affects all subsequent random values produced by the methods. There are no external data flows beyond the seed and function parameters.",
  "anomalies": "The seed function assigns a seed based on a hash of a string or number, but there are no indications of hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code uses common math and logic constructs. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The seed initialization references an undefined variable 'seed' in the constructor, which appears to be a bug but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script creates a standard LCG-based PRNG with methods to generate random integers, floats, choices, and booleans. It uses a hash function to convert string seeds into numeric seeds. The RNG is attached to the global object and exported for CommonJS modules. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or stealthy activity. The only notable issue is the use of an undefined 'seed' variable inside the RNG constructor, which indicates a potential bug but not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to implement a basic, non-malicious pseudorandom number generator with common features. There are no malicious behaviors, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks detected. The main concern is a probable bug in the constructor's seed initialization, but this does not constitute malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}