{
  "purpose": "The source code provides utility functions for cloning objects, type checking, iteration, and number rounding, primarily for use within other JavaScript modules or applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters (target, object, collection, value, etc.) passed at runtime.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that lead to data leakage, system modification, or network communication. No code writes to external systems or sensitive data stores.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through type checks and recursive calls (clone, each, round), but no untrusted data is sent externally or used in insecure operations.",
  "anomalies": "The clone function relies on Object(target) and constructor checks, which are standard; no suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscated patterns are present. The functions are straightforward utility helpers. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for type checking, cloning, iteration, and rounding. The clone function can handle strings, numbers, and arrays recursively, but throws an error for unsupported types, which is typical. The isArray, isObject, isFunction, and isPlainObject functions perform standard type checks. The each function iterates over collections and halts on a truthy return value, which is standard. The round functions perform numeric rounding with specified precision. No dynamic code execution, external communication, or data exfiltration is present. Overall, the code appears to be utility functions without malicious intent or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of utility functions with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not perform any network activity, data leaks, or system modifications. The code appears benign and suitable for safe use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}