{
  "purpose": "The provided code contains utility functions for cloning objects, type checking, iteration, and number rounding, likely used for data manipulation within a larger application.",
  "sources": "Function inputs such as 'target', 'object', 'collection', 'value', 'func', and 'precision' which are parameters passed into the functions.",
  "sinks": "Data returned by functions, potential exception points such as thrown TypeError, and any externally influenced data if functions are called with untrusted inputs.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are processed through type checks and recursive calls, with potential for untrusted data to influence return values or control flow, especially in the 'clone', 'each', and 'round' functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Use of a custom 'each' implementation instead of native methods is noted but not suspicious. The 'clone' function throws an error for unsupported types, which is expected. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility functions for type checking, cloning, iteration, and rounding. The 'clone' function supports string, number, and array types, using recursion for nested arrays, with proper error handling for unsupported types. The 'isArray', 'isObject', 'isFunction', 'isPlainObject', and 'isString' functions are straightforward type checks. The 'each' function iterates over arrays or objects, calling a callback function, with an early exit if the callback returns a non-undefined value. The 'round' and 'roundIfNumber' functions perform numeric rounding with configurable precision, applying recursively to array contents if needed. There are no signs of data exfiltration, code injection, or malicious behavior. The functions are designed for safe data manipulation and type safety, with no hidden malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a set of standard utility functions with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It performs data cloning, type checking, iteration, and rounding safely, without exposing vulnerabilities or malicious activities. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}