{
  "purpose": "A Node-RED custom node for evaluating mathematical expressions with optional templating support, using 'built-in-math-eval' for expression evaluation.",
  "sources": "msg.payload, msg.function, msg.payload (via getMessageProperty), msg.topic, msg.topic (from config), environment variables (indirectly via msg or config if used elsewhere)",
  "sinks": "Evaluation via 'compile' (which uses 'eval'-like functionality), message output (msg.payload), static file serving for admin interface",
  "flows": "Input message -> optional extraction of message property -> parsing to float -> evaluation via 'compile' (with or without mustache templating) -> optional flooring/ceiling -> message output",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. Use of 'eval'-like evaluation can be risky if input is untrusted, but no malicious activity is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Node-RED node that evaluates mathematical expressions, optionally using Mustache templating. It reads message properties, processes them, and evaluates expressions via 'built-in-math-eval', which internally uses 'eval'. No network activity, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The use of dynamic evaluation introduces potential security risks if untrusted input is processed, but the code itself does not perform malicious actions. Error handling is in place, and static file serving is benign. The code is straightforward and standard for such nodes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Node-RED node for mathematical evaluation with templating support. No malware, obfuscation, or malicious behavior is detected. The primary concern is the inherent risk of evaluating untrusted input, which is a known issue with such evaluation libraries but does not constitute malicious activity. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2-0.4) are appropriate. Overall, the code is safe for use with proper input validation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}