{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be part of a schema-building library for integrating Prisma with Nexus GraphQL, providing dynamic property builders for CRUD and model operations.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters, environment variables, and imported modules. Environment variables influence paths and configuration flags.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the dynamic property factories that generate GraphQL schema types, and function calls that invoke Prisma client methods (e.g., photon[method](args)). These invoke Prisma client operations and type generation.",
  "flows": "Data flows from environment variables and input parameters into configuration objects, then into dynamic property factories which generate GraphQL types and resolve functions that invoke Prisma client methods.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behaviors, such as obfuscated code, hidden network calls, or suspicious data leaks. Usage of environment variables for paths and configuration is typical in such tools. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malware-like patterns are evident. No unexpected external calls or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically builds GraphQL schema types by defining dynamic properties 'crud' and 'model' using Nexus. It interacts with Prisma client (photon) to resolve data, based on model definitions. The code relies heavily on configuration, environment variables, and imported modules to generate schema and resolve data. It contains no network activity, no malicious file system manipulation, and no data exfiltration mechanisms. It appears to be a legitimate schema builder tool with standard patterns for schema and data resolver generation. No signs of malicious behavior such as backdoors, hidden data leaks, or malicious code injections are found.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a schema builder for Prisma and Nexus, intended to generate GraphQL schema types and resolvers. It performs data access via Prisma client calls within resolver functions, which is standard. There are no indicators of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. The only potential concern is the use of environment variables for paths, which is typical and not suspicious in this context. Overall, the code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}