{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a part of a schema-building library for integrating Prisma with Nexus/GraphQL, providing dynamic type and field construction, argument handling, and model mapping.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (e.g., NEXUS_PRISMA_TYPEGEN_PATH, NEXUS_PRISMA_CLIENT_PATH, NODE_ENV), imports modules, and processes schema definitions and configurations.",
  "sinks": "Uses input parameters, environment variables, and internal configurations to generate types, paths, and GraphQL schema elements. No apparent sink that directly executes untrusted data or writes outside intended schema generation.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence configuration paths and behaviors. Schema definitions flow through model and field processing, with argument and type transformations occurring internally. No evidence of data flow from untrusted sources to critical sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The code contains extensive schema and type generation logic, but nothing suspicious or malicious. No obfuscated code or uncommon language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a schema builder that configures and generates GraphQL schemas based on Prisma models, environment variables, and user configurations. It reads configuration paths from environment variables, transforms model and input type names, and dynamically creates schema properties like 'crud' and 'model'. The code includes standard import patterns, conditional logic for path resolution, and type handling. No signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors are evident. It is a typical schema-generation module with complex internal logic, but all operations are within the scope of schema and type construction.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a schema-building utility for Prisma and Nexus, with no malicious intent detected. It handles environment-based configuration, type transformations, and schema generation securely. The absence of suspicious code, network activity, or unauthorized data access indicates a low likelihood of malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}