{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be part of a schema builder for Nexus Prisma, designed to generate GraphQL schema types and connect them with Prisma models.",
  "sources": "Reads include environment variables for configuration paths, constructor parameters, and function parameters for model and field definitions. No direct input streams are evident.",
  "sinks": "Uses parameters for model names, field names, and types to generate schema definitions and resolver functions. No data leakage or external communication directly evident.",
  "flows": "No evident untrusted data flows from external sources to sensitive operations. Configuration paths influence internal logic but do not involve untrusted input processing.",
  "anomalies": "The code heavily relies on dynamic string manipulations, reflective function calls, and configuration-driven behaviors. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code constructs observed. No obfuscated code present. No code injection points or malicious code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical schema builder with functions to generate GraphQL object types and field resolvers based on Prisma models. It uses environment variables for configuration, which is standard. The dynamic method creation and proxification are common in schema generation libraries. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The code does not perform any network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification. It mainly focuses on schema construction, with careful handling of input arguments, type definitions, and model mappings. The reliance on external configurations and environment variables is normal for such libraries. There are no anomalous or suspicious code constructs such as malicious obfuscation, code injection, or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard schema-building utility for Nexus Prisma, with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. The code's design is typical for schema generation libraries and appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}