{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be part of a schema builder for a GraphQL API, integrating with Prisma and Nexus to generate GraphQL types and resolvers dynamically.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (NEXUS_PRISMA_TYPEGEN_PATH, NEXUS_PRISMA_CLIENT_PATH, NEXUS_SHOULD_GENERATE_ARTIFACTS), imports modules, and processes data from Prisma DMMF and GraphQL definitions.",
  "sinks": "Uses environment variables to determine paths; potentially writes generated types via Typegen; accesses Prisma client through provided context; executes user-defined hooks.",
  "flows": "Reads environment variables for configuration -> Imports modules -> Processes Prisma DMMF data -> Generates types and schemas -> Invokes hooks and user code during build and resolver creation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. No obfuscated code, code injection, or malicious network activity detected. The code structure aligns with a standard schema generator. Uses console.log for debugging; this is benign but indicates development-stage code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical schema construction module for Nexus and Prisma, dynamically creating GraphQL types and resolvers based on Prisma schema data. It handles environment variable configuration, generates types, and supports customized input/output types. No signs of malware such as data exfiltration, hidden network calls, or system disruption code are present. The presence of console.log statements is benign but might be considered a minor anomaly. The code does not perform any network operations or system modifications. It relies on user-defined hooks for error handling, which is common in such libraries. Overall, it looks like a well-structured, open-source schema builder without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate, complex schema generator for GraphQL and Prisma, with no indicators of malicious behavior. It handles configuration, type generation, and schema building responsibly. The only minor anomaly is debug logging. Overall, it appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}