{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to estimate the parameters of a beta distribution based on confidence interval bounds, using optimization techniques like Nelder-Mead, and caching results for efficiency.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters: ci_lower, ci_upper, ci_length; imports from local modules './nelderMead/nelderMead.js' and './cache/cache.js'; uses betainc from '@stdlib/math-base-special-betainc/lib/index.js'.",
  "sinks": "No untrusted data sinks such as network connections, file writes, or system commands; computations are purely mathematical and in-memory.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (ci_lower, ci_upper, ci_length) are used as sources, passed through the loss function, which computes beta CDFs, with results stored in variables; the optimization routines seek to minimize the loss without involving external or untrusted systems.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors observed. No code that performs network requests, system modifications, or data exfiltration. The caching mechanism appears to be a simple in-memory cache, not malicious. Use of optimization algorithms is typical for parameter estimation.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions to fit beta distribution parameters to confidence intervals using Nelder-Mead optimization and caching. It imports necessary mathematical functions and a local optimization routine. The main functions process input parameters, perform multiple optimization attempts with different initial guesses, and use caching to avoid recomputation. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as network activity, file I/O, or privilege escalation are present. The computations are mathematical and self-contained. The only potential concern could be the use of external libraries, but they are standard math libraries. The cache implementation is simple and not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign implementation of a statistical parameter estimation routine for beta distributions. No malicious intent, data leakage, or sabotage detected. It functions as a mathematical utility without external side-effects.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}