{
  "purpose": "This code is a PEG.js-generated parser that interprets input data based on predefined bytecode instructions. Its primary function is parsing input strings into structured data according to a grammar.",
  "sources": "Input data fed into the parse() function; the input string being parsed.",
  "sinks": "The evalLambda() function, which creates new functions from strings using new Function, acting as a potential code execution sink if input is malicious.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into the parser; certain parsed values are passed to evalLambda, which constructs executable code from input strings.",
  "anomalies": "Use of evalLambda() with untrusted input without sanitization, enabling potential arbitrary code execution. No obfuscation or hidden malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The static parser code is standard for PEG.js-generated parsers, with no embedded malware or obfuscation. The main security concern is the evalLambda() function, which creates functions dynamically from input strings via new Function. If the input is untrusted, this can lead to remote code execution. The code does not sanitize or restrict input before passing it to evalLambda, making it a significant risk in untrusted environments. The rest of the code appears standard and benign. The scores assigned in the reports reflect this: low malware scores (around 0.1-0.5) acknowledging the potential for malicious activity if exploited, and higher security risk scores (around 0.4-0.75) due to the dangerous feature. Overall, static code is not malicious, but the dynamic code execution feature introduces a high potential for security issues if misused.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard PEG.js parser with a critical security concern stemming from evalLambda's use of new Function to execute code from input strings. While the static code itself is not malicious, the lack of input validation makes it vulnerable to exploitation. The scores are consistent with this assessment; the malware score should be increased slightly to reflect the potential for malicious activity, and the overall security risk remains high if used with untrusted input.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}