{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component called ParallaxCard that creates a 3D parallax effect with hover interactions and layered content. It manages user interactions, calculates transformations, and renders styled layers for visual effects.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from React component props (e.g., children, style, isStatic, shineStrength, cursorPointer) and DOM events (mouse move, touch move). It accesses the DOM element via ref for measurements.",
  "sinks": "The code updates component state to control visual transformations; it does not directly write to external systems or outputs. No network requests, file operations, or environment variable usages are present.",
  "flows": "User interactions (mouse/touch events) act as sources triggering calculations that update component state and styles, resulting in visual effects. Data flows are limited to local component state updates and DOM manipulations.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes extensive React and prop-type boilerplate unrelated to the core component logic. No suspicious or hidden code patterns, obfuscated code, or external network calls are present. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or privacy violations are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component implementing a visual parallax effect based on user interaction. It uses standard React practices, manages local state, performs calculations for 3D transforms, and renders styled layers. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network communication, or sabotage. The dependencies are standard React and prop-types libraries, with no indication of tampering or malicious modifications.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React visual component with no malicious intent. It is self-contained, with no external data leakage, network activity, or sabotage mechanisms. It solely manages visual effects for UI enhancement.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}