{
  "purpose": "This code implements an image compression library called 'Ocpr' for use in browsers or Node.js environments, providing functions to load, process, and output compressed images with configurable options and hooks.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from File or Blob objects, and internally from image URLs generated via URL.createObjectURL or FileReader's readAsArrayBuffer/dataURL methods.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include the use of canvas.toBlob and canvas.toDataURL to generate compressed image data, and the optional success callback that could process or upload the resulting file.",
  "flows": "Input data (File/Blob) is read via FileReader or URL.createObjectURL, then loaded into an Image object. The image is drawn onto a canvas, potentially rotated or flipped based on EXIF data, then converted to a Blob or Data URL for output. Callbacks are invoked upon success or failure.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive utility functions for handling binary data, EXIF orientation, and image processing, but no suspicious or malicious code such as network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors. It adheres to standard practices for image manipulation. No hardcoded credentials, secret tokens, or obfuscated code were identified. It relies on standard browser APIs and does not perform any unexpected or unauthorized actions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive image compression library that manages image input, orientation correction, resizing, and output formatting with hooks for customization. It carefully handles different environments, browser compatibility, and image data processing. No parts of the code exhibit signs of malware or malicious behavior. The functions are typical for image processing, with no network communication, system modification, or covert data exfiltration present. The code is well-structured, and all internal functions relate to image processing tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, standard image compression library without any malicious intent or malicious behavior. It does not perform network requests, data theft, or system modification. It is a self-contained utility for image processing, following standard practices. Therefore, it can be considered safe with a low malware and security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}