{
  "purpose": "The code provides mathematical functions for calculations related to liquidity, pricing, and virtual/base reserves in a financial or trading system, likely for decentralized finance (DeFi) applications.",
  "sources": "Input data includes currentPrice, quoteVirtual, priceMin, priceMax, amountReal, amount, and other parameters passed to functions, typically derived from user inputs, market data, or external data sources.",
  "sinks": "Outputs are calculated values such as real and virtual reserves, quote and base amounts, and liquidity measures. No direct data leakage points or external data transmission are evident within the code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (sources) through mathematical computations involving square roots and ratios, resulting in output values used for trading decisions or reserve management.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains standard mathematical formulas for liquidity and price calculations; no suspicious code patterns, obfuscated code, or unusual behaviors are detected. All functions perform straightforward calculations with no side-effects, dynamic code execution, or hidden operations.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically implements formulas for reserve and price calculations common in DeFi applications. It uses consistent mathematical operations, with helper functions like sqrt(). The functions take inputs related to prices, reserves, and liquidity, and compute outputs such as virtual reserves and amounts. No hardcoded credentials, network calls, or data leaks are present. The structure is clear and adheres to typical financial calculation patterns. There is no indication of malicious behavior or sabotage; the code appears focused solely on mathematical modeling.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of mathematical functions for reserve and price calculations within a financial system. It does not contain malicious behavior, suspicious anomalies, or security risks. The code is straightforward, with no signs of malware or sabotage. It can be considered safe based on the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}