{
  "purpose": "This source code defines a custom Joi extension for validating numbers against regex patterns with multilingual support and detailed error messages.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options for regex validation, including the regex pattern, options, and message language setting.",
  "sinks": "The validation logic tests the number (converted to string) against the regex pattern. Errors are generated if validation fails, which could lead to error messages, but no data leaks or harmful actions are evident.",
  "flows": "Input options (regex, options) flow into the validation method. The number value flows from the input to the regex test. Errors are generated based on the test result, but no untrusted data flows into external systems or network actions.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes standard validation pattern with multilingual messages, no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. No external network connections or data exfiltration are present. The only notable aspect is extensive error messaging, which is typical for validation libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code extends Joi's number type with a regex validation rule, asserting that the regex is a RegExp object without global or sticky flags. The validate method converts the number to a string and tests it against the regex, returning the value if it matches (or inverted matches). Error messages are constructed with language support and include the regex pattern and optional name. No suspicious external calls, data leaks, or malicious behaviors are detected. The module is purely for pattern validation with detailed error reporting.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard Joi extension for number validation against regex patterns, with multilingual support. There are no signs of malicious behavior or malware. The validation logic is straightforward and safe, focusing solely on pattern matching and error reporting.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}