{
  "purpose": "The code defines a monetary amount class for handling currency amounts with high precision, converting between base and atomic units, and performing arithmetic operations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through constructor parameters ('currency', 'amount') and method arguments (e.g., 'amount', 'multiplier', 'divisor'). It also reads currency properties ('decimals', 'name').",
  "sinks": "The code performs numerical operations using the 'big.js' library. No direct sinks like network, filesystem, or external system interactions are present. No data is written to external systems or outputs that could leak information.",
  "flows": "Input source: constructor parameters or method arguments -> internal calculations using 'big.js' methods -> output as string or new 'MonetaryAmount' instances. There are no external data flows beyond local computations.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious constructs are present. The code follows standard numerical handling and class design patterns. The only potential concern is the global configuration of 'big.js', but it only sets precision parameters.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a monetary amount handler using 'big.js' for high-precision calculations. It converts input amounts to atomic units, provides comparison and arithmetic methods, and supports conversions to human-readable forms. The use of 'big.js' is standard and secure for arbitrary precision math. No external data sources, sinks, or malicious behaviors are evident. The global configuration of 'big.js' could affect other modules but is not inherently malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a clean, purpose-driven utility without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility for handling monetary amounts with high precision. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is well-structured and performs standard operations safely. No malicious or suspicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}