{
  "purpose": "The code implements a thermal analysis over a rectangular domain using boundary element methods, solving boundary conditions and internal temperature distribution.",
  "sources": "Input parameters include boundary conditions functions (bc1, bc2, bc3, bc4, t1, q1, t2, q2, t3, q3, t4, q4), mesh configuration parameters (el, x0, y0), and optional internal points (ip). Data is read from these parameters and boundary condition functions.",
  "sinks": "Computed matrices and vectors (H, G, HF, GF, GFINAL), boundary condition arrays (vBCT, vBCQ), and internal temperature arrays (TINTERN). Data is used for calculations, solution derivation, and final temperature output.",
  "flows": "Boundary condition functions provide input data (sources). Matrices H, G, HF, GF, and GFINAL are derived from fundamental solutions, which depend on boundary nodes and parameters. These matrices feed into the linear solver, which outputs boundary solutions. Boundary data feeds into internal point calculations, propagating boundary values inward to compute temperatures.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward with no obvious malicious code. It contains external module imports, but these are typical for mathematical solvers (linSystemSolverJordan, fundamentalSolution). No hardcoded credentials, system commands, or network activity are evident. Boundary conditions and data are derived solely from input functions and parameters. No obfuscated code or suspicious data handling is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a boundary mesh, assigns boundary conditions based on provided functions, computes fundamental solutions, and solves a boundary integral equation system. The process includes standard boundary element method procedures—matrix assembly, applying boundary conditions, solving the linear system, and calculating internal temperatures. All data flows are confined to the thermal analysis context. No data exfiltration, system modification, or network activity is observed. The code adheres to standard computational physics patterns, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code performs boundary element thermal analysis with no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is a typical implementation of a mathematical model, relying on external solver modules. No malicious signals such as data theft, system control, or network activity are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}