{
  "purpose": "The code implements a finite element method to solve a thermal problem in a rectangular domain, calculating temperature distributions with boundary conditions and internal points.",
  "sources": "Inputs include boundary condition functions (t1, t2, t3, t4, q1, q2, q3, q4), node coordinates, and optional internal points (ip).",
  "sinks": "The code performs matrix computations for boundary integral equations and solves linear systems; no direct data sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Input functions and parameters generate boundary conditions and node positions; data flows into fundamental solution calculations, matrix assembly, and solving systems for temperature distributions.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses imported modules ('./solver.js' and './fundamentalSol.js') but does not perform any suspicious network requests, system modifications, or hidden operations. It relies on boundary functions that could theoretically be manipulated but are expected to be safe. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation are evident. The code is straightforward in purpose and implementation.",
  "analysis": "The script performs geometric node generation, boundary condition setup, integral kernel evaluation via imported fundamental solution functions, and solves a boundary integral equation system. It computes temperature fields based on boundary conditions and optional internal points. There are no signs of malicious data exfiltration, system modification, or suspicious network activity. The use of imported modules is standard and does not imply malicious intent. The code's purpose aligns with thermal analysis; nothing in the implementation indicates malware or sabotage. The functions and flow are consistent with standard scientific computation routines.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a boundary element method for thermal analysis without any malicious behavior or sabotage indicators. It performs complex but standard calculations for solving PDEs in a defined domain. No malicious activity or hidden backdoors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}