{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React-based image uploader component with drag-and-drop functionality, file preview, and optional upload to a specified API endpoint.",
  "sources": "User interactions through drag-and-drop or file input, reading file properties (name, size, preview URL), and external API endpoints via axios post requests.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to specified API endpoint (axios.post), URL.createObjectURL for file previews, and potential data leakage through uploaded files.",
  "flows": "File data is created and processed upon user upload, generating preview URLs and uploading files via axios to the API endpoint. Processed responses are stored and can be accessed externally through imperative handles.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. Usage of axios for uploads is standard. The only notable aspect is handling API headers dynamically based on destinationFolder, but no malicious intent is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard React file upload component with features for preview, multiple file handling, and upload management. It creates object URLs for file previews, which are revoked during cleanup to prevent memory leaks. It uploads files via axios, with optional authorization headers. No code execution, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior such as hidden backdoors, cryptomining, or unauthorized data transmission are present. No obfuscation or obfuscated code is detected. The only potential security concern is the dynamic inclusion of 'destinationFolder' in headers, but this is typical for auth tokens or folder paths, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign React file uploader component with no indications of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It functions as expected for uploading and previewing files, with secure practices like URL revocation. No malicious activity or sabotage detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}