{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React-based image uploader component that allows users to drag and drop files, preview images/videos, and upload them to a specified API endpoint. It manages image previews, file processing, and uploads with support for multiple files and customizable UI styles.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from files via the 'react-dropzone' library, URL.createObjectURL for generating previews, and user-supplied props such as imagesArray, apiEndpoint, and destinationFolder. It also reads environment or prop-based data for upload URLs and authorization headers.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include axios POST requests sending FormData containing files to an API endpoint. The URLs and authorization headers are constructed from props, which may include sensitive info if improperly set. Image previews are generated locally via URL.createObjectURL, which is revoked on unmount.",
  "flows": "Files accepted from user input are processed into objects with metadata, then uploaded via axios POST requests to specified endpoints with optional authorization headers. Image URLs are created for previews and revoked when component unmounts. No other data leaks or network communications are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain obvious anomalies, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors. No suspicious external domain connections or obfuscated code are present. Use of dynamic URLs and headers depends on external props, which could be misconfigured but are not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical React file upload component utilizing 'react-dropzone' for drag-and-drop functionality, 'lodash' for unique ID generation, and 'axios' for network requests. It dynamically creates image/video previews, manages upload state, and sends files to a user-defined API endpoint with optional authorization. No malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system compromise, or hidden network activity is detected. The use of user-provided URLs and headers warrants cautious configuration but does not constitute malicious intent. The code handles cleanup of object URLs to prevent memory leaks. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured image uploader without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React image uploader component with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It handles file previews, uploads, and state management appropriately. Security risks depend on correct configuration of external URLs and headers but are not inherently malicious. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}