{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React-based image uploader component with file handling, preview generation, and optional server upload functionality.",
  "sources": "Input sources include user file selections via the 'react-dropzone' component, environment variables (potentially via axios headers), and React props such as imagesArray, apiEndpoint, and destinationFolder.",
  "sinks": "Data sinks include URL.createObjectURL for previews, axios POST requests to upload files, and potentially setting state variables that could be used elsewhere.",
  "flows": "User uploads files (source), files are processed into objects with metadata, previews are generated via URLs, and files are optionally uploaded to a server via axios POST. State updates reflect processed data.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution, no hardcoded secrets or credentials. The code uses standard React patterns, third-party libraries, and straightforward data handling. Console logs are present but benign.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a React component for uploading and previewing images/videos. Files are created with unique IDs, sizes are formatted, and previews are generated via URL.createObjectURL. The component handles multiple files and uploads them using axios, with optional authorization headers. No suspicious network activity or hidden behaviors are detected. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The presence of console logs is common during development but not malicious. The code’s structure and functions are typical for file upload components. No malicious intent or malicious code patterns are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React image/video uploader component with server upload capability. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident. It follows conventional patterns with no suspicious signals.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}