{
  "purpose": "The code implements an image uploader component in React, allowing users to drag and drop files, preview images or videos, and upload files to a specified API endpoint. It manages file previews, deletion, and uploading, with configurable styling and messaging.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from props (e.g., imagesArray, apiEndpoint, destinationFolder), user interactions (drag-and-drop, delete actions), and file objects obtained via the 'react-dropzone' library.",
  "sinks": "The code performs network requests via axios to upload files, uses URL.createObjectURL for previews, and handles file deletions from state. It also creates and manages form data for uploads.",
  "flows": "User drops files -> Files are processed into objects with previews and metadata -> Files are uploaded via axios POST requests -> Responses are stored in state and used for rendering previews.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes console.log statements for debugging purposes, which could potentially expose sensitive data in production. The 'destinationFolder' is used directly in the Authorization header without validation or sanitization, which could be misused if the input is malicious. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are visible. The code dynamically creates object URLs for previews but properly revokes them on unmount. There is no evident obfuscated or malicious code logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component designed for file uploading with previews and server upload functionality. It relies on standard libraries like 'react-dropzone', 'lodash', 'axios', and 'styled-components'. While it manages uploads and previews securely with URL revocation, the use of console.log statements, especially in production, could leak information. The direct use of 'destinationFolder' as an Authorization header value may pose a security risk if user-controlled and not sanitized, but this does not constitute malicious code; rather, it is a potential security misconfiguration. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, code injection, or system sabotage are present. The code does not contain obfuscation, reverse shells, or hidden backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical React-based file uploader with preview and server upload capabilities. It shows some minor security considerations, such as potential information leakage through console logs and insecure handling of the Authorization header, but no evidence of malicious intent or malware. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}