{
  "purpose": "These functions perform mathematical remapping of numerical values, converting ranges from [0, infinity) to [0,1] and vice versa, with options for signed/unsigned data. They are utility functions for data normalization or transformation.",
  "sources": "Input numerical values provided to remap or unremap functions; no external data sources or inputs beyond function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Internal mathematical calculations; no external data sinks, network activity, or data leaks.",
  "flows": "Input values flow into remap functions, undergo exponential and ratio transformations, and produce normalized output; no external communication occurs.",
  "anomalies": "In 'unremapTo5Space', the variable '_x' is used before assignment, which could cause runtime errors. This is a coding bug, not malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of straightforward mathematical functions for remapping numerical ranges, employing exponential functions and ratios. No external data flows, network activity, or obfuscated code are present. The only notable issue is the uninitialized '_x' in 'unremapTo5Space', which could lead to runtime errors but does not indicate malicious intent. The functions are well-structured, with commented-out code indicating alternative methods, but no malicious or obfuscated code is detected. The malware score is appropriately zero, as there is no evidence of malicious behavior. The security risk score is very low, reflecting minor bugs rather than security vulnerabilities. The code is safe for use in data normalization contexts.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of benign mathematical utility functions for remapping numerical ranges, with no malicious intent or obfuscation. The only issue is a minor bug related to variable initialization, which does not pose security risks. The malware score remains at 0, and the security risk score should be kept very low (~0.1). Overall, the code is safe, straightforward, and suitable for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}