{
  "purpose": "This code provides a React-based implementation for creating and manipulating cubic Bezier curves, primarily used for animation easing functions and visualizations in a UI component. It includes utilities for normalization, sanitization, and rendering of Bezier curves, along with custom React components for user interaction and preview.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from component props (e.g., value, displayValue, settings), references DOM elements via useRef (e.g., svgRef, handleLeft, handleRight), and captures drag events through useDrag. It does not read external input sources beyond React component props and internal state.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the onUpdate callback, which updates the curve control points based on user interaction. No external data outputs or network calls are present. The code may also generate CSS strings for cubic-bezier easing.",
  "flows": "Input props (e.g., value) are normalized and sanitized; user interactions with SVG handles modify control points, which are then passed via onUpdate callbacks to parent components. The curve evaluation functions generate visualizations and CSS easing strings.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments are present. The code appears to be a standard implementation of a Bezier curve editor with visualization, using common React patterns and mathematical computations. No obfuscated code, suspicious network activity, or hidden functions are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code involves mathematical calculations for Bezier curves, React components for visualization and interaction, and utility functions for normalization and sanitization of control points. It uses standard React hooks, event handling, and styling libraries. No external data sources or network activity are involved. The functions and components perform expected tasks without unusual behavior. The code's structure is consistent with typical UI visualization tools, and all operations appear transparent and focused on Bezier curve manipulation.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard React implementation for Bezier curve editing and visualization. It does not contain malicious behavior, suspicious data leaks, or security vulnerabilities. The functions and components perform expected roles with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}