{
  "purpose": "This code provides a React component and related utility functions to render and manipulate Bezier curves, including SVG rendering, user interaction, and normalization/sanitization of control points. It appears to be part of a UI library for easing functions, allowing users to select and visualize Bezier curves for animations.",
  "sources": "Imports from 'leva/plugin' (including styled, keyframes, useDrag, etc.), React hooks, useMeasure hook, and internal functions defining bezier calculations, normalization, and sanitization.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks identified; the code primarily manipulates data for visualization and user input handling. No network requests, file operations, or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Input data from user interactions (mouse drag) flow through onUpdate callbacks, updating control points; normalized/sanitized values are used for rendering and curve evaluation.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns observed. The code uses standard React and JavaScript patterns. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation. Function names and variable usage appear typical for a visualization tool.",
  "analysis": "The code implements mathematical calculations for Bezier curves, handles user interaction via useDrag, and renders SVG elements for visualization. It includes utility functions for normalizing and sanitizing control points, supports preset easing functions, and provides a component for selecting and previewing Bezier curves. No evidence of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors. All functions appear to serve UI/visualization purposes. The structure and dependencies suggest a legitimate visualization utility rather than malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React-based visualization component for Bezier curves with utility functions for normalization and sanitization. It contains no malicious behavior or security risks. It functions as part of a UI library for animation easing curve editing.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}