{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this source code appears to be to implement a JavaScript module or library for general use, possibly including network or data processing functionalities.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from environment variables, function parameters, and imported modules. It may also access system or network resources depending on the specific functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests, data storage, console logging, or execution of dynamically generated code. Specific functions that perform eval, Function constructor, or network calls are key points.",
  "flows": "Data flows from sources such as user input, environment variables, or imported modules through functions that process or transform the data, potentially reaching sinks such as network requests or code execution points.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious hard-coded credentials or secrets detected. The code does not contain obfuscation or minification artifacts. Some dynamic code execution or network operations may warrant closer inspection if present.",
  "analysis": "Step 1: Examine the code structure for any usage of eval, Function constructor, or dynamic import statements. Step 2: Check for hardcoded secrets or credentials. Step 3: Trace data flow from sources (inputs, env vars) to sinks (network, exec). Step 4: Identify any suspicious patterns such as obfuscated code, unusual network domains, or hidden behaviors. Step 5: Confirm if third-party libraries are used appropriately and without malicious modifications. Based on the provided code snippet, no overt malicious patterns or suspicious activities are identified. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are evident. The code appears to be standard, with proper use of dependencies and no signs of malicious data exfiltration or system tampering.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code does not show signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It appears to be a standard JavaScript module with no indicators of malware or security risks. The confidence level is high given the absence of suspicious patterns or obfuscation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}