{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to evaluate mathematical expressions defined by a formula string and data input, replacing variables with data values, handling parentheses, and performing basic arithmetic calculations.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from the 'json' parameter (json.data and json.formula).",
  "sinks": "The code performs mathematical computations internally; no direct data leaks or external outputs are evident. No external data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input data is inserted into the formula string, then processed through recursive parentheses handling and arithmetic operations, culminating in a numeric result.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code strictly performs expression evaluation. Variable substitution is straightforward, with no dynamic code execution or external resource access. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a safe expression evaluator with variable substitution. It processes input expressions by replacing variable names with corresponding data values, handles parentheses via recursion, and computes arithmetic following precedence rules. The implementation uses standard string manipulation and array operations, with no use of eval() or other dynamic code execution functions. The only notable feature is the use of '@' as a temporary marker for negative numbers, which is internally handled and not malicious. No external network, file, or environment interaction is present. The code appears well-structured for its purpose without security vulnerabilities or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard mathematical expression evaluator with safe practices. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It is suitable for use in applications requiring dynamic formula evaluation with variable data substitution.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}