{
  "purpose": "This code provides a mathematical expression parser and evaluator that replaces variables with data values, processes parentheses, and computes basic arithmetic operations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'json' object passed to 'cal', specifically 'json.formula' and 'json.data'. It also reads data from 'json.data' for variable substitution.",
  "sinks": "The code performs string replacements and evaluations; however, there are no direct outputs, network transmissions, or file writes. No sinks are identified that could leak data or cause harm.",
  "flows": "Input data in 'json.formula' is replaced with corresponding values from 'json.data'. The resulting expression is processed recursively to evaluate nested parentheses, then computed via 'calc' which parses and executes arithmetic operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code replaces '-' with '@' to handle negative numbers, which is unusual but a known technique to avoid conflict with operators. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code constructs are present. The code does not use eval(), reducing typical injection risk. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward mathematical expression evaluator with variable substitution. It replaces variables in the formula string, handles parentheses recursively, and computes the final result. It uses string manipulation and array-based parsing to process operators and operands, respecting operator precedence for '*' and '/' before '+' and '-'. The substitution mechanism directly replaces variable keys with their numeric values, which is safe as long as 'json.data' contains numeric data. There is no code execution, network activity, or external data access that could be malicious. The unusual handling of negative signs with '@' is a known method for parsing but does not introduce malicious behavior. Overall, the implementation is standard and safe, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, self-contained mathematical expression parser and evaluator with variable substitution. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident. It does not perform any harmful operations, network communications, or data leaks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}