{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for manipulating numbers and strings, including incrementing string numbers, padding numbers, handling zero values, and rounding numbers with specified precision.",
  "sources": "Data sources include input parameters: s (string), n (number or bigint), p (padding value), z (zero check), num (number), and precision (number).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are calculations involving input parameters, especially in rounding and padding functions, which could process untrusted data leading to inaccurate results or errors. No direct data leakage or network activity is present.",
  "flows": "Inputs (s, n, p, z, num, precision) flow into internal functions (__incString, __padNumber, __absZero, round), which perform manipulations and return modified data. No external data flows or outputs are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains disabled ESLint rules, potentially hiding code issues. The functions include complex number manipulations, such as BigInt handling and intricate padding logic, which could be suspicious if used maliciously. No hardcoded secrets or network activity are present. No obfuscation or malicious obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be utility functions for number and string manipulation with complex logic for padding and rounding, including handling of BigInt and edge cases like zero. The functions are standard in behavior and do not exhibit malicious intent. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious network behavior is evident. The use of disabled ESLint rules might be a minor concern, but not malicious per se. Overall, the code seems intended for numeric processing without any malicious activities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of numeric utility functions with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. The functions perform number/string manipulations safely and correctly, with no evidence of sabotage or malware. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}