{
  "purpose": "A utility class for rendering EJS templates with support for nested templates and streaming output, managing variables and rendering flow.",
  "sources": "Filename parameter in 'renderFile' and 'require' methods, scope object passed to render functions.",
  "sinks": "Output streams where rendered HTML is piped, potentially exposing untrusted data if scope or filename are malicious.",
  "flows": "Input parameters 'filename' and 'scope' flow into 'renderFile' and 'require', with 'filename' used in path concatenation './component/' + filename, then output streams receive rendered data.",
  "anomalies": "Dynamic filename concatenation without sanitization, use of 'delete this.render' after first call, no input validation on 'filename' or 'scope'.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a template rendering utility with nested rendering capabilities. The primary security concern is the unvalidated 'filename' used in './component/' + filename in the 'require' method, which could lead to path traversal if 'filename' is controlled by an attacker. No malicious code, network activity, or obfuscation is present. The use of 'delete this.render' is unconventional but not malicious. The code handles streams properly, with minor vulnerabilities stemming from lack of input sanitization. The assigned malware score is 0, as no malicious activity is detected. The obfuscated score is 0, given the straightforward code. The security risk score should be increased slightly to reflect the potential for exploitation via untrusted 'filename' inputs, leading to a score of approximately 0.3. Overall, the code is a benign template utility with a minor security concern that can be mitigated with input validation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, non-malicious template rendering utility with a minor security concern related to unvalidated filename inputs in the 'require' method. No malware or obfuscation is present. The risk score should be set around 0.3 to account for potential path traversal if inputs are untrusted. Implementing filename sanitization would mitigate this risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}