{
  "purpose": "This code provides a template rendering system using EJS, allowing rendering of templates with variable scope, within a stream, and supporting nested templates.",
  "sources": "Reading input data from function parameters (filename, scope, text), environment variables (not used explicitly), and external files (templates).",
  "sinks": "Writing output to provided streams or internal buffers; piping rendered output to writable streams.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (filename, scope, text) -> ejs.renderFile callback -> stream piping -> stream end -> return contents or resolved promise.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code. Use of dynamic file paths in require and render calls could be manipulated if inputs are untrusted, but this is typical for template engines. No evident obfuscation or malicious code execution. The code manipulates streams carefully, with proper async handling. No direct network calls, eval, or dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a constructor function for rendering EJS templates, handling streams and nested rendering. It accepts filename and scope for rendering, piping output to streams or buffers, and provides methods for rendering, nested component inclusion, and direct text output. It does not process untrusted input insecurely, nor does it contain network calls or dynamic code execution. The use of external libraries (ejs, stream-buffers) appears standard. There are no indications of malware or malicious intent. The use of 'delete this.render' is unconventional but not malicious, intended to run the render function only once. Overall, the code appears secure with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward template rendering utility that safely manages streams and nested templates without evident malicious intent. No malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}