{
  "purpose": "This code provides a template rendering utility using the EJS templating engine, allowing dynamic generation of HTML content and rendering templates to streams.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'scope' objects passed to 'render', 'require', and 'print' methods, as well as the 'filename' parameter specifying template files.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include piping output streams ('writeStream') for rendered content, and the 'write' method which writes text directly to the stream; also 'renderFile' potentially executes template code.",
  "flows": "Input 'scope' data flows into 'ejs.renderFile', which executes templates; output from templates flows into 'writeStream' via piping; 'print' writes directly to stream; 'require' loads additional templates within a template context.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or suspicious hardcoded URLs. Usage of 'delete this.render' indicates a self-destructing method pattern but isn't inherently malicious. The use of 'ejs-promise/ejs' suggests asynchronous template rendering, which is normal. No code appears to perform unauthorized network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes an EJS rendering environment, allowing templates to be rendered with provided scope variables. It uses a custom 'Instance' constructor to manage rendering and output streams. The 'render' method manages rendering templates asynchronously, piping output to a stream, and ensuring proper flushing. The 'require' method loads additional components relative to a directory. The 'print' method outputs text directly to the stream. There are no indications of malicious code such as network activity, data leaks, or backdoors. All file paths and operations are limited to the filesystem and stream output, with no suspicious behavior observed. The code does not include external network connections, data collection, or obfuscation. The use of 'delete this.render' suggests a one-time setup, not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a template rendering utility that safely manages template rendering and output streams without exhibiting malicious behavior. It does not contain malware, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious network activity. The security risk appears minimal, primarily due to its controlled file and stream operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}