{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for cloning objects and applying CSS vendor prefixes through the Prefixer class, which manages prefix addition based on node properties and parent context.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from objects passed to functions like clone() and process() methods, especially node objects representing parts of a CSS AST.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if node properties contain sensitive information, but there are no explicit data sinks like network transmission or file writing in this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input node objects through functions like parentPrefix() and process(), with modifications such as prefix additions. There are no external data flows or network interactions.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, obfuscated code, or hardcoded secrets are present. The code's logic appears consistent with CSS AST manipulation and prefix management.",
  "analysis": "The code is designed for CSS prefix handling, involving object cloning, prefix detection, and prefix application based on node types and parent relationships. It uses recursive cloning with care to avoid unwanted properties. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as network activity, file access, or code injection. All functions serve legitimate purposes related to CSS processing. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The use of dependencies (Browsers, vendor, utils) is benign assuming they are standard libraries. Overall, the code's structure and purpose align with normal CSS prefixing tasks, with no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard CSS prefixing utility with no malicious or suspicious elements detected. It performs object cloning and prefix management in a manner consistent with legitimate CSS processing. No security risks or malware signals are identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}