{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React component for image mapping, allowing interactive shapes over an image with event handling for mouse interactions and rendering.",
  "sources": "Reads input from props (e.g., src, map, event handler functions), and DOM elements (image, canvas, map).",
  "sinks": "Event handler functions that can invoke external callbacks, DOM manipulation for drawing on canvas, and attribute access on DOM elements.",
  "flows": "Input props (e.g., map data, event callbacks) flow into rendering functions and event handlers, which invoke user-provided callback functions. Canvas drawing functions utilize shape coordinates and style props.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors detected. The code uses dynamic method invocation (e.g., drawrect, drawcircle) based on shape type, but this is standard. No evidence of data exfiltration, suspicious network activity, or malicious intent. The code primarily handles rendering and event forwarding.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a React component for image mapping, utilizing canvas for shape highlighting and DOM map areas for interactivity. It binds event handlers for mouse enter, leave, click, and move, forwarding these to callback props. Canvas rendering is based on shape type and scaled coordinates. The code appears structured, uses common patterns, and does not include any hidden or obfuscated logic. No hardcoded secrets or external network calls are present. The use of dynamic method names (e.g., 'draw' + shape) is typical for shape rendering and not suspicious. The initial and core functions perform standard rendering and event delegation, with no malicious code detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React-based image mapping component designed for interactive shape overlays. It contains no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It functions to facilitate user interaction with images and overlays, with no suspicious activity observed.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}