{
  "purpose": "This code provides implementations of Perlin and simplex noise algorithms for 2D and 3D, likely used for procedural generation, textures, or visual effects.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters (xin, yin, zin), environment variables (none explicitly used), and internal seeded random permutation tables. It also reads external input through function calls.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain data sinks such as network transmissions, file system writes, or system commands. No data leakage or malicious system interaction points are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into noise calculations via coordinate transformations, permutation lookups, and gradient dot products. The primary flow is from function inputs through gradient calculations to final noise output; there are no external data exfiltration points.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes an explicit seed function allowing seeding of permutation tables, which could be manipulated to produce predictable noise patterns. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious constructs. The seed function supports arbitrary seeds, but no malicious behavior is evident from seed implementation alone. The code is well-structured, and no obfuscated or suspicious language features are used.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard noise functions (Perlin and simplex) with typical permutation and gradient tables. It includes a seed function that allows predictable permutation table generation. No external network or file system interactions are present. The functions solely generate procedural noise based on input coordinates, with no indication of malicious data collection or control. No unusual or hidden code behaviors are identified. The code is for noise generation, commonly used in graphics, and does not perform any harmful operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of Perlin and simplex noise algorithms for 2D and 3D. There is a seed function enabling reproducibility or predictable outputs, which is standard in such algorithms. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are detected, and the code poses no security threat. It is safe for use within applications requiring procedural noise generation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}