{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define utility functions for HTML escaping and indentation trimming, along with AngularJS module configuration, controllers, filters, directives, and routing setup for a documentation or UI application.",
  "sources": "HTML content in 'views' templates, AngularJS scope and route parameters, element HTML content via directives, and URL parameters for dynamic template URL construction.",
  "sinks": "Dynamic template URLs based on route parameters, manipulation of HTML content within directives, and scope watches that trigger re-rendering of HTML content.",
  "flows": "User input via URL parameters (e.g., ':name' in routes) flow into template URL generation; scope variables or HTML content manipulated by directives flow into DOM updates, with potential escape or formatting applied.",
  "anomalies": "The replaceAll function is redefined on String.prototype; it uses a regex based on the 'search' argument without escaping special regex characters, which could cause unintended behavior, but not malicious. The code does not handle or sanitize route parameters or user inputs directly in a way that suggests malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network activity, or obfuscated code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles UI rendering, routing, and content formatting using AngularJS. The 'escapeHtml' function prevents XSS in content display by escaping special characters. The 'trimIndent' function adjusts indentation of content for display purposes. The directives manipulate stored HTML snippets and re-render them with optional syntax highlighting. The dynamic URL construction based on route parameters ('name') is typical for a documentation site, with no evidence of malicious code injection or data exfiltration. No external network activity or suspicious behavior is observed. The code is straightforward, with standard AngularJS patterns, and no signs of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a typical AngularJS-based frontend utility and routing setup for documentation or UI purposes. It includes functions for content sanitization and formatting, with no malicious behavior, no hardcoded secrets, and no suspicious external interactions. The only minor concern is the redefinition of String.prototype.replaceAll, which could lead to unintended regex issues but not maliciously. Overall, the code appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}