{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a comprehensive set of data structures, interfaces, classes, and properties related to particle effects, behaviors, and rendering in a graphical or animation framework. It is likely used for configuring and managing visual effects within a larger application or system.",
  "sources": "Data sources include the window.searchData object, which contains structured information about interfaces, classes, properties, and enums. These data structures are read during initialization or configuration phases of the application to generate or manage particle effects and behaviors.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks are apparent in the provided code snippet. There are no indications of untrusted data being written to external systems, network, or system files. The code primarily consists of data structure definitions, which are generally safe unless used improperly elsewhere.",
  "flows": "The flow involves reading structured configuration data from window.searchData to initialize classes, properties, and behaviors related to particle effects, with no evidence of further data flow to external sinks within this snippet.",
  "anomalies": "The code is purely declarative, consisting of structured data definitions for various components of a particle system. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The data seems consistent and well-organized; no unusual language features or suspicious constructs are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a static dataset that defines types, classes, and properties for a visual particle effect system. It does not contain executable logic, external input handling, or dynamic code execution. It is used for configuration and type definitions, with no indication of malicious behavior. The absence of code execution, network operations, or data leakage points to a low likelihood of malicious intent. The structure and content appear typical for documentation or code-completion tools, possibly generated by a documentation system like TypeDoc.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the inspection, the code is a data definition structure for a particle effect library, with no malicious behavior or security risks evident. It is safe in isolation, with no indicators of sabotage or malware. It is unlikely to pose any security threat when used appropriately within the larger application.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}