{
  "purpose": "This code defines two mixin functions, Runtime and Throughput, which augment a base class with performance measurement and reporting functionalities, specifically for runtime and throughput metrics.",
  "sources": "The code reads its own function parameters, such as the base class (Base), and internally calls helper functions from './helper', which likely process results data. No external data input sources are evident within this snippet.",
  "sinks": "Console.log statements are used to output performance data. No untrusted data is directly written to external systems, files, or network sockets.",
  "flows": "Results data flows from the postAll and postEach methods, which process result objects; these are then used to compute metrics and output via console logs. No flow of untrusted user input or external data sources into sensitive sinks is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be straightforward, focused on performance metrics computation and reporting. No suspicious or unusual code constructs, such as obfuscation, hidden backdoors, or code injection mechanisms, are present. Usage of helper functions seems standard.",
  "analysis": "The code defines mixins that enhance performance measurement classes with additional methods for calculating and displaying runtime and throughput metrics. These mixins process result objects and compute statistical summaries. The console output functions display formatted performance data. No code performs network operations, data exfiltration, or system modifications. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code relies on external helper functions, but their implementation is not suspicious or malicious based on this context.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility for performance measurement and reporting, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It primarily logs performance metrics to the console and manipulates data within its scope. No external communication, backdoors, or malicious payloads are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}