{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Quantity class and related functions for handling physical quantities with units and conversions, primarily for scientific calculations.",
  "sources": "Input sources include unit definitions, system options, and string expressions passed to the Quantity constructor or methods like toString, in, and parse.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve evaluation of expressions, conversion functions, and string outputs. No explicit network, file, or external system interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input expressions or unit names through parsing and evaluation functions, then to output formatting or unit conversions. No external data leaks or injections detected.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. The code relies heavily on external modules (config, math, prefixes) whose content isn't shown; no malicious behavior is evident from the visible code. No suspicious dynamic code execution, eval, or obfuscated code is present. It uses straightforward functions and error checks.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a scientific quantity handling library with units, conversions, and formatting. It uses constructor functions, prototype methods, and external modules for configuration and math. No network operations, file access, or suspicious dynamic code execution is observed. The logic involves expression parsing, unit management, and mathematical operations, all consistent with legitimate scientific computing. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. The reliance on external modules for core functionality means potential risks are outside this code snippet but are not indicated here. Overall, the code appears clean, well-structured, and free of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a scientific quantity management library with no evidence of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It performs unit conversions and mathematical operations securely, without external malicious interactions. The code is safe based on the provided fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}