{
  "purpose": "Provides template compilation, preprocessing, precompilation, caching, and rendering functionalities for the Eco template engine, including dynamic loading of '.eco' files.",
  "sources": "Reading '.eco' files via 'fs.readFileSync' during require.extensions handling.",
  "sinks": "Execution of precompiled code via 'module._compile' during dynamic require of '.eco' files.",
  "flows": "File read from disk -> code passed to 'module._compile' -> executed in runtime context.",
  "anomalies": "Use of deprecated 'require.extensions' to handle '.eco' files; synchronous file reading and dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The code exports an Eco template engine wrapper with caching and support for loading '.eco' files dynamically. It uses 'require.extensions' to register a handler that reads files synchronously and executes their content via 'module._compile'. This pattern is deprecated and can be exploited if untrusted files are loaded, posing a security risk. No hardcoded secrets, network activity, or obfuscation are present. The functions 'compile', 'precompile', and 'preprocess' are external, and their security implications depend on their implementation, which is not provided. The pattern itself is known to be risky but not malicious in this context. The code does not contain malware or obfuscation, but the use of dynamic code execution introduces a potential attack vector if untrusted sources are processed. The overall risk is moderate, with a malware score of 0, obfuscated score of 0, and a security risk score around 0.5, reflecting the potential for exploitation due to deprecated practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard template engine wrapper with caching and dynamic file loading. It does not contain malicious code or obfuscation. However, the use of 'require.extensions' and runtime code execution from files introduces a security risk if untrusted files are loaded. The risk is moderate, and scores should reflect this, with malware and obfuscation scores at 0 and a security risk score around 0.5.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}