{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions to wrap and adapt an existing builder object with additional behaviors, primarily for modifying or extending its methods dynamically.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'builderWrap' parameter, which supplies functions to wrap the builder's methods, and from the 'adapter' parameter, which supplies an 'adapt' method.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leakage or execution occurs if untrusted data influences the behavior of wrapped functions or if 'builderWrap' functions perform unsafe operations. The 'format' function could be misused if 'nameTemplate' is untrusted, leading to format injection.",
  "flows": "Sources ('builderWrap' functions and 'adapter' properties) are used to modify the 'builder' object and invoke 'adapter.adapt', potentially passing untrusted data to sinks through wrapped methods or format strings.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for dynamic method wrapping. No hardcoded secrets or unusual code patterns are present. The use of 'format' with external input could pose formatting issues if inputs are malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code imports utility functions and defines 'wrapBuilder' to wrap specified methods on a builder object using provided wrappers, skipping non-function or 'adapt' keys. 'wrapAdapter' enhances an adapter object by formatting its name and wrapping its 'adapt' method to modify the builder before calling the original. No suspicious or malicious logic, backdoors, or hidden behaviors are evident. The pattern is typical for plugin or middleware systems. The only minor concern is that 'format' could potentially be misused if 'nameTemplate' is untrusted, but this does not constitute malicious behavior.\n\nThe code handles method wrapping dynamically, and no external data is fetched or transmitted. There are no indications of malware such as system data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors. The code's purpose is clear and legitimate.\n\nOverall, the code seems safe and does not demonstrate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a straightforward utility for wrapping builder methods and adapting an adapter object, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs typical dynamic method wrapping and formatting operations, with no signs of malware or supply chain threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}