{
  "purpose": "The code appears to parse and resolve CSS custom properties and functions, such as CSS variables and calc(), for styling purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data is primarily read from function parameters such as 'tokens' and 'value', and from external modules like '@csstools/css-tokenizer'. It also reads tokens generated from CSS strings via 'tokenize()'.",
  "sinks": "Data is processed internally, with potential to resolve variables and perform calculations. Possible sinks include the return values 'color', 'resolvedValue', and cached results stored via 'setCache'. There are no explicit external sinks such as network or file I/O, but the cache could be accessed externally depending on implementation.",
  "flows": "Input tokens are parsed via 'parseTokens' which calls 'resolveCustomProperty' and 'resolveVar'. 'resolveVar' tokenizes the input string and then processes tokens to resolve variable references or calculations, then outputs a string. Resolved values may include CSS colors or other CSS values.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code performs standard parsing and caching logic. The only unusual aspect is the use of cache mechanisms which, if compromised, could influence behavior, but that is not inherently malicious. No network or external data transmission code is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code thoroughly tokenizes CSS variable strings, resolving nested variables and calc() expressions. It uses caching to optimize repeated resolution, which is standard. The functions include robust type checks and error handling. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful side effects. It performs legitimate CSS parsing operations with internal caching, with no suspicious external interactions or obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a CSS variable and calc() resolver with proper token handling, caching, and error checking. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It appears to be a legitimate utility for processing CSS custom properties.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}