{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for resolving CSS custom properties, tokenizing CSS, and processing CSS variables, primarily for CSS parsing and resolution.",
  "sources": "Inputs include tokens from CSS strings, custom property objects, and options provided to functions. The primary source of untrusted data is user or external CSS input, which is tokenized and parsed.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of tokens for CSS calculation (cssCalc), string concatenation, and cache storage. There are no network or system operations directly triggered by the code, but cache functions (setCache, getCache) could be misused if compromised.",
  "flows": "Untrusted CSS tokens are tokenized and parsed; variable tokens (FN_VAR) trigger resolveCustomProperty which may invoke resolveVar to resolve CSS variables; resolved values may be used directly as CSS or style outputs.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or malicious obfuscation patterns are present. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious backdoors are detected. The code relies on cache mechanisms which, if manipulated, could impact behavior, but no direct malicious activity is evident. The use of eval-like behavior (cssCalc) appears controlled, but should be verified for safety. No network activity or system modifications are present. The code is straightforward and typical for CSS processing.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a CSS variable resolver, tokenizing CSS input, resolving custom properties, and caching results for performance. It carefully handles different token types, manages recursive variable resolution, and avoids executing arbitrary code. There are no signs of malicious code, network activity, or data exfiltration. The use of cache is benign, assuming cache functions are secure. The code does not perform any actions that could be malicious outside CSS processing. It adheres to expected patterns for CSS parsing and variable resolution, with no indications of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, legitimate CSS variable resolution implementation with no evidence of malicious behavior. It performs CSS tokenization, variable resolution, and caching in a straightforward manner, with no suspicious activities detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}