{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a bundled JavaScript module primarily used for styling tooltips and rendering UI components, likely for a React-based application, including hooks for event handling, DOM manipulation, and React internals.",
  "sources": "Data is read from DOM elements (e.g., node properties, attributes, and event objects), React component properties, and internal React internals (via Symbols and internal properties). It also accesses global objects such as window and document, and utilizes imported modules and functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows could occur when setting element attributes, styles, or innerHTML, especially if malicious data is passed into React components or DOM attributes. Event handlers could potentially be used to execute malicious code if provided with untrusted inputs, though no explicit input sources are shown as untrusted here.",
  "flows": "The code reads data from DOM nodes and component props, then potentially writes to element attributes, styles, innerHTML, or manipulates the DOM via createElement, appendChild, or insertBefore. Event handlers are attached dynamically, which could be exploited if they process untrusted data, but no such malicious input processing is evident. React internal rendering logic processes component updates, but no external untrusted sources are directly fed into these flows.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified, but structurally it does not show signs of obfuscation or malicious hidden code. There are no hardcoded credentials, suspicious network connections, or system data exfiltration routines. React internals and style injection are standard for UI libraries; no backdoors, system manipulation, or cryptocurrency mining code are present. No unusual code patterns or dynamic code execution (e.g., eval, Function constructor) are detected.",
  "analysis": "The initial code fragment is a standard CSS injection for tooltip styles, and the subsequent large block appears to be minified React rendering and event handling logic. No evidence of malicious behavior such as network requests, data theft, reverse shells, or sabotage is found. The code’s structure is consistent with a React styling and rendering module, with no hardcoded secrets or external untrusted data sources involved. The minification does not obscure obfuscation or malicious intent, and the code is typical for React-based UI components. Given the lack of suspicious activity, hidden network routines, or harmful code, the overall security posture appears safe.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a minified React UI component module primarily for tooltip styling and DOM manipulation. It does not contain malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or external network activities. It is a standard open-source React-based library segment with no signs of supply chain attacks or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}