{
  "purpose": "The code defines a DetectionService class used to detect faces in images by constructing a URL with parameters and uploading an image for processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the function parameters: image_path, localOptions, and class properties such as server, port, options, and key. It also reads from imported functions common_functions and upload.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows into the upload() function, which sends the image and constructed URL to an external detection endpoint. The key could be sensitive, but it is used for authentication in the upload process.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (image_path, localOptions, class properties) flow into URL construction and the upload function, which sends data over the network. The URL is built from potentially user-modified options and internal class properties, then used in upload.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. The URL construction appears standard. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious patterns are present. The code depends on external functions whose implementations are not shown, but their usage seems straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The class encapsulates detection functionality by constructing a URL based on server, port, and options. It then calls an upload function to send the image and retrieve results. All operations appear standard for a face detection API client. No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are detected. The code relies on external modules, but their usage seems normal. The key is passed in as a parameter, not hardcoded, reducing risk. No network connections to suspicious domains or data exfiltration activities are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate client-side implementation for face detection via an API. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware indicators. The security risk is low, assuming the external functions are secure. No anomalies or malicious intent are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}