{
  "purpose": "This code implements a client for a face detection API, constructing URLs with options and uploading images for processing.",
  "sources": "Input parameters include 'image_path', 'localOptions', and constructor parameters such as 'server', 'port', 'options', and 'key'. External functions ('get_full_url', 'add_options_to_url', 'upload') read data and handle URL construction and network communication.",
  "sinks": "The 'upload' function sends image data and URL parameters over the network, potentially exposing sensitive information such as the API key and image content during transmission.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('image_path', options, API key) flow into URL construction functions, then into the 'upload' function, which transmits data over the network to the detection endpoint.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. The code is straightforward and uses standard practices. No backdoors or hidden behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class that constructs a URL with specified options and uploads an image for detection. It relies on external modules for URL handling and network upload, which appear to be used in a typical manner. The API key is passed during instantiation, which is standard but requires external secure management. No malicious logic, obfuscation, or suspicious patterns are present. The data flow involves reading input parameters, constructing a URL, and performing an upload, with no signs of malicious activity. The malware score is 0, consistent with the absence of malicious code. The obfuscation score is 0, indicating clear code. The security risk score is low (0.2), reflecting potential exposure of sensitive data during network transmission but no active malicious behavior. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate API client with minimal security concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, legitimate client for a detection API, with no signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or backdoors. The minimal security risk is typical for networked API clients handling sensitive data and credentials. The assigned scores are appropriate and justified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}