{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to test and demonstrate the usage of a custom Sass function 'theme' and 'screen' for theme-based styling and media query generation in Sass files, with different rendering methods.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from template literals used in the render calls, such as CSS strings with embedded function calls and variables.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or effects could occur if untrusted input is passed into the 'theme' or 'screen' functions, affecting CSS output, or if errors are mishandled.",
  "flows": "Input strings with theme or screen function calls flow into the 'render' functions, which process them via Sass rendering methods, generating CSS output. Errors can be thrown during rendering if invalid inputs are provided.",
  "anomalies": "No malicious code or backdoors are detected. The code uses require() to load modules and functions for CSS processing, but no suspicious code like network requests, system calls, or data exfiltration is present. Usage of require.resolve and dynamic string interpolation appears benign and related to styling functions.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a test suite for Sass functions involving theme and screen handling. It performs no network activity, system modifications, or data leaks. The use of require() and require.resolve() is standard for loading modules and configuration files. The embedded CSS contains function calls for theme values and media queries, with error handling for invalid inputs. The overall logic focuses on CSS generation and validation, not malicious behavior. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. It appears to be a controlled testing environment for styling functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a test suite for CSS theme and screen functions with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It processes input data safely within a controlled environment, with proper error handling. No security risks are evident beyond standard CSS processing, and no suspicious activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}