{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a mathematical library involving integers, fractions, and rational numbers, providing functions for arithmetic operations, parsing, and stringification.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from function parameters and imported modules (@aureooms/js-...). No external untrusted data sources are explicitly read within this snippet.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that output or stringify data, but these are standard and do not appear to leak or send data externally. No network or system modification calls are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through various arithmetic and parsing functions, then to stringification functions for output; no external untrusted data flows into system or network layers.",
  "anomalies": "The code is complex and uses dynamic method creation; it includes an array of mathematical operations with some validation. However, it lacks hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The obfuscated comments and source map hint at minimized or compiled code, but no malicious obfuscation is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a mathematical library focused on rational, integer, and fixed-point arithmetic. It imports multiple modules for number processing, error handling, prime calculations, etc., and defines classes and functions for parsing, arithmetic, and string formatting. The structure is typical for such libraries, and there is no evidence of malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, code injection, or system compromise. The code appears to be a legitimate mathematical utility implementation with standard practices. No suspicious external network activity, hidden code, or malicious backdoors are apparent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a mathematical library module with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs arithmetic, parsing, and formatting of rational numbers and integers securely. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident in this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}