{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define mathematical operations, rational number handling, and number formatting utilities, likely for mathematical or computational purposes.",
  "sources": "Imports from external packages (@aureooms/js-integer-big-endian, @aureooms/js-integer, @aureooms/js-error, @aureooms/js-prime, @aureooms/js-number, @aureooms/js-rational). Internal functions accessing these packages and defining classes and methods that process input parameters and perform arithmetic operations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that parse or format strings (e.g., _parse_fraction, _parse_fixed_point, stringify_fixed_point, stringify_fraction), which could process untrusted input. Also, the use of external libraries for number operations, though not inherently malicious, could be misused if combined with malicious inputs.",
  "flows": "Input data enters via parsing functions or constructor arguments; these are processed through number and rational operations; outputs are formatted as strings. There is no evident network or system interaction within the provided code.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex nested functions and class definitions without clear documentation or purpose. The presence of references to external dependencies suggests reliance on established mathematical libraries. There are no obfuscated or minified code patterns, and no suspicious code like network calls, file system access, or environmental variable usage. The code’s structure appears consistent with mathematical utility libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines utility functions and classes for handling big integers, rational numbers, and number formatting. It imports well-known external libraries and wraps their functionalities in custom classes. Parsing functions accept strings and convert them into number representations, and formatting functions convert number objects back into strings. No suspicious or malicious behavior, such as network activity, data exfiltration, or system modifications, is present. The code does not perform any side effects beyond mathematical calculations and string processing. The complexity appears to be for mathematical operations, with no evidence of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a mathematical utility library focused on rational and integer number operations, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It leverages external trusted libraries and performs standard parsing and formatting tasks. The likelihood of malicious intent is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}