{
  "purpose": "This code provides a utility function for deeply comparing two objects for floating-point equality, primarily for testing or validation purposes.",
  "sources": "Imports external modules: 'debug', '@sindresorhus/is', and 'almost-equal'. No external data sources are read; the code operates on input parameters passed to the function.",
  "sinks": "The function processes input objects for comparison but does not write to external systems, network, or files. It does not contain code that leaks data or executes external commands.",
  "flows": "Input objects (a, b) flow into the function, where their properties and types are checked. The function compares elements of these objects, arrays, maps, sets, or typed arrays, using float comparison and recursive checks. No external sinks or data leaks are present.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors detected. The code is straightforward and focused on deep object comparison. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is present. The use of type checking and array iteration is standard. No malicious behavior or anomalies identified.",
  "analysis": "The code imports several modules to assist with type checking and float comparison. It defines a function to perform deep equality checks, handling arrays, maps, sets, typed arrays, regular expressions, and primitive types. The logic is conventional and adheres to best practices for deep comparison. No network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious actions are evident. The initial part defines utility functions and constants. The core function performs deep comparisons recursively with tolerance parameters. The code is clean, well-structured, and appears safe. It does not contain any code that would compromise security or privacy.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility function for deep object comparison with float tolerances. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It appears safe and focused solely on its defined purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}