{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a complex JavaScript bundle related to map editing, drawing, and geojson manipulation, likely part of a mapping library or plugin such as Mapbox GL Draw. Its main purpose is to provide drawing modes, feature manipulation, and map interaction controls.",
  "sources": "Reads include external libraries (@mapbox/geojson-normalize, lodash.isequal, hat, @mapbox/geojson-area, @mapbox/geojsonhint, traverse, jsonlint-lines, and other internal modules). Data is read from configuration, feature properties, geojson geometries, and map event data.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data sources are geojson feature inputs, map event data, and feature properties. Sinks include updating feature geometries, setting feature properties, and manipulating the map state. Notably, the code includes functions that modify geojson geometries and properties based on user interactions.",
  "flows": "Input geojson features or user interactions (clicks, drags) serve as sources. These flows lead to feature updates, property modifications, and feature creation or deletion. Map events trigger changes in feature geometries or map controls. There is no evidence of data being sent over the network, executed dynamically, or writing to files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious privacy violations are evident. The code is heavily minified and bundled, but no obfuscated or malicious code patterns such as system commands, network data exfiltration, or reverse shells are detected. There are no suspicious URL connections or network activity within this code fragment. All modifications are related to geojson features and map controls. No external data leakage or malicious side-effects are visible.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified bundle of a mapping library (likely Mapbox GL Draw or similar), implementing various drawing modes and feature management functionalities. It reads feature geometries, user interactions, and map events, then modifies geojson features accordingly. The code contains functions for feature creation, modification, selection, and deletion, as well as UI controls for drawing. The code does not include network requests, eval, dynamic code execution, or other typical malware behaviors. The structure is consistent with a standard mapping interaction module. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious behavior are present. Given the code's complexity and minified nature, confidence is moderate, but the lack of malicious patterns suggests benign intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical bundled module for map feature editing and interaction, with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It performs geojson manipulations and UI control logic securely. No malicious signals or sabotage are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}