{
  "purpose": "This code calculates the relative position of a value within a given range of numbers, normalized between 0 and 1.",
  "sources": "The function reads its parameters: 'value' (number) and 'values' (array of numbers). It also reads from the global Math object to compute maximum and minimum values.",
  "sinks": "The function performs calculations on the input data but does not write or transmit data outside the scope of the function. It returns a numeric result based on the input parameters.",
  "flows": "Input 'value' and 'values' array are processed to find the range, then used to compute a normalized position. No data flows to external systems or network.",
  "anomalies": "The calculation for the relative position appears to be flawed: it returns 'value / range - 1', which does not correctly normalize 'value' within the min-max range. Instead, a typical normalization would involve (value - min) / (max - min). No obfuscation or suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a utility function to normalize a value within a range, but the implementation is incorrect for its intended purpose. It retrieves maximum and minimum from the 'values' array using Math.max.apply and Math.min.apply with spread operators. The function's calculation does not properly normalize the value within the range; instead, it performs an invalid calculation ('value / range - 1'), which could lead to incorrect results, but it does not involve malicious behavior. The code does not perform any network operations, file access, or other side effects. There are no signs of obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward utility function intended for normalization but contains a logical error in its calculation. There is no malicious behavior, suspicious activity, or security risk detected. The primary concern is the incorrect implementation, not malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}