{
  "purpose": "The code implements an accessible modal overlay component (AccessBlock) for web pages, allowing dynamic creation, display, and removal of a focus-trapped overlay with customizable content, styling, and callbacks.",
  "sources": "User-supplied options in the constructor, including configuration objects, class maps, callback functions, focusable selector list, and optional parameters such as id, focusAfterClose, role, overlayOpacity, etc.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation points such as appending the chrome element, appending style tags for CSS, moving existing DOM nodes into the aria-hidden wrapper, and setting focus. Also, event listeners for focus are added to focusable elements.",
  "flows": "Initialization merges options, generates unique IDs, then buildChromeHtml creates DOM elements. The open() method appends elements to the DOM, moves existing content into aria-hidden, sets focus, and attaches focus event listeners. The close() method reverses these actions. Callbacks are invoked at lifecycle stages.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code observed. Inline style injection for animation and body freeze is straightforward. SVG loader creation is standard; no suspicious network activity or system modifications detected. Focus trapping and DOM restructuring are typical for modal implementations. Use of third-party libraries (lodash.merge, short-unique-id) is not suspicious by itself.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a modal overlay component designed for accessibility and customization. It manages focus trapping, overlays, and content dynamically, with callbacks for lifecycle events. The unique ID generation is based on a standard library, and inline style injection for overlay and animation effects is safe. Moving DOM nodes into a hidden wrapper and restoring them on close is a common accessibility technique. No evidence of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or sabotage is present. The code adheres to standard practices for modals, and no obfuscated or suspicious code segments are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation of an accessible modal overlay component. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident. The use of third-party libraries is typical and not suspicious. The component manages focus, overlay display, and lifecycle callbacks securely. Overall, the code is safe and does not pose security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}