{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a simple module wrapper designed to expose a function in various JavaScript module systems (CommonJS, AMD, or global). Its purpose is likely to provide a utility or library functionality.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the global context (`this`) and from the parameters `e` and `t` in the IIFE (Immediately Invoked Function Expression). It also detects module systems and defines the module accordingly.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that process untrusted data or perform security-sensitive actions. The code does not interact with network, filesystem, or environment variables.",
  "flows": "The flow is primarily module export logic. It sets up a universal module definition but does not process or pass any external or untrusted data.",
  "anomalies": "The code is a minimal, standard pattern for UMD (Universal Module Definition). There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The presence of a source map comment (`//# sourceMappingURL=index.js.map`) is normal for minified or transpiled code but can be used for debugging; it does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward UMD wrapper that enables the module to be compatible with multiple JavaScript environments. It defines a function that returns the input argument unchanged, which is a simple identity function. The code does not perform any data manipulation, network activity, or environment variable access. The source map comment is standard and indicates the existence of source maps for debugging. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this snippet.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign module wrapper with a simple identity function. It follows common patterns for JavaScript modules and contains no suspicious or malicious code. The source map comment is typical for transpiled/minified code and does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}