{
  "purpose": "This code defines a PostCSS plugin named 'postcss-kolache' that resolves and transforms '@import' at-rules in CSS, using a custom resolver to handle import paths and caching.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the CSS root object, specifically '@import' at-rules, and the 'opts' parameter which can contain user-provided options.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve the 'transformRule' function that processes '@import' rules, and the 'resolve' function which reads files from specified paths; these could lead to file system access or code execution if manipulated maliciously.",
  "flows": "Input from CSS '@import' at-rules is processed through 'transformRule', which uses 'resolve' to locate files based on 'importPaths'. The results are collected into promises and executed via Promise.all, with options potentially influenced by external 'opts'.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code uses standard library functions for file resolution and promise handling. No obfuscated code or unusual constructs are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes default options for import paths and caching, then creates a resolver function that reads files from the filesystem. The plugin function walks '@import' at-rules and transforms each rule via 'transformRule'. It manages asynchronous operations with Promise.all. The reliance on external modules like '@csstools/sass-import-resolve' for resolving imports is standard and safe. No signs of malicious behavior, data leaks, or sabotage are evident. The main potential risk is if 'transformRule' or 'resolve' are compromised or malicious, but based solely on this code, the functions appear legitimate.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical PostCSS plugin that resolves '@import' rules with standard practices. There are no signs of malicious intent, suspicious data leaks, or backdoors. The security risk is minimal, assuming the external modules are safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}