{
  "purpose": "This code defines a PostCSS plugin named 'postcss-kolache' that processes '@import' at-rules in CSS files, resolving import paths and transforming rules as needed.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the CSS AST node 'root' and the 'opts' configuration object.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows could involve the 'resolve' function resolving import paths that may originate from untrusted input, and the 'transformRule' function processing these rules. These could lead to code injection or malicious import resolution if input is not sanitized.",
  "flows": "Source: '@import' at-rules in CSS; Sink: the 'transformRule' function and 'resolve' function resolving import paths and transforming rules based on the CSS AST and options.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code dynamically resolves import paths, which could be risky if 'importPaths' or 'resolve' are manipulated with malicious inputs, but this appears to be standard usage.",
  "analysis": "The plugin initializes default options and allows overriding via 'opts'. It defines a 'resolveImport' function that resolves import paths using an external resolver. The main plugin function processes CSS '@import' at-rules, resolves their paths, and applies transformations via 'transformRule'. The code uses promises to handle asynchronous resolution. No evidence of malicious code, backdoors, or malicious behavior is present. The code handles standard CSS processing tasks with secure patterns. Potential risk exists if user-controlled input influences import paths, but this is a typical and expected pattern in CSS processing pipelines.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard PostCSS plugin that handles CSS '@import' rules by resolving paths and transforming rules. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. Security risk is minimal but depends on how input options are provided; overall, the code appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}