{
  "purpose": "This code appears to implement a client-side library for making HTTP requests, handling authentication tokens, processing CSV data, and performing calculations via API calls for a cloud-based service related to risk assessment or modeling.",
  "sources": "Input data includes CSV strings, network request responses, environment variables for tokens, and user-provided parameters for API requests.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to external URLs (authentication and API endpoints), handling of tokens, and processing of potentially untrusted CSV data.",
  "flows": "Input data (CSV, user params) is processed and sent via API requests; tokens are retrieved and used for authenticated requests; responses are processed and returned; CSV data is parsed into structured observations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code manages tokens securely with expiry checks. No suspicious network domain or unusual data leakage behaviors are evident. No obfuscation or minification techniques typical of malicious code are used. There is some dynamic code execution related to network requests, but this is typical for HTTP request handling.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive API client library that manages authentication, performs calculations, reads CSV data, and handles batch operations. It uses standard practices for token refresh and request handling. No suspicious or malicious logic such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or unauthorized access mechanisms are detected. The network interactions are with specified URLs and do not exhibit signs of malicious domains. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are evident. The code structure and language features are consistent with legitimate client SDKs.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate client library for API interactions with a cloud service. It manages tokens securely and processes data in a typical manner without signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}