{
  "purpose": "This code appears to implement a JavaScript SDK for making authenticated API requests, performing calculations, reading CSV data, and handling token-based authentication with a remote server.",
  "sources": "Code reads environment (e.g., fetch, DOMException, URLSearchParams), network inputs (API URLs, request bodies), and user credentials for authentication.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to external API endpoints, especially token URL and calculation endpoints; potentially sensitive data like tokens and request payloads.",
  "flows": "Code obtains credentials and tokens (sources) and uses them in API requests (sinks). Authentication tokens flow from token exchange to subsequent API calls, with flow control managed by token refresh logic.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. The code heavily utilizes network requests for token exchange and data calculation, but no suspicious URL domains or data leaks are evident. No obfuscated code detected; code structure is complex but appears legitimate for SDK functionality.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a comprehensive API client with token management, request handling, and CSV processing functions. It manages authentication tokens, refreshes them proactively, and makes API calls with proper headers. All network interactions seem to target legitimate API endpoints. The code does not include any data exfiltration, suspicious domain connections, or hidden backdoors. The complexity and the use of standard web APIs suggest legitimate SDK usage. No malicious behaviors such as data theft, system damage, or cryptocurrency mining are evident. The code structure and logic do not indicate obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate SDK implementation for API interaction with token management and data processing features. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It appears to be safe and purpose-driven, focusing on authentication, API requests, and CSV data handling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}