{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WebGL-based 3D IFC model viewer, allowing loading, rendering, interaction, and manipulation of 3D models in the browser.",
  "sources": "Inputs include URLs, Blob, or File objects for model and binary data, and user interaction events such as mouse clicks, movements, and scrolls.",
  "sinks": "Rendering functions, WebGL buffers and textures, and user interactions that could affect or leak data if manipulated maliciously.",
  "flows": "User inputs (mouse, scroll) influence camera and model states; model data loads from external sources; shader code processes geometry and color ID for picking; GPU buffers and textures are filled and used for rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network calls are detected. Shader code appears standard for visual effects and picking. Usage of external model data is handled via standard FileReader and XMLHttpRequest with proper response handling. No hidden network communication, cryptomining, or data exfiltration routines are present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a comprehensive 3D model viewer with features for loading models, setting camera, interaction, and rendering. It uses WebGL, shaders, and binary parsing for geometry data. The code includes event handlers for user interactions and mechanisms for styling, state management, and model manipulation. No suspicious external network calls or obfuscated logic are present. Shader code is standard for ID picking and rendering modes. All inputs are processed through safe APIs with error handling. External dependencies are not included directly but could originate from external sources; however, no malicious code or data leaks are evident from this fragment.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, feature-rich 3D IFC model viewer with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It employs standard practices for rendering, interaction, and data handling. No malware signals or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}