{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for evaluating classification models, including cross-validation, precision/recall metrics, and TF-IDF calculations for text analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from 'validationData', 'trainingData', and 'documents'. It also imports './document' module for n-gram frequency analysis.",
  "sinks": "The functions process data without executing untrusted input directly, primarily using mathematical operations and data structures. No code executes external commands, network requests, or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'validationData', 'trainingData', and 'documents' are processed through various functions (e.g., getClassificationStats, getTfidf). No untrusted data flows into system commands or external interfaces. The data flows mainly involve internal calculations and data manipulation.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors detected. The functions are standard for classification evaluation and text processing. No obfuscated or misleading code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of standard classification evaluation functions: computing classification stats, accuracy, precision, recall, and TF-IDF for text data. It uses a simple shuffle function and processes data in a conventional manner. No network operations, system modifications, or malicious logic present. The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of evaluation metrics and text analysis. It references an external 'document' module for n-gram frequency analysis but does not execute or evaluate it directly. Overall, the code is straightforward and aligned with typical data science utilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of classification metrics and text analysis functions without any malicious behavior or suspicious activity. It processes data for model evaluation and feature extraction securely and transparently.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}