{
  "purpose": "The code is a comprehensive test suite validating the functionality, edge cases, and precision handling of the BigFlo arbitrary-precision decimal library. It performs arithmetic operations, boundary checks, and special value handling (NaN, Infinity).",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from hardcoded numeric literals, string representations, and special values like NaN and Infinity within test cases. No external data sources or user inputs are involved.",
  "sinks": "Results are processed internally, with outputs via toString() for comparison. There are no external system interactions, network requests, or data exfiltration points.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input literals or BigFlo constructors through arithmetic methods (plus, minus, times, div, pow), with results converted to strings for validation. No external sinks or untrusted data flows are present.",
  "anomalies": "The only anomaly is the test expecting '0' for 'Infinity - Infinity', which is mathematically incorrect (should be NaN). This appears to be an incorrect test expectation, not malicious code or obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward, extensive set of validation tests for the BigFlo library, covering various operations, special values, and precision settings. It does not contain any suspicious patterns, obfuscated code, or malicious behavior. The tests are designed to verify correctness and edge case handling. The incorrect expectation for 'Infinity - Infinity' is a logical error in the test, not a security concern. No external data flows, network activity, or malicious payloads are detected. The code is benign and purely for validation purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured test suite for a numerical library with no malicious intent or security risks. The only issue is a test expectation flaw regarding 'Infinity - Infinity', which should be corrected. The malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the overall security risk is very low (~0.1-0.2), justified by the nature of the tests.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}