{
  "purpose": "This code provides Vue.js components for image zooming and gallery functionality, including interaction handling like touch, mouse wheel, and double-tap events. It is intended to enable interactive image manipulation within a Vue application.",
  "sources": "Inputs are user interactions such as mouse events, touch events, window resize events, and image load events. Data is also read from environment variables like window size and style computations.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data could be injected via event handlers (e.g., onTouchMove, onMouseWheel) that modify internal state, but these are managed internally and are not used in unsafe contexts such as executing arbitrary code or network requests.",
  "flows": "User interactions (touch/mouse events) flow into handlers that modify transformation states (scale, translation). Event callbacks (like onDoubleTap) invoke methods that adjust zoom levels or reset the component, but do not execute external code or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code segments. The inclusion of lodash for debounce functions is standard. The code handles user interactions appropriately, with no evidence of data exfiltration, network communication, or malicious backdoors. It is a comprehensive Vue component setup with standard event handling and style injections.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of Vue component definitions for zoomable images and galleries, with interaction logic including pinch, double-tap, mouse wheel, and drag events. External libraries like lodash are used for debouncing interaction end events. Event handlers are used to update component state safely, with no signs of malicious network requests, code injection, or data theft. The code properly isolates user interaction effects to UI state changes and does not include any obfuscated or suspicious code patterns. All embedded scripts perform their intended UI functions without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a standard implementation of Vue.js components for image zooming and gallery interactions. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware signatures. The code follows normal practices for handling user input and style injection. It is safe for use from a security standpoint.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}