{
  "purpose": "This module provides mathematical functions for interpolation, cyclic interpolation, and data normalization, primarily intended for animation or data processing tasks.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'values', 't', 'a', 'b', 'p0', 'p1', 'p2', 'p3', and 'nums'. These are supplied externally during function calls.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include return statements that output interpolated or normalized data. No direct data leak points are evident. The normalize_1D function modifies its input array in place and returns it.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through calculations in interpolation functions, and the normalized array in normalize_1D. The data does not appear to be transmitted externally or over network in this code.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code consists solely of mathematical functions with clear purposes. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several mathematical functions for linear, quadratic, cubic, and cyclic interpolations, as well as a normalization function. All functions operate on numeric inputs and produce numeric outputs. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as system commands, network activity, or data exfiltration. The functions are well-structured and serve standard computational purposes. The normalization function modifies the input array in place, which could be considered unusual but is not malicious. Overall, the code appears to be straightforward and benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of mathematical interpolation functions without any malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It is unlikely to be harmful or malicious. No malware signals are detected. The primary concern might be the in-place modification in normalize_1D, but this is a common pattern and not malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}