{
  "purpose": "The code provides a React Native widget component for handling cryptocurrency transactions, including URL generation, permission handling, and rendering a WebView. It is designed to facilitate user interactions with a widget hosted at predefined URLs.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment and API keys from props and refs; it also reads user input indirectly through URL parameters and permissions.",
  "sinks": "The WebView loads generated URLs, and alert dialogs are used for permissions and confirmations. No direct data leaks or external network requests other than the WebView URL are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (API keys, user ID, parameters) are used to generate URLs; URLs are loaded into WebView; permission results and user interactions flow through callbacks and state changes.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. URL parameters are dynamically generated with user data, but no evidence of malicious code injection or backdoors. Permission checks are standard. No obfuscated code detected. Usage of console.log in dev/staging is expected. No hidden network activity or system modifications are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a React context for a widget, manages state for visibility and URL, and constructs a URL with multiple parameters based on user input and environment settings. It handles permissions for camera access with appropriate prompts, and reloads the WebView when URL changes. No signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, unauthorized network activity, or backdoors are detected. The code adheres to standard React Native practices and does not perform any suspicious actions beyond expected widget functionality.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React Native widget implementation for cryptocurrency transactions. It dynamically generates URLs, handles permissions, and displays a WebView. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident. The code is safe based on the provided analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}