{
  "purpose": "A lightweight JavaScript library (AXE) for creating CSS animations with dynamic keyframe compilation, variable definitions, and style injection. It manages animation properties, generates CSS rules, and applies animations to DOM elements.",
  "sources": "User options for animation parameters, style strings, DOM elements for applying styles and event listeners, internal variables for keyframes and configurations.",
  "sinks": "DOM style sheets (style elements), class attributes, inline styles, event handlers (via eval), and dynamically injected CSS rules.",
  "flows": "Input options flow into style and keyframe generation, which then inject CSS into the document; event callbacks are stored as base64-encoded functions and executed via eval(); variables are defined and evaluated dynamically; style rules and keyframes are built and injected based on user input and internal data.",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval() to execute base64-encoded callback functions and variable definitions; dynamic creation and injection of style and keyframe rules; encoding functions in base64 as a means of obfuscation; no input sanitization for eval() calls.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as an animation utility that dynamically generates CSS rules and keyframes, injecting them into the document. It relies heavily on eval() to execute callback functions stored as base64 strings, which introduces security vulnerabilities. While there is no evidence of malicious activity such as network requests or system access, the use of eval() without sanitization can be exploited if inputs are manipulated. The code does not perform any malicious actions by itself but poses a significant security risk due to unsafe dynamic code execution. The pattern of encoding functions in base64 adds a layer of obfuscation but does not constitute heavy obfuscation. The overall structure is typical for a style and animation generator, with the primary concern being the eval() usage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate animation library with dynamic style and keyframe injection, but it relies heavily on eval() with base64-encoded functions for callbacks and variable definitions. This introduces high security risks, as malicious inputs could exploit eval() to execute arbitrary code. There is no evidence of malware such as network activity or system access, but the unsafe eval() pattern warrants caution. The malware score is low (0), the obfuscation score is moderate (~0.4), and the security risk score is high (~0.75), justified by the eval() usage. It is recommended to refactor the code to avoid eval() and improve security if used in untrusted environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}