{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive Angular-based frontend demo application for the 'fuzz-js' library, including components for search, visualization, and code display. It is designed for user interaction with fuzzy string search functionalities.",
  "sources": "Data inputs are from user interactions (search queries, JSON input for data), and imported libraries (faker, fuse.js, lodash, highlight.js) for data generation, fuzzy searching, utilities, and syntax highlighting.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present that handle untrusted data in a dangerous manner. The code mainly manipulates DOM elements for display, processes user input, and renders highlighted code snippets. No network requests, file operations, or system commands are observed.",
  "flows": "User inputs (search queries and JSON data) are processed through internal functions to perform fuzzy search and update the display. Data generated via faker is used internally for demo purposes. The code does not show any external data transmission or dangerous command execution.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code constructs. The code uses common libraries and standard Angular patterns. No backdoors, obfuscated code, or malicious code patterns are evident. External dependencies like faker and fuse.js are typical for demo applications, and their usage appears benign.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard open-source libraries, including faker for data generation, fuse.js for fuzzy searching, lodash for utility functions, and highlight.js for syntax highlighting. Components are designed for user interaction and visualization without any network requests or system modifications. No code patterns suggest malware, such as code injection, system access, or data exfiltration. All data flows are confined within the app, mainly for display purposes. The overall structure is typical for a frontend demo app, with no suspicious or malicious signals.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Angular frontend demo application for the 'fuzz-js' library, with no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It strictly performs data generation, search, and visualization within a controlled environment. No security risks or malicious activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}