{
  "purpose": "This code defines a class 'WiggleBone' for animating and manipulating 3D bone-like objects within a scene, including helper objects for visualization, mainly used in 3D animations or simulations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the target object's position and rotation, and from options provided during instantiation. It also reads from performance.now() for timing calculations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include manipulation of target position and rotation, and addition/removal of objects in the scene graph, which could affect scene state if misused. No direct network or file I/O.",
  "flows": "Input data from target's position/rotation flows into helper position updates; timing data flows into the update loop; these influence the position and orientation calculations of helper objects and the target object.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. Use of helper objects cloned from a basic mesh appears standard. The code performs typical 3D transformations and animations without obfuscation or malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a class for managing bone-like objects in a 3D scene, with methods for resetting, updating, and disposing of objects. It clones helper meshes for visualization, updates positions and orientations based on scene hierarchy and timing, and performs typical 3D math operations. No network activity, data exfiltration, or suspicious external calls are present. The logic is consistent with 3D animation routines. It appears to be a legitimate utility class for scene animation purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard 3D animation utility for managing bone-like structures within a scene. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data leakage. It functions as intended for scene management and animation, with no indications of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}