{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript library for rendering interactive charts using D3.js and jQuery, including chart models, event handling, and drawing functions, primarily for visualizing student scores and attention coefficients.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through the ChartModel constructor (source parameter) and user interactions via mouseover/mouseout events on chart markers.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leak points include the tooltip display functions, which expose data via DOM element attributes and text, but do not send data externally. No network transmission of data is observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the data source into the ChartModel; user interactions trigger tooltip updates via DOM manipulations. There are no network requests or external data exfiltration pathways in the code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are identified. No obfuscated code, misleading variable names, or dynamic code execution are present. The code primarily manipulates DOM elements and visualizes data.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a chart model with provided data and options, rendering SVG-based visualizations including background, grid, axes, labels, and data points. Event handlers manage tooltip visibility and content on mouse events. The chart drawing functions use standard D3.js and jQuery techniques without any suspicious network activity or system modifications. There is no evidence of code injection, data theft, reverse shells, or hidden backdoors. The code appears to be a legitimate chart rendering library with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a standard chart visualization library leveraging D3.js and jQuery. It handles data display and user interaction without any suspicious or malicious functionality. No malware or security risks are detected based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}