{
  "purpose": "This code dynamically loads and imports JavaScript files based on provided file patterns, likely to facilitate modular code loading.",
  "sources": "User-provided file patterns passed to loadFiles, and file paths obtained via glob matching.",
  "sinks": "Dynamic require statements in importFiles, which load modules based on runtime paths.",
  "flows": "File pattern strings -> glob matching to obtain file paths -> dynamic require() in importFiles to load modules.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic import via require() with runtime file paths, which can potentially execute malicious code if untrusted patterns are used. No explicit validation or sanitization of input patterns is evident. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns are present. No obfuscation or malware behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The loadFiles function takes an array of file patterns, resolves their absolute paths, and retrieves matching files using glob.sync. The importFiles function asynchronously imports modules based on provided file paths by dynamically requiring each module at runtime. The code relies on external input (file patterns) without sanitization, which could be exploited if malicious patterns are provided. The dynamic require() pattern is a potential risk if used with untrusted input, but this alone does not constitute malicious intent. The code structure is straightforward, with no signs of obfuscated code or malware behaviors. Overall, the code performs standard dynamic module loading, but its safety depends on the trustworthiness of input patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code dynamically loads modules based on user-supplied file patterns without input validation. While no malicious behavior or malware is evident in the code itself, the use of runtime require() with untrusted input can pose security risks such as executing malicious code if patterns are maliciously crafted. No malware, backdoors, or suspicious activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 1
}