{
  "purpose": "This script configures and starts a Webpack development server for building and serving Rax framework demo files.",
  "sources": "Reading directory contents with fs.readdirSync; require statements importing modules; environment variable definitions; server configuration parameters.",
  "sinks": "Server's listen method opening port 9999; console.log for output; Webpack plugins executing during build.",
  "flows": "Directory reading (sources) for dynamic entry point generation -> Webpack configuration and plugin setup -> WebpackDevServer initialization with server.listen() -> Output to console.",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval-like dynamic code generation is not present. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets detected. The code does not include obfuscated or minified code. No external network connections or data exfiltration routines identified. The UglifyJsPlugin is used for minification but not malicious. The server listens on all interfaces, which could be risky but is common in dev environments.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a Webpack configuration to build JavaScript files from a specific directory, employing common plugins for defining environment variables, error handling, progress indication, and minification. It then initializes a Webpack development server listening on port 9999 and opens a local URL. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data leakage, network exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious external calls. The environment is for development purposes only, with no hardcoded secrets or credentials, and no dangerous code execution pathways observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard development server setup for a Rax framework project with no malicious intent. No malicious behavior or security risks identified. It is safe to use within a development environment. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}