{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement various payment form integrations for different payment providers such as EBANX, PayPal, AsiaBill, and others. Its purpose is to facilitate secure payment data collection and tokenization for online transactions.",
  "sources": "Data is read from user input fields (e.g., card number, expiration date, CVV, user name), and external script URLs are loaded (e.g., payment SDKs from third-party domains). Environment variables or configuration objects are also accessed.",
  "sinks": "Form submissions, DOM manipulations (e.g., setting innerHTML, appending child nodes), and network requests to payment provider endpoints are potential sinks. Token creation functions may transmit sensitive card data.",
  "flows": "User input fields (sources) trigger validation and tokenization functions which then call external SDKs and send data to payment provider endpoints (sinks). Script URLs loaded from external sources facilitate SDK execution. Payment tokens generated are passed back into the DOM for submission or further processing.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or backdoors are evident. There are extensive inline styles and dynamic DOM manipulations, which are typical for complex payment forms. No obfuscated or minified code appears malicious. No unusual network requests or code that contacts unknown or suspicious domains are observed. The code heavily relies on external SDKs but does so in the context of payment processing.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured to load multiple third-party SDKs for payment processing (e.g., EBANX, checkout.com, PayPal, AsiaBill). It creates forms dynamically, handles user input, performs validation, and interacts with SDKs to generate payment tokens. There are no indications of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, system access, or reverse shells. The code's primary function is to facilitate secure payment tokenization. The use of external scripts is typical in payment integrations, and no suspicious or malicious network activity is detectable from this code alone. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are identified. Overall, the code appears to be standard for payment SDK integration with no signs of malware.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a complex but standard implementation of multiple payment provider SDK integrations. It handles sensitive payment data, performs validation, and manages tokenization securely. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware are evident. The code's purpose is legitimate and aligns with common payment processing functionalities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}