{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a JavaScript SDK or library for integrating multiple payment methods (e.g., credit card, PayPal, OceanPay, AsiaBill, etc.) into a web application. It provides functions to load external scripts, create payment forms, handle validation, and generate payment tokens.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from user input fields (e.g., card number, expiration date, CVV, username) and environment variables for configuration. It loads external scripts from trusted CDNs (e.g., ebankx.com, checkout.com, paypal.com). It also retrieves DOM elements for form submission and payment details.",
  "sinks": "The code generates and submits forms with payment data, creates tokens for payment processing, and may send data to external payment gateways via POST requests. It also manipulates DOM elements, styles, and event handlers for form validation and user feedback.",
  "flows": "User inputs (card details, user info) → Validation functions trigger → Token generation functions (which send data to external payment gateways) → External scripts (loaded from trusted sources) handle tokenization → Final tokens or responses are used for completing transactions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are evident. The code dynamically loads scripts from URLs, but these appear to be from reputable payment providers. The inline style and HTML are extensive but consistent with payment SDKs. The code uses standard validation and form submission flows without suspicious obfuscation or hidden code segments. There are no indications of malicious backdoors, data exfiltration, or system damage. Minor concerns include reliance on external scripts which could be compromised if CDN is hijacked, but this is typical for such integrations.",
  "analysis": "The code is complex, involving multiple payment SDKs, form rendering, input validation, and tokenization workflows. It dynamically loads external scripts for payment gateways, manages DOM elements, and handles user input events. No malicious functions or obfuscated code patterns are present. It does not attempt to send system data over the network beyond necessary payment processing, nor does it include hidden or malicious code segments. Its primary function is to facilitate secure payment transactions via well-known third-party SDKs. The presence of extensive inline HTML and CSS within 'dangerouslySetInnerHTML' is typical for embedded payment forms but does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate payment SDK with no malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a multi-payment SDK designed to facilitate payment form rendering, validation, and tokenization. It loads external scripts from reputable providers, manages form data securely, and performs expected payment processing functions. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration are evident. The main security concern is reliance on external scripts, which is standard for payment integrations, but should be monitored for CDN security.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}