{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement multiple payment SDK integrations, including Ebax, PayPal, OceanPay, AsiaBill, and others, providing frontend forms and tokenization processes for payment handling.",
  "sources": "Data is read from user input fields (e.g., card number, expiry date, CVV, username), environment variables, and configuration objects such as public keys and style options. It also loads external scripts and SDKs from trusted domains.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive data such as card details, user information, and configuration parameters are handled and sent to external SDKs and APIs. DOM manipulation and form submissions are used for data transmission. External script URLs and API endpoints are potential sinks.",
  "flows": "User inputs → JavaScript functions process and validate sensitive information → tokenization functions generate payment tokens or submit forms to external payment gateways → SDKs and APIs communicate with remote servers using the provided data.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive inline HTML/CSS for styling payment forms, dynamic script loading, and complex input handling. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. The use of 'dangerouslySetInnerHTML' indicates direct HTML injection, but it appears for styling purposes. No obfuscated or minified malicious code is detected. The code dynamically loads SDK scripts based on environment settings, which could be abused if malicious URLs are provided, but URLs appear to be from legitimate sources.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of multiple payment SDK integrations, handling sensitive user payment data via form inputs and tokenization procedures. It loads external SDKs securely from expected domains and processes user inputs with validation and event handlers. No signs of malicious behaviors such as unauthorized data exfiltration, reverse shells, or hidden backdoors are observed. The inline HTML and CSS for styling and form creation are standard for payment forms. The use of 'dangerouslySetInnerHTML' for injecting styles and scripts is a common pattern in React-like environments and not inherently malicious, provided external URLs are trusted. The scripts and SDKs loaded are from reputable sources and aligned with payment processing. There is no evidence of code injection, data leakage, or malicious network activity within this module.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a multi-payment SDK handler for frontend payment forms, focusing on secure data collection, validation, and tokenization. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or sabotage signs. No suspicious external communication or hidden backdoors are detected. The primary security concern would be ensuring the external script URLs remain trusted and unaltered.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}