{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React Native component for page indicators with animated transitions, intended for use in a mobile app to visually represent multiple pages or screens.",
  "sources": "The component reads input data from props such as 'progress', 'numberOfPages', and style-related props. It does not read external inputs or environment variables directly.",
  "sinks": "The code updates animated styles based on internal calculations; no data is sent over the network, stored persistently, or written to system files. It does not invoke unsafe or dangerous APIs.",
  "flows": "The 'progress' prop influences the translation and width of the animated indicator through internal calculations and Animated.timing calls. No external data flows into system sinks that could lead to leaks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior detected. The code follows standard React Native practices, uses only public APIs, and performs typical UI animations. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a React Native component for a page indicator with animated active dot movement based on the 'progress' prop. It performs internal calculations to determine the translation and width of the active indicator. The component updates animated values using React Native's Animated API with no external network or file system interactions. The code uses standard libraries, and there are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful logic. The logic appears straightforward and focused on UI animation. All input handling and animation code are typical for React Native components, with no suspicious anomalies detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears benign, implementing a standard animated page indicator component without malicious intent. No security risks or malware indications are present based on the code review.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}