{
  "purpose": "This code sets up an Express web server that serves static files, provides version info, and exposes an API endpoint for chunk matching in documents.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (process.env), request body data (req.body), file system read (readFileSync for package.json), URL parameters if any, request query parameters if used.",
  "sinks": "Sending responses via res.json and res.sendFile, console logging errors, reading environment variables, reading local files.",
  "flows": "Input data from request body flows into matchChunks function, environment variables influence error responses, request data is validated before being processed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. The use of process.env.PORT and process.env.NODE_ENV is standard. No obfuscated code, no suspicious dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The server code initializes an Express application, loads environment variables, and reads package.json for version info. It serves static files and defines endpoints '/' and '/version'. The core API endpoint '/api/match' accepts POST requests with document data and query parameters, validates inputs, processes options, and calls matchChunks with these parameters. Error handling includes logging errors and returning error responses. All data flows appear typical for a server handling document processing requests. No evidence of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors, is observed. Use of environment variables and file reads are standard practice. The code is straightforward and follows best practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured server implementation for document chunk matching. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It processes user inputs securely with validation and does not include any suspicious or malicious code. Overall, the code is safe with no security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}