{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript module for number formatting based on locale and specifier configurations, supporting various formatting types such as currency, percentage, and SI prefixes.",
  "sources": "Reads locale configuration objects, including grouping, decimal, numerals, and symbols; reads input numeric values for formatting.",
  "sinks": "Formats input values into strings; uses external modules for exponent calculation, formatting groups, numerals, and specifiers.",
  "flows": "Input data (numeric values and locale config) -> format functions -> formatted string output.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behavior detected. The code appears to perform standard number formatting tasks with configurable options. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns identified. The use of external modules is typical and not suspicious. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a locale-aware number formatting module, handling formatting options such as grouping, signs, width, precision, and types. It carefully processes input values, applying grouping, prefixes, suffixes, and numeral transformations. The logic for different formatting types (including 'n', 'c', 'g', etc.) aligns with common formatting libraries. External dependencies are used solely for calculation and formatting routines, not maliciously. No signs of obfuscated, malicious, or maliciously malicious behavior are present. The code structure is standard, with clear variable handling and no suspicious dynamic code execution or external network calls.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard number formatting utility designed for locale-specific formatting. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. The absence of suspicious logic, backdoors, or data leaks indicates it is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}