{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for normalizing GraphQL data, including schema parsing, entity normalization, and string case conversions. It facilitates handling GraphQL responses and transforming them into a normalized data structure suitable for state management.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input parameters such as 'data' in the 'normalize' function, and during GraphQL query parsing via 'graphql.parse'. The code also reads properties from GraphQL query nodes during AST traversal. Environment variables or external input are not used.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if normalized data is improperly exposed or logged, but the code primarily manipulates data internally. No direct sinks such as network transmissions or file writes are present in this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into normalization functions, with internal traversals reading nested object properties and GraphQL AST nodes. The normalization process builds entity maps, and the case conversion functions transform strings. No external or unsafe data is injected or transmitted.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are detected. The code primarily consists of utility functions, schema parsing, and data normalization logic. Warnings object is used internally but does not pose security concerns. No obfuscated code or unusual runtime behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is well-structured with multiple utility functions for object property access, string case transformations, pluralization, and GraphQL AST modifications. The core 'GraphQLNormalizr' function manages normalization of GraphQL responses into entities, using caching and optional use of connections. No external network activity, credential handling, or malicious code injections are found. The code is focused on data processing and schema handling, with standard libraries and internal logic. The only minor concern could be logging warnings and errors, but these are typical debugging aids. Overall, the code appears to be safe and free of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a data normalization library for GraphQL responses, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles data transformation securely and does not contain suspicious patterns or malware. The security risk is minimal, primarily related to improper data handling outside of this module, which is outside its scope.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}