{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript library for normalizing GraphQL responses, providing functions to parse, transform, and normalize data for easier state management.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters such as 'data' in 'normalizr', as well as input objects in functions like 'normalize' and 'walk'. It also reads configuration options provided during initialization.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to internal caches (Map object) and outputs normalized data structures. No direct system or network effects are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through normalization processes, including recursive walking and entity extraction, and is stored in an internal cache. No external or untrusted sources are directly used in a harmful manner.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code uses standard utility functions and adheres to common normalization practices. There are no dynamic code evaluations, obfuscated sections, or suspicious network connections.",
  "analysis": "The script implements a GraphQL normalization utility with functions to parse, add required fields, and normalize GraphQL response data. It employs standard practices for entity extraction, case transformations, and cache handling. No signs of malware such as network communication to malicious domains, data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system modifications are evident. The only noteworthy aspect is the use of internal caching, which is not malicious but should be considered in security context. The code appears well-structured, with no obfuscated or suspicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a GraphQL response normalizer without any malicious intent. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities beyond standard data processing risks. It is safe based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}