{
  "purpose": "This code implements a GraphQL normalization utility with various string manipulation functions, pluralization, and schema processing for GraphQL data, aiming to normalize and transform GraphQL responses into a structured normalized format.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from the 'normalize' function, including the 'data' parameter passed during normalization. It also reads configuration options during instantiation of GraphQLNormalizr, such as 'typeMap', 'ignore', 'exclude', etc.",
  "sinks": "Uses the 'cache' Map to store normalized data; however, this is internal and not a data leak. No direct sinks for untrusted data to system components, network, or environment variables are evident. The code does not perform network requests, file operations, or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Input data is passed into 'normalize', which traverses and processes the data structure, mapping entities and storing them in an internal cache. The normalization process uses internal functions like 'walk' to process nested objects, but there are no external data flows that could lead to leaks or malicious behavior.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes a deprecated warning for 'exclude' options, which is benign. All code appears standard, with utility functions for string casing, pluralization, type checking, and GraphQL AST manipulation. No obfuscated or minified code that could hide malicious intent is present. No hardcoded credentials, network connections, or system modifications are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script defines multiple utility functions and a core 'GraphQLNormalizr' class that normalizes GraphQL data structures into a flat entity format. It uses internal caches and processes GraphQL AST nodes. There are no signs of malicious code such as network requests, data exfiltration, or system tampering. The cache is only stored in memory with no external side effects. The code processes input data for normalization purposes only, with no suspicious behaviors like executing dynamic code, reading environment variables, or modifying files. Overall, the code is well-structured, typical of a data normalization library, and does not contain malicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of a GraphQL normalization utility with auxiliary string and type functions. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or security risks. It operates internally to process data for normalization and caching, with no external system interactions or suspicious activity. Therefore, the code can be considered safe with a low malware score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}