{
  "purpose": "This code implements a GraphQL normalization utility with functions for pluralization, case transformation, and data normalization of GraphQL query responses. It is designed for use in client-side JavaScript to manage normalized GraphQL data.",
  "sources": "Reads input data via function parameters (e.g., in normalize, normalize({ data })) and GraphQL query parsing. No external data sources are accessed directly.",
  "sinks": "Writes to an internal cache Map during normalization. Uses console.warn for warnings. No dangerous sinks such as system modification, network requests, or file system access are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into the normalize function, which processes and stores normalized entities into a cache. The processed data is returned as a normalized object structure.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. No dynamic code execution, eval, or similar constructs. The code employs standard utility functions and a GraphQL parser. The cache is a simple in-memory Map, not persistent or external. Warnings are logged via console.warn. No obfuscation or suspicious patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a GraphQL normalization utility with pluralization and case transformation functions. It manages internal state via a Map cache, avoiding external system interaction. All functions operate on data passed as parameters or local variables. No indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or system compromise. The use of console warnings and internal caching is typical for debugging and performance. The code appears to be a legitimate library intended for data normalization, with no malicious signals detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured GraphQL normalization utility library. No malicious behavior or sabotage signals are present. It uses common patterns for data processing and caching, with no evidence of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}