{
  "purpose": "This code manages the initialization, installation, and uninstallation of a heat map view component within a React Native application. It provides functions to toggle the heat map visualization based on configuration settings.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from the imported Config object and external modules like './heatView' and './config'. It also reads a 'react-native' native component.",
  "sinks": "The code assigns a dynamically imported component ('./heatView') to the native component's default export, which could potentially affect the app's UI rendering. No other direct data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Configuration data flows from input (via initHeatMapView) into the Config object, influencing whether the heat map view is installed. The dynamic import of './heatView' serves as the installation sink, replacing the native component's default.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or unusual code constructs are present. The code's structure is typical for dynamic component swapping. No external network activity, data leaks, or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes and manages a heat map view component by swapping the native React Native component implementation based on configuration flags. It employs standard module imports, dynamic require for './heatView', and simple state variables ('initialized', 'installed') for control flow. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful side effects. The use of dynamic require is typical for lazy loading or optional features. The code does not handle sensitive data, credentials, or external network interactions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation for toggling a heat map visualization in a React Native app. There are no indications of malicious intent, malicious behavior, or security risks based on the provided snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}