{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility classes and functions for handling asynchronous operations and results, specifically wrapping Promises into Result types for safer error handling in JavaScript.",
  "sources": "The code reads external modules './baseResultError' and './result', and interacts with Promise-based asynchronous operations. No external input sources are evident within the code itself.",
  "sinks": "The code's primary sinks are Promise resolution and rejection, converting errors into Result.Err or rethrowing errors via async/await. No direct data leaks or unsafe data handling are present.",
  "flows": "Flow involves Promise-based functions wrapping and transforming results into Result objects, with no indication of untrusted data flowing into sensitive sinks. The flow is mainly internal to the utility functions and classes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code adheres to standard async/Promise handling patterns. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. No dynamic code execution, suspicious domain connections, or data exfiltration mechanisms are visible.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard Result pattern with asynchronous handling, converting Promise rejections into a Result.Err and wrapping Results into AsyncResult objects. It uses typical Promise chains, error catching, and result unwrapping. No malicious behavior or malicious anomalies are detected. The functions are designed for safer error handling and do not perform any network operations, file manipulations, or data exfiltration. All external interactions are with imported modules, with no evidence of hidden malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard utility library for asynchronous result handling in JavaScript, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The implementation is conventional and safe.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}