{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility classes and functions for handling asynchronous results using a Result pattern with Promise integration, including creating, transforming, and managing async results and errors.",
  "sources": "The code reads from imported modules ('./baseResultError' and './result') and from the passed-in promise objects or functions.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily interacts with promise resolution and rejection, but there are no explicit sinks that send untrusted data to external systems, nor are there outputs like network calls, file writes, or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Input data is processed through promise resolution or rejection, transformed into Ok or Err results, and returned wrapped in AsyncResult objects. There are internal flows within promise chains but no external data leaks or external data sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns. The code uses standard async patterns, and imported modules are unspecified but seem benign. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. No dynamic code execution or hidden backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility classes and functions to handle asynchronous result patterns with error handling via Promise-based Ok/Err objects. It imports external modules that are not shown, but their usage appears standard. The methods handle data safely, with no evident data leaks, malicious network requests, or system modifications. The structure is clear, standard, and intended for result management, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The code avoids risky operations like eval, dynamic code execution, or data exfiltration mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a benign utility library for handling async results with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It follows standard patterns, makes safe use of promises, and does not contain hidden or malicious code. Overall, the code is low risk in terms of supply chain security and malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}