{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React component for rendering and interacting with an organizational chart, including functionalities like zoom, pan, export, and hierarchy management.",
  "sources": "User interactions (mouse, touch events), data passed via props (datasource), and internal React state and refs.",
  "sinks": "File export functions (PDF, PNG), DOM manipulations, and network requests potentially via imported modules (json-digger, html2canvas, jspdf).",
  "flows": "Data is loaded from props; user actions trigger event handlers that may manipulate DOM, generate images, or update state; data may be exported or hierarchy changed via async functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are visible. The code uses standard libraries for rendering and exporting images. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily uses React hooks and event handlers to manage chart interactions, including panning, zooming, and exporting the chart as an image or PDF. It leverages open-source libraries for DOM to image conversion and PDF generation. Data manipulation involves standard object operations, including removing and adding nodes within a hierarchical structure. The module exposes an imperative handle with functions for exporting and expanding nodes. No suspicious network activity, hidden data leaks, or malicious behaviors are evident. The functions perform expected tasks related to UI interaction and file export. Overall, the code appears to be a standard React-based visualization component with no malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React component for organizational chart visualization, with standard functionalities such as zoom, pan, hierarchy management, and export. It does not contain any malicious or suspicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. It securely utilizes third-party libraries for rendering and exporting, with no signs of data leaks or malicious payloads.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}