{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React component for an interactive organizational chart, with functionalities such as pan, zoom, export to PDF/PNG, and hierarchy management.",
  "sources": "Data inputs from 'datasource' prop, user interactions (clicks, touches, wheel events), DOM elements such as 'chart' and 'downloadButton'.",
  "sinks": "File generation and download via 'html2canvas', 'jspdf', and 'download' attribute; DOM modifications for display and interactivity.",
  "flows": "User input events (click, touch, wheel) affect state variables (transform, panning, cursor), leading to actions like zoom or pan. Export functions generate image or PDF from DOM canvas. Hierarchy changes update internal data via 'dsDigger' and reflect in the UI.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secret data observed. No obfuscated code; use of standard libraries (react, json-digger, html2canvas, jspdf) appears normal. No suspicious network activity or code that accesses system resources outside typical file export functions. No hidden backdoors or malicious code present. No unusual code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages UI interactions and data manipulation for an organizational chart component. It uses well-known libraries and standard event handling. The export functions create downloadable images or PDFs from the chart's DOM content. Hierarchy modification functions manipulate the data structure using 'json-digger'. No code indicates malicious intent such as data exfiltration, system modification, or covert network activity. The code appears to be a typical React component with features related to visualization, export, and hierarchy management, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React component for chart visualization with export capabilities. It shows no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The implementation appears legitimate and typical for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}