{
  "purpose": "This code provides a React Native wrapper around native Text-to-Speech (TTS) functionality for iOS and Android platforms, enabling speech synthesis features within a mobile application.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data through function parameters such as 'engineName', 'voiceId', 'rate', 'pitch', 'language', 'utterance', and event handlers, which are provided by the application or user interaction.",
  "sinks": "Function calls to 'TextToSpeech' native module methods, which interact with platform-specific TTS APIs. No direct sink to untrusted external resources or network interactions is evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (source) pass through various method calls, ultimately invoking native module methods (sink). The data flow is straightforward and limited to setting configurations or triggering speech synthesis, with no evidence of untrusted data being used maliciously.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for a React Native TTS wrapper. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic are present. No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or unusual code constructs are observed. The only minor inconsistency is the compatibility handling for iOS and Android, which is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class 'Tts' extending 'NativeEventEmitter' to facilitate event handling for TTS. It provides methods to configure and control speech synthesis, with platform-specific conditionals ensuring compatibility. Input parameters are passed directly to native modules, which is typical. No external network communication, data leaks, or malicious behaviors are detected. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets, nor does it perform any file operations or system modifications. It appears to be a straightforward wrapper with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React Native TTS wrapper with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It responsibly manages platform differences and offers typical TTS controls. No malware, data leakage, or security risks are evident based on this review.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}