{
  "purpose": "This code provides mathematical expression parsing and evaluation functions, including constants, trigonometry, gamma functions, and factorial calculations. It appears to be a general-purpose mathematical library for use in computational contexts.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from tokenized code strings in the 'tokenize' function. Data for evaluation comes from the parsed expression objects and provided options, such as constants and function configurations.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flow occurs when 'calculate' receives a code string, which is tokenized, parsed, and evaluated. Sinks include 'evaluate' and 'parse', which process this data. The functions do not perform network requests, file operations, or system modifications.",
  "flows": "User input string -> tokenized into tokens -> parsed into expression trees -> evaluated using constants and functions. The flow is primarily mathematical computation without external side effects.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive mathematical functions and gamma approximations, but no suspicious or unusual code patterns such as obfuscated code, network activity, or hidden data leaks. All code appears straightforward and standard for a math library. There are no hardcoded secrets or backdoors. The only minor concern is the 'lngamma' function returning NaN for negative inputs, which is mathematically correct but could cause unexpected behavior if input is not validated, though this is not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive math library for evaluating expressions. It uses standard mathematical approaches, including Lanczos and Spouge approximations for gamma functions. The parser and evaluator handle various expression types, supporting functions, constants, grouping, and operators. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The functions and variables are used as intended for mathematical computation. No suspicious or malicious code segments are detected. The code's structure and logic are clear, with no obfuscated or suspicious code patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical expression parser and evaluator with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It is a standard, well-structured math library intended for computational purposes. No security risks or malware behaviors are evident. It is safe to use from a security standpoint.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}