{
  "purpose": "A mathematical expression evaluator supporting functions, constants, and parsing capabilities, intended for evaluating user-provided mathematical expressions.",
  "sources": "Input code string in 'calculate' function, tokenized in 'tokenize' function, and user-provided expressions processed in 'parse' and 'evaluate' functions.",
  "sinks": "Evaluation of parsed expressions which may include untrusted user input; use of 'Math.random()' for 'rand' function; evaluation of arbitrary expressions via parsed tokens.",
  "flows": "User input string -> tokenized -> parsed into expression tree -> evaluated with options including constants and functions, potentially involving untrusted data.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'Math.random()' in 'rand' function; no explicit hardcoded credentials or secret keys; no network calls or file system access; extensive mathematical functions without suspicious side effects; no obfuscated code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive mathematical expression parser and evaluator, supporting constants, functions, and expression evaluation. It contains standard mathematical functions and employs validation to restrict input. The 'rand' function uses 'Math.random()' but only returns a number within specified bounds, which is a typical usage. There are no signs of malicious network activity, file access, or data exfiltration. The code does not include any backdoors, suspicious domain connections, or hidden behaviors. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The tokenizer and parser are standard and do not contain obfuscation or malicious obfuscation techniques. The overall structure appears legitimate and intended for safe mathematical computation.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a mathematical expression parser and evaluator with no evident malicious intent or malicious behavior. It processes input safely and only performs standard calculations. The use of 'Math.random()' is typical and not suspicious in this context. Overall, this appears to be a benign utility library for mathematical expressions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}