{
  "purpose": "This script automates the process of testing, building, version bumping, and publishing a JavaScript package to npm, including git operations for version control.",
  "sources": "User input for version selection via inquirer prompt; execution commands such as 'npm version', 'npm publish', 'git push', and 'git push --tags'; reading current git branch; running tests with jest.",
  "sinks": "execSync calls executing shell commands, which include version bump, publish, and git push commands.",
  "flows": "User input from inquirer prompts influences which version bump command is run; test results determine whether the process proceeds; shell commands are executed sequentially based on success/failure of previous steps.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors; code is standard for a release script. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation detected. No unusual or malicious code structures.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard Node.js modules (fs, path, child_process) to automate release tasks. It prompts the user to select a release type, then sequentially runs tests, checks the current branch, builds the project, bumps version, publishes to npm, and pushes git tags. All commands are executed explicitly via execSync with controlled parameters. No untrusted data is processed in a way that could lead to injection or data leaks. The commands are straightforward, with no obfuscated or malicious behavior. The script does not connect to external domains, send system data, or perform any covert operations.",
  "conclusion": "The script appears to be a standard release automation tool without malicious intent. It performs expected tasks securely, with no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The main security consideration is that it executes shell commands directly, but all commands are predefined and controlled. Overall, the code is safe and suitable for use in a CI/CD pipeline.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}