{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Vue.js component for a calendar widget, including rendering logic, style injection, and component properties. It is intended for UI display and interaction with calendar data.",
  "sources": "Imports from external libraries (@zeedhi/core, @zeedhi/vuetify, @zeedhi/zd-calendar-common), component props, event handlers, and data from this.instance and this.$refs, as well as package.json version info.",
  "sinks": "Event handlers that invoke methods on this.instance (e.g., goToToday, prev, next, clickDate, clickEvent, etc.), DOM manipulation, and network requests if any methods in this.instance or event handlers perform such actions.",
  "flows": "User interactions (clicks, focus, blur) trigger event handlers which call methods on this.instance; data flows from props and internal state to DOM rendering; event handlers update internal component state or invoke instance methods.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. The code contains standard Vue.js component structure, style injection, and event wiring. No obfuscated or malicious payloads are detected. The only external activity is the addition of package version info.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical Vue component for a calendar UI, with extensive prop definitions, event handlers, and dynamic rendering logic. It includes style injection functions and server-side rendering support functions, all of which are standard. The presence of __decorate functions and detailed event handling indicates typical decorator-based Vue code. The import of package.json and adding version info to VersionService is standard practice for package management. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or reverse shell behavior. All event handlers invoke methods on this.instance, which appear to be calendar control functions, not malicious. There is no indication of suspicious network activity or hidden backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured Vue.js calendar component with no malicious behavior or sabotage detected. It functions as intended for UI purposes and includes common security precautions. No evidence of malware, malicious data leaks, or supply chain attacks is present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}