{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Vue component for a calendar widget, including UI elements, event handling, and styling. It is primarily used to render an interactive calendar interface with navigation and event management features.",
  "sources": "Data is read from component properties (props) such as categories, type, value, and calendarEvents, as well as user interactions like clicks and form inputs. The code also reads package.json for version information.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include event handlers that could process untrusted input (e.g., click events, date selections) and network calls if any (though none are explicitly present here). The code does not perform direct data leakage or insecure operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions (clicks, date selections, property changes) through event handler functions that modify component state or call external methods (like instance methods). No dangerous data flows to external systems are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains an unusual license comment that is unrelated to the functional logic but is standard for TypeScript transpiled files. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code snippets are detected. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present. The version info is retrieved from package.json and logged.",
  "analysis": "The script imports core modules and defines a Vue component with many props decorated with Vue decorators. It handles UI rendering for a calendar, including navigation, event display, and user interactions. No code injection, network communication, or system manipulation is present. The license comment is benign, and the code structure follows typical Vue component patterns. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious functions are found. The code performs UI logic and state management securely. There is no indication of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Vue.js calendar component implementation with no evident malicious behavior or security risks. It reads configuration data from standard props and external package information without suspicious operations. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}