{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Vue.js component for a calendar widget, integrating various features such as navigation, event handling, and display customization. It appears to be part of a larger UI framework (Zeeddhi).",
  "sources": "Reads include imports from '@zeedhi/core', '@zeedhi/vuetify', '@zeedhi/zd-calendar-common', and package.json; data bindings within the Vue component; DOM events triggered by user interactions; component props and internal state variables.",
  "sinks": "Event handlers, method calls (e.g., goToToday, prev, next, viewDay), DOM manipulations, and API calls triggered by user interactions or internal state changes.",
  "flows": "Sources such as user actions (clicks, date selection) and data bindings flow through component methods (onChangePicker, prev, next, clickDate, clickEvent, etc.) and modify component state or trigger external functions. The state then influences DOM updates and event displays, including opening event detail menus.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, no suspicious network activity, and no unusual code patterns. The code contains standard Vue component structure, with typical event handling and UI rendering logic. External package versioning is properly managed via VersionService. The presence of a large block of licensing text and utility functions is typical and benign.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Vue.js calendar component that manages UI state, user interactions, and event display logic. It imports standard libraries and dependencies, and performs typical data flow from user actions to UI updates. No obfuscated code, suspicious network calls, or data leaks are evident. The inclusion of licensing comments and dependency imports indicates standard open-source component behavior. There are no hardcoded secrets or backdoors; the code functions as expected for a calendar widget. The package versioning is correctly handled, and the component appears safe.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured Vue.js calendar component with no malicious behavior or security risks identified. It performs typical UI operations, event handling, and dependency management without suspicious patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}