{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionality to initialize and control WebXR (Virtual Reality) sessions within a Vue.js application, including dynamic loading of a WebXR polyfill, managing XR helper instances, and toggling XR modes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input/data from the DOM (navigator.xr, view props, and injected view), and dynamic script loading from CDN for the polyfill.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the dynamic script injection (loading external scripts), and invocation of WebXRPolyfill constructor, which could execute malicious code if the CDN is compromised.",
  "flows": "Code loads external WebXR polyfill script -> creates WebXRPolyfill instance -> sets up XR helper and interactor style -> calls startXR or stopXR methods, which interact with external resources.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically loads a script from a CDN without verification, which could be malicious if the CDN is compromised. However, this is a common practice for polyfills. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code are present. No obfuscated or suspicious code constructs are identified.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically loads a WebXR polyfill from a CDN, which is standard for enabling WebXR features in browsers lacking native support. It manages WebXR sessions using vtk.js helpers and modifies the interactor style for VR mode. It emits events on enter and exit XR. The dynamic script load is a potential risk but is a common approach for polyfills. No suspicious or malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are detected. The code relies on external libraries from vtk.js and standard browser APIs. Overall, the script appears to be legitimate and intended for WebXR support, with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is intended for managing WebXR sessions in a Vue.js application and includes dynamic loading of a polyfill. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The external script load poses a minimal risk typical of third-party polyfills but should be monitored for CDN integrity in sensitive environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}