{
  "purpose": "The code renders a React component for displaying a team's information within a bracket, including team names, scores, logos, and connection lines in a sports tournament bracket UI.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'match' object for team names, scores, logos, and styling props; state is managed via React's useState hook for tooltip visibility.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include rendering of images (logo URLs), dynamic styling, and event handlers (onMouseOver, onMouseOut, onClick), which could be manipulated if inputs are untrusted.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data such as match object properties (team names, scores, logos) flow into text rendering, style computation, and image sources. Event handlers could trigger actions based on user interaction, but no direct flow to network or system commands is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for a React component; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. Use of dynamic properties and conditional rendering is typical. No obfuscated or malicious code structures are found.",
  "analysis": "The component uses data from props to render team info and connections within a bracket UI. It dynamically styles and positions elements based on input data and state. No external or network operations are performed. The only potential concern is the 'match' object providing logo URLs and team names, which could be manipulated externally, but this is standard for UI components. No malware or malicious behavior is detected. The code structure and logic are typical and do not include suspicious or harmful patterns.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard React component for UI rendering of tournament bracket teams. No malicious or security-compromising behavior is evident. It safely uses provided data to display UI elements, with no signs of malware, backdoors, or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}