{
  "purpose": "This code provides an image cropping component using React, allowing users to upload images, crop, rotate, and zoom before finalizing the image. It is intended for client-side image editing within a web application.",
  "sources": "Reads image files from file input via 'beforeUpload' in upload component, and media dimensions from loaded images ('onMediaLoaded').",
  "sinks": "Processes images with Canvas API to generate blobs/files; triggers 'resolve' or 'reject' functions based on user actions; uploads processed files through callback functions.",
  "flows": "Image file selected -> reads via FileReader -> sets source ('src') -> user manipulates crop/zoom/rotate -> crop data stored in ref -> upon confirmation, image processed via Canvas -> blob converted to File -> callback invoked to upload or further handle the image.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors observed. All imported modules and functions appear standard for image cropping functionality. Style injection is benign and related to UI styling. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation present. The code does include asynchronous operations for image processing, but these are standard for such tasks.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily implements a React-based image cropping UI component with functions to load images, manipulate crop area, zoom, and rotate, and then generate a cropped image blob for further processing. It uses React hooks for state management and callbacks for asynchronous handling of image processing. There is no indication of malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The style injection is only for UI styling. External dependencies are standard React and Ant Design components, with no suspicious network or data handling. No hardcoded credentials or malicious logic are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React component for image cropping with no malicious intent. It handles image processing locally and provides user interface controls for editing images. There are no signs of malware or security risks within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}