{
  "purpose": "This source code implements a QR code generator in JavaScript, allowing encoding of data into QR codes with customizable options such as version, mode, error correction level, and mask.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data via the 'generateFrame' function, which accepts data and options; it also accesses constants, configuration variables, and functions within the script itself. No external data sources are explicitly used.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'buildCanvas' function which renders QR code matrix data into a visual representation (canvas). Data from user input flows into encoding and matrix rendering functions. No external network or system commands are invoked.",
  "flows": "Input data is validated and encoded into code words, ECC code words are calculated, and then the QR matrix is constructed with proper patterns. The matrix is then masked and formatted information is embedded. Finally, the matrix is rendered into a canvas. Data flows from input through encoding, ECC calculation, matrix assembly, masking, and rendering.",
  "anomalies": "There are no apparent hard-coded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. The code strictly performs QR code generation. All functions and variables are standard for QR code creation. No obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic evaluation, or misleading variable names are detected. Comments are technical and relate to QR standards.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with license and version information, followed by the definition of QR code parameters such as version info, modes, ECC levels, and GF(2^8) mappings. It includes functions for data validation, encoding, ECC calculation, matrix creation, pattern placement, masking, and final QR code generation. The functions operate within the expected scope of QR code standards, with no network access, file I/O, or system commands present. The data flow is confined to in-memory variables. The only external interaction is via the 'generateFrame' and 'buildCanvas' functions, which output a visual representation of a QR code based on input data. There are no indications of malicious behavior, hidden code, or sabotage mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions solely as a QR code generator adhering to QR standards. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. Its structure and logic are consistent with legitimate QR code creation tools. Therefore, the likelihood of malicious intent is extremely low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}