{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React Native component called ImageButton, which renders a customizable button with optional image and text content.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from component props, such as 'text', 'source', and style-related properties.",
  "sinks": "Event handler functions (_onPress, _onPressIn, _onPressOut) may invoke callback functions provided via props, potentially leading to arbitrary code execution if malicious callbacks are supplied by a parent component.",
  "flows": "User interactions (press events) trigger callback functions passed in through props, which can execute external or parent-provided code. Data flows from user input to event handlers, and from props to rendering components.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, such as dynamic code evaluation, network requests, or data leaks, are present. The code appears to be a straightforward UI component with no embedded malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard React Native components and PropTypes for type checking. It defines a class-based component with customizable props for rendering a button with optional image and text. Event handlers invoke callbacks provided via props, allowing parent components to define behavior. There are no hardcoded credentials, network requests, or obfuscated/minified code. The component functions as intended for UI rendering without any malicious logic. No signs of malware, data exfiltration, or malicious backdoors are evident. The only potential risk is the callback functions passed in via props, which depend on parent code; if parent code is malicious, it could execute harmful actions, but this is outside the scope of this module itself.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign React Native UI component with no embedded malicious behavior. It relies on parent-provided callbacks for event handling. No security issues, malware, or suspicious anomalies are detected within this code segment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}