{
  "purpose": "This code provides numerical integration functions, including adaptive quadrature and Gauss-Kronrod quadrature, for mathematical calculations and is part of a math library.",
  "sources": "Reads input data through the 'f' callback functions used in numerical integration, and parameters such as 'a', 'b', and options like 'epsilon' and 'maxDepth'.",
  "sinks": "Uses untrusted input in the integrand callback 'f', which could lead to code injection if 'f' executes malicious code, but this depends on the source of 'f'. No other explicit data sinks such as network or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (e.g., 'f', 'a', 'b', options) into integration functions which process the data and compute results. No external data flow to network or files is observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The code mainly performs mathematical calculations with standard numerical methods. No signs of obfuscation or suspicious variable usage.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of numerical integration techniques, including adaptive quadrature and Gauss-Kronrod rules. It defines functions for change of variables to handle infinite limits, performs recursive subdivision for error control, and combines estimates for accurate integration. No malicious patterns such as network activity, data exfiltration, or system manipulation are present. The functions rely on user-provided integrand callbacks, which is typical but could be risky if the callbacks are malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a standard math library without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical numerical integration library with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It reads input via callback functions and performs computations locally without external side effects. The absence of network or file operations indicates low risk of malware. The primary concern would be the trustworthiness of the 'f' callback functions supplied by users, but this is a common pattern in numerical libraries.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}