{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for generating and verifying digital signatures using RSA with SHA-256, likely for ensuring message authenticity and integrity.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the msg object properties: 主题, 接收名字空间, 时间, 内容, and 签名 (for verification). The publicKey is hardcoded within the module.",
  "sinks": "Generated signatures are returned as base64 strings. Verification involves cryptographic functions, but no external data sinks such as network or file output are present.",
  "flows": "Input properties (msg.主题, msg.接收名字空间, msg.时间, msg.内容) flow into cryptographic signing and verification functions; signatures are generated or validated using these flows. The 获取内容 function normalizes the 内容 input before signing/verifying.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, hardcoded credentials (apart from the public key which is typical), or suspicious control flow. The publicKey is hardcoded but not malicious by itself. The code does not perform network operations or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a fixed public key, functions for signing and verifying messages with structured content, and a helper to format various input types. The signing function appends labeled message parts before hashing, and the verification function uses the same approach to check signatures. No external data sources, no network or system calls, no dynamic code execution, or suspicious logic detected. All cryptographic operations are standard. The publicKey being hardcoded is typical for verifying signatures. The functions do not perform any malicious actions or data leaks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of digital signature creation and verification using RSA and SHA-256. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident. The presence of a hardcoded public key is typical and not suspicious in this context. No malware or malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}