{
  "purpose": "The code implements a function to evaluate the cumulative distribution function (CDF) for a Normal distribution on various input types, including numbers, arrays, matrices, and typed arrays, with configurable options.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the function argument 'x' and options object 'options'. It also imports modules for validation, array construction, and various specialized CDF calculations.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any sinks that could lead to data leaks or malicious actions. It primarily performs mathematical calculations and array manipulations.",
  "flows": "Input 'x' flows into various conditional branches that determine the calculation method based on data type. The options object influences data processing and output type, but there are no data flows leading to unsafe or malicious operations.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, unusual code, or suspicious constructs. The code uses standard modules and straightforward logic for mathematical computations.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with importing validation and array handling modules. It defines the main function 'cdf' which processes different data types—numbers, matrices, typed arrays, and arrays—applying respective CDF calculations. It includes validation of options and error handling for invalid data types. The use of external modules for validation and array constructors indicates adherence to common practices. There are no dynamic code executions, obfuscated code, or external network interactions. The structure is typical for a scientific computing library function, with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a Normal distribution CDF function supporting multiple data types and configurations. There are no indicators of malicious behavior or security risks. It is a safe and typical scientific utility function.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}