{
  "purpose": "The code provides a function to evaluate the cumulative distribution function (CDF) for a Normal distribution across various data types and structures, including numbers, arrays, matrices, and typed arrays.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments (x, options), and within the function, it accesses properties of the options object (e.g., opts.mu, opts.sigma, opts.copy, opts.accessor, opts.path, opts.sep, opts.dtype). It also requires external modules for validation, array construction, and specific CDF calculations.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leakage or manipulation occurs if untrusted data is processed without proper validation. Specifically, the options object properties are used directly in computations and array construction. No network or system calls are made. No sensitive environment variables or credentials are accessed. The external modules used are standard validation and array utility modules.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (x, options) are validated and processed; based on data type, the function routes to specific internal CDF implementations, possibly creating new arrays or matrices, then passes data through the respective CDF functions. No external data or network activity is observed.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, suspicious code patterns, or obfuscated code are present. All require statements load known utility modules. The logic follows typical data processing patterns with validation and branching based on data types. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors. The code adheres to standard practices for a statistical computation library.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a single function 'cdf' that evaluates the normal distribution CDF for various input types. It performs validation on options, setting defaults for mean and standard deviation. The function handles different data structures—numbers, matrices, typed arrays, and array-like objects—by routing to specialized internal functions. It also allows deep property access via specified paths. The code uses well-known modules for validation, array creation, and matrix handling, with no signs of malicious behavior or suspicious activity. It processes data in a typical, predictable manner aligned with a statistical library's pattern. There are no network operations, system modifications, or secret manipulations present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate, intended for statistical computations of the normal distribution CDF across multiple data types. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It uses standard validation and array utilities with no suspicious behaviors or backdoors. Overall, the code is safe and consistent with its described purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}