{
  "purpose": "The code calculates the cumulative distribution function (CDF) for a Normal distribution, handling various input types including numbers, arrays, matrices, and typed arrays, with options for customization.",
  "sources": "Input parameter 'x' (which can be a number, array, matrix, or typed array) and 'options' object containing configuration parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potentially, the code could write or process data into output structures, but no external data transmission or insecure operations are evident. No data leaks or unsafe data handling are directly observed.",
  "flows": "Input 'x' is processed based on its type, passing through different internal functions (cdf1 - cdf6) that handle specific data structures, with options influencing data copying, type, and accessors.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code constructs, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code are present. The code uses standard validation and constructor patterns. No suspicious dynamic code execution or external network connections are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs type checks on input 'x' to determine how to process it, selecting appropriate functions for number, matrix, typed array, or array-like inputs. It validates options for 'mu', 'sigma', 'dtype', etc., and handles data copying and type conversion securely through constructor functions. The functions invoked (cdf1 - cdf6) are imported modules, presumed to implement the actual CDF calculations. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote communication, or backdoors. The code structure is clear, with standard validation and data handling procedures. No signs of obfuscation or malware are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a Normal distribution CDF calculation library, with thorough input validation and flexible data handling. There are no malicious behaviors, backdoors, or security risks detected. It functions as a utility module for statistical computations, with no suspicious activity.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}