{
  "purpose": "This code provides a function to evaluate the cumulative distribution function (CDF) of a Normal distribution for various data types and structures, including numbers, arrays, matrices, and typed arrays, with configurable options.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data 'x' which can be a number, array, matrix, or typed array, and also reads options from the 'options' parameter, including 'mu', 'sigma', 'copy', 'accessor', 'path', 'sep', and 'dtype'. It also requires external modules for validation and data structure creation.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the 'cdf1' to 'cdf6' functions which compute the CDF for different data types, and these functions process the input data, potentially accessing or modifying the data structures. No other direct sinks such as network calls or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input data 'x' flows into respective specialized CDF functions based on its type. Options are validated and used to control data copying and type conversion. Data flows from input through validation and type handling, ultimately to the computation functions 'cdf1' through 'cdf6'.",
  "anomalies": "There are no unusual or suspicious code patterns, no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors. The code appears to follow standard practices for numerical computation and data handling. All external modules are for validation and array handling; no obfuscated or malicious code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically handles multiple data types, validating options and data structures before processing. It utilizes external modules for type checks and array creation, which are standard in scientific JavaScript libraries. The main function 'cdf' delegates computations to specialized functions depending on data type, with options for deep access and data copying. No suspicious dynamic code execution, network activity, or hidden behaviors are detected. The structure and flow are consistent with normal numerical computing libraries. External dependencies appear legitimate for data validation and array management.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured utility for calculating the normal distribution CDF across various data types. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are evident. It adheres to standard practices and uses typical external modules for validation and array handling. There are no signs of malware or security risks in this module.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}