{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for URL handling and query parameter encoding in a JavaScript environment, likely used for constructing and manipulating URLs in HTTP requests.",
  "sources": "The functions read input data from parameters: 'params' object, 'input' which can be a URL, a Request object, or a string, and 'baseURL', 'path', and 'params' for URL construction.",
  "sinks": "The URL constructor and the 'search' property assignment are sinks where untrusted input could potentially influence URL formation. However, they are standard practices for URL handling.",
  "flows": "The code takes untrusted inputs (possibly user-supplied URL strings, Request objects, or parameters), processes them via encoding or URL construction functions, and outputs URL strings. There are no data flows leading to network transmission or external data exfiltration within this snippet.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns are present. The functions perform standard URL and query parameter processing without hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic. The only potential concern is reliance on unvalidated input for URL construction, which is typical for URL handling functions, not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for encoding query parameters and constructing URLs from various input types. The 'objectToQueryParams' encodes key-value pairs safely. The 'getUrlFromStringOrRequest' extracts URL strings from different input types, including URL objects and custom Request objects from the 'dntShim' module. The 'combineURL' function builds a new URL from a base, path, and optional parameters, ensuring proper URL formation. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, data leakage, or backdoors. The functions are standard URL handling utilities, with no suspicious network activity or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward URL utility module with no signs of malware or malicious intent. It safely handles input data to construct URLs, with standard encoding and processing. No security risks or malicious behavior are detected based on this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}