{
  "purpose": "This script serves as a command-line interface for capturing screenshots of websites or HTML content with various customizable options.",
  "sources": "Input data from CLI arguments, environment variables, and standard input (get-stdin).",
  "sinks": "Outputs captured images or buffers to files or stdout; constructs HTTP headers and authentication data; processes user inputs for URL/file/HTML.",
  "flows": "Input data (URL/file/HTML) -> processes options (headers, inset, authentication, etc.) -> invokes captureWebsite functions for capturing screenshots or generating buffers -> outputs results.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code handles user inputs and options straightforwardly. No obfuscated or malicious code structures observed. Conversion of inset values and header parsing are standard. The code does not execute untrusted code or perform network operations beyond the intended screenshot capture.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily parses command-line arguments and prepares options for the capture-website library, including handling headers, authentication, and viewport settings. It reads input from CLI or stdin, manages options carefully, and then calls functions to capture website images or HTML buffers. No suspicious network activity, no data exfiltration, and no hardcoded secrets are present. The code includes proper input validation for inset values and processes user-provided headers securely. The overall structure and logic appear standard for a CLI wrapper around the capture-website library, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a secure CLI utility for website screenshot capturing. No malicious behavior or security risks are detected within this code fragment. It performs input validation and manages options appropriately, with no evidence of malware or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}