{
  "purpose": "The code provides a React Native SDK for tracking user interactions, events, and session data, primarily through native modules and React components. It facilitates event logging, tracker management, and user context setting for analytics purposes.",
  "sources": "Input sources include promise parameters, event data objects, context arrays, and configuration objects. Data is read from user input (e.g., event data, context, tags), native module method calls, and component props.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows into native module method calls such as RNConvivaTracker.* functions, which may send data over the network or interact with device state. Some functions handle sensitive information such as user IDs, IP addresses, or session info.",
  "flows": "Data flows from source inputs (user data, configuration, context) through validation functions, then into native module tracking methods. Promises chain validation and error handling before invoking native functions that may transmit data remotely.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded secrets or credentials are present. The code extensively uses validation functions to prevent invalid or malicious data. There is no evidence of dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or suspicious URL connections. Logging functions are used for warnings but not for data exfiltration. No backdoors, unauthorized system access, or cryptomining behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a well-structured SDK for analytics and tracking, with rigorous validation and error handling. It interacts with native modules to send event data and manage tracker state. No suspicious or malicious patterns, such as network data exfiltration, code injection, or system sabotage, are present. All data handling appears consistent with legitimate analytics functions. The use of promises and validation ensures proper sanitization, reducing risk of injection or data leaks. The code includes functions for setting user identifiers, context, and session info, typical for analytics SDKs, with no signs of misuse. The native module interactions are typical for React Native bridging and do not suggest malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-implemented React Native analytics SDK designed for event tracking and user session management. It includes no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain attacks. The thorough validation, error handling, and absence of suspicious URL or code injection patterns support this conclusion.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}