{
  "purpose": "The code provides client-side table sorting and filtering functionality for a webpage, specifically targeting a table with class 'coverage-summary'. It enhances user interaction with sorting columns and filtering rows based on search input.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from DOM elements: #fileSearch input value, table header attributes, table cell data-values, and the table structure itself.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM elements by updating styles (display), innerHTML, className, and attaching event listeners to UI elements. No direct data outputs or network requests are present.",
  "flows": "Input from #fileSearch influences row visibility (filtering). Clicking on sortable headers triggers sort functions that rearrange table rows based on data attributes. Event listeners connect user actions to these functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code uses standard DOM manipulation and event handling. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present. The only potentially unusual aspect is the use of 'eslint-disable' comment, but it does not affect behavior maliciously.",
  "analysis": "The script enables table sorting and filtering purely on the client side. It retrieves data attributes for each row to sort numerically or as strings. The filtering function searches text content in table rows and toggles visibility accordingly. Event listeners are properly attached to UI elements to trigger sorting. There are no signs of data exfiltration, network requests, or malicious logic. The code is straightforward, and all functions serve standard UI enhancement purposes. No anomalies indicating malicious intent are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign implementation of table sorting and filtering functionalities. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are evident. It does not perform any network communication or data leakage, nor does it contain obfuscated or suspicious code segments.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}