{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive implementation of a graph visualization and manipulation library, including shapes, interaction handlers, rendering, spatial indexing, and graph data management.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters, event objects, and DOM element properties such as container size and pointer events. Data flow mainly occurs through method calls and class property accesses.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include use of CanvasRenderingContext2D methods for drawing and hit-testing, and network operations could occur if external code invokes options such as onViewZoom or onCreateNode. However, the provided code itself does not perform network requests or file operations.",
  "flows": "Input data (pointer events, configuration options) flows into event handlers and shape creation functions. These are rendered via Canvas API calls, with no evidence of external network data transfer or file system access.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments are observed. The code appears to be a standard implementation of a graph visualization library with drawing routines and spatial data structures. No unusual dynamic code execution, obfuscated patterns, or misleading variables are detected. The code is largely structured and documented with standard patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes multiple Canvas contexts for rendering graph nodes, edges, and backgrounds. It contains classes for spatial indexing, rendering, and user interaction, all built with typical JavaScript patterns. The event handlers manage pointer events, handle zoom and move interactions, and update the graph state accordingly. Shape creation and hit-testing rely on Canvas API's path and point-in-path methods. No network requests, data leaks, or system modifications are evident. The code does not process untrusted external input beyond event data, and does not perform actions that could compromise system security. It functions as a visualization tool without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate and standard implementation of a graph visualization library, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It solely manages graphical rendering and user interaction within the browser environment. Therefore, it can be considered safe with a malware score of 0 and a low security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}