{
  "purpose": "This code implements a process registry management system allowing addition, removal, and querying of processes within different namespaces. It provides event notifications for changes.",
  "sources": "Inputs include constructor parameters for initial processes, 'add', 'addAll', 'remove', 'get', 'has', and 'namespace' methods, and external calls to these methods. Data is also read from the 'utils' module.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include event handler invocations via 'onChange', property modifications within the 'processes' object, and dynamic process additions via 'add' and 'addAll' methods.",
  "flows": "Processes are added or removed through 'add'/'addAll' methods, which update internal 'processes' state and trigger 'onChange' events; 'get' retrieves processes, optionally from specific namespaces; 'remove' deletes entries and triggers events.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns or suspicious control flows are observed. The code uses standard data structures and event handling. The 'Utils' module usage is standard, and there are no signs of obfuscation or hidden logic.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a straightforward implementation of a process registry with methods for adding, removing, and querying processes across multiple namespaces. It employs standard JavaScript practices, such as object manipulation and event notification. There are no hardcoded credentials, network calls, or file operations that could indicate malicious activity. The only external dependency is 'Utils', which is assumed to be safe as it appears to provide utility functions like 'size' and 'isObject'. All operations involve in-memory data handling without external side effects or data leakage mechanisms. The event system is standard and used solely for state change notifications. No signs of malicious code, backdoors, data exfiltration, or other malware are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate process management utility with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It operates purely in-memory, with well-defined and transparent functionality. The use of event callbacks is typical and not suspicious. Overall, it appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}