{
  "purpose": "This code is a JavaScript library (likely bundled or minified) that exports a module named 'Poplar' for various module systems (CommonJS, AMD, global). It contains multiple internal modules and classes related to SVG rendering, event handling, and data management, probably for a visualization or annotation tool.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from parameters passed into various class constructors and methods; accesses environment variables indirectly via the global window object; reads DOM elements (e.g., style, classList, getBoundingClientRect).",
  "sinks": "Creates and manipulates DOM/SVG elements; attaches event listeners for click, dblclick, mousemove, contextmenu; modifies element styles and attributes; emits events via an EventEmitter; updates SVG paths and text content.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (e.g., content, configuration objects) into internal data stores; user interactions (clicks, mouse movements) trigger event handlers that modify SVG elements, styles, and internal state; event emissions may trigger external effects but are part of expected interaction patterns.",
  "anomalies": "Code is heavily minified and bundled, making it difficult to identify obfuscation; no hardcoded credentials or secret keys are evident; event handling, SVG rendering, and data management are standard for visualization libraries. No unusual network calls, external domain connections, or system modifications are present. The structure indicates a complex, multi-module SVG visualization tool, not malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The code is a bundled/minified JavaScript library that provides SVG visualization and annotation capabilities, including event handling, label management, connection drawing, and content editing. It uses standard DOM/SVG APIs, event emitters, and internal data repositories. There are no signs of network communication to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or system sabotage. The minification and bundling are typical for large libraries but do not inherently suggest obfuscation for malicious intent. The code’s complexity and structure are consistent with a visualization or annotation framework, with no malicious flows identified. The use of event handlers and DOM manipulations are standard for such libraries and do not indicate malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a complex, bundled SVG annotation/visualization library with standard data and event handling. No evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain attacks was found. The minified structure is typical for production libraries and does not suggest obfuscation aimed at malicious concealment. Overall, the code appears legitimate and safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}