{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for working with Promises and asynchronous operations, including creation, mapping, error handling, and composition of future-like objects.",
  "sources": "Function parameters (callback, parameters, futureLikes, callback, error), Promise resolution and rejection, array operations, and Symbol.iterator.",
  "sinks": "Promise resolution/rejection, callback invocations, error handling functions, and Promise.all/race which could propagate untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through Promise-based functions, with potential propagation via then/catch handlers, ultimately resolving or rejecting based on the flow of asynchronous operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, no obfuscated or minified code, and no dynamic code execution. The functions handle standard Promise operations and do not perform any suspicious actions or external network activity. The 'map', 'mapErr', 'recover', and 'after' functions are designed to chain Promises, with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple Promise utility functions, including 'spawn', 'merge', 'of', 'fail', 'first', 'oneOf', 'settle', 'map', 'mapErr', 'recover', and 'after'. These functions handle typical Promise operations such as creation, combination, error handling, and chaining. The functions check if inputs are functions and handle them accordingly, which is a standard pattern for Promise-based utilities. There are no indications of malicious behaviors such as network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The structure is clean, and the code adheres to common asynchronous handling patterns. No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code are present. The code appears to be a legitimate utility library for Promise handling.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard Promise utility library with no malicious intent. It does not contain any malware, suspicious network activity, or backdoors. The code structure is clear, and no anomalies suggest malicious behavior or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}