{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to manage A/B testing variants by setting and retrieving cookies, dynamically injecting CSS rules to show or hide test variants, and initializing tests based on a configuration file.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from document.cookie (getCookieValue), URL attribute for configuration (globalThis.document?.currentScript?.getAttribute('config')) and fetch response (response.json()), and test configuration objects (config parameter).",
  "sinks": "The code writes to document.cookie (setting cookies for variants) and injects CSS rules into the DOM to control display of variants. No other data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from URL configuration to fetch response, which then initializes tests; cookies are read to determine variants; new cookie values are set based on random selection; CSS rules are injected to control display based on variants.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious anomalies detected. The code performs standard cookie handling, DOM manipulation, and fetch operations without obfuscation or hidden behaviors. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code patterns observed.",
  "analysis": "The getCookieValue function securely retrieves cookie values with validation, preventing simple injection. The init function initializes A/B tests, reading cookies and setting new cookies based on random probabilities. CSS rules are injected dynamically to display variants, which is standard for A/B testing. No code indicates malicious intent, data leakage, or sabotage. The fetch call loads configuration from a URL; if compromised, could lead to malicious configuration, but this depends on external source trust. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate A/B testing logic without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements standard A/B testing setup with cookie management and dynamic CSS injection. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. The only potential risk is reliance on external configuration fetched from a URL, which should be trusted. Overall, it appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}