{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to manage A/B testing by setting cookies for variant assignment and dynamically inserting CSS rules to show or hide elements based on test variants.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from cookie values (`getCookieValue`), configuration fetched from a URL (`fetch(configPath)`), and document attributes (`currentScript` attribute).",
  "sinks": "The code writes cookies (`document.cookie`), manipulates DOM elements (creating `<style>` tags and inserting CSS rules), and logs errors to the console.",
  "flows": "The flow involves reading cookies to determine variant assignment, possibly setting cookies if no valid cookie exists, and injecting CSS rules based on the test configuration. Data flows from cookie and fetch responses into the logic that sets or reads cookie values and manipulates DOM.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code dynamically fetches configuration data from a URL, which could be malicious if that URL is compromised. The code uses `document.cookie` for storing and retrieving test variants, which is typical but could be misused if cookie handling is insecure. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The code does not contain any obvious malicious actions such as data exfiltration or reverse shells.",
  "analysis": "The script manages A/B testing through cookies and DOM manipulation, with standard security practices. It validates cookie names, handles cookie encoding/decoding properly, and dynamically inserts CSS rules to control element display. The fetch call loads configuration data, which is a common pattern but relies on the trustworthiness of the URL. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data theft, backdoors, or system tampering. The code does not perform any network activities beyond fetching configuration, nor does it access sensitive environment variables or perform any cryptographic operations. Overall, the code is standard A/B testing logic with no indications of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of A/B testing management. It properly manages cookies and CSS injection without any malicious or sabotage behavior. The only potential concern is the security of the fetched configuration URL, but that is outside the scope of this module. No malware or malicious code is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}