{
  "purpose": "The code implements an A/B testing framework that assigns variants to users via cookies and dynamically injects CSS rules to show/hide elements based on test variants.",
  "sources": "Reads cookie values using getCookieValue; reads configuration URL via globalThis.document?.currentScript?.getAttribute; fetches configuration JSON from external URL.",
  "sinks": "Modifies document.cookie to store test variant; injects CSS rules into the DOM to control element visibility.",
  "flows": "Reads cookie to determine test variants -> Assigns variants based on probability -> Stores variant in cookie -> Injects CSS rules based on variants -> Fetches configuration from external URL to initialize tests.",
  "anomalies": "Use of getCookieValue without sanitization beyond pattern matching; reliance on external configuration file fetched via URL, which could be manipulated; injection of CSS rules directly into the document. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code reads cookies and URL attributes to determine and assign A/B test variants, storing results in cookies and injecting corresponding CSS rules. The cookie handling appears standard, with validation on the cookie name. The dynamic CSS injection is typical for A/B testing frameworks. Fetching external configuration introduces potential risks if the external source is compromised, but this is standard for dynamic configuration. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or reverse shell activity. The code operates within the browser environment, and its purpose is aligned with typical A/B testing mechanisms. Overall, the code appears benign and typical for its purpose, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of an A/B testing system with dynamic CSS injection and cookie management. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The main concern is reliance on external configuration fetched over network, which could be manipulated, but this is common for such features. No security risks or malware are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}