{
  "purpose": "Define a 3D progress visualization component using Three.js, supporting different styles like bar and radial progress indicators with customizable options.",
  "sources": "Reads DOM via document.createElement('canvas'), accesses window and global objects, and requires external modules './RoundedBarGeometry.js', './RoundedBarGeometry2D.js', './RoundedTorusGeometry.js'.",
  "sinks": "Uses the canvas context for drawing, updates a Three.js texture, and manipulates 3D geometry and materials. No data is sent over network, nor system commands executed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from options and methods setting colors/values into drawing routines (_draw) and texture updates (_update), with geometry and material setup during init.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns detected. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code. Geometry modifications and UV remapping appear standard. No network or system command activity.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a progress visualization module, configuring 3D geometries based on options, and rendering progress with colors and gradients on a canvas which updates a texture. No external data input besides configuration options, and no suspicious logic such as network communication, credential handling, or system modifications are present. External module requirements are standard and their contents are unknown but do not raise suspicion. The UV remapping function is normal for ring geometries. The code structure and variable usage are straightforward and conform to typical 3D visualization patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard 3D progress indicator implementation with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It primarily creates visual components for rendering progress bars or rings with customizable styles. No malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}