{
  "purpose": "This code implements a customizable progress indicator using Three.js and Canvas, supporting different types such as bar and radial progress displays with visual effects like gradients and rounded edges.",
  "sources": "The code reads options from input parameters during instantiation, including 'options', 'colors', and 'values'. It also reads global dependencies via require(). It accesses the DOM to create a <canvas> element and uses it to generate textures.",
  "sinks": "The code updates the canvas texture and applies it to 3D geometries, which are then rendered with WebGL. No sinks are present that handle untrusted external data or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input options ('colors', 'values', 'type', etc.) through functions like '_draw' to update the canvas, which then updates the WebGL texture used for rendering the progress visuals. No external or untrusted data flows into dangerous sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a visual progress component using Three.js. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors identified.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a progress indicator with multiple visual styles, manages textures via Canvas, and applies geometry based on options. It performs expected operations for graphics rendering, including creating geometries, materials, and updating textures. No suspicious or malicious activity is evident, and the code follows typical patterns for 3D visualization. There are no external network calls, data leaks, or code injections present. Dependencies are loaded via require(), which is standard. The use of 'require' indicates potential server-side environment compatibility, but no malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a visual progress indicator with no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It solely manipulates graphics for UI purposes without external data leaks or system interference.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}