{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this source code appears to be to provide a JavaScript library or module, potentially for general utility or functionality as part of a larger application. However, the specific purpose is not explicitly clear from the snippet provided.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from environment variables, input parameters, or possibly external modules or APIs, although specific source points are not detailed in the snippet.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially be written to the network (e.g., via fetch or XMLHttpRequest), executed dynamically (e.g., eval or new Function), or stored in localStorage/sessionStorage, depending on the actual code implementation. Specific sink points are not explicitly shown in the provided snippet.",
  "flows": "Data flow likely involves input or environment data being processed and then sent over the network or used in dynamic code execution. Exact source-to-sink paths cannot be precisely identified without the complete code, but general concern exists around untrusted data reaching sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No overt anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, suspicious network requests, or obfuscated code are apparent from the visible code. The code appears to be well-structured and uses standard language features. There are no hidden backdoors or unusual patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is either a straightforward JavaScript library or module without obfuscation, with no signs of malicious intent. It uses typical patterns, and there are no obvious malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious code injections. Since the snippet provided is minimal or possibly incomplete, the confidence in full detection is moderate. There are no signs of malware, suspicious network activity, or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the provided code, there is no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. The code appears benign and typical for a JavaScript library/module. However, due to the limited snippet, a low to moderate confidence level is assigned. No malware or obfuscation is detected, and the security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}