{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions for uploading images or files to remote endpoints using various methods (base64, blob, local path, URL) with API key authentication.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters: base64 strings, blob data, local file paths, and image URLs. It also reads response headers from HTTP responses.",
  "sinks": "The code sends data via HTTP POST requests to specified URLs, potentially including untrusted data. It also processes response headers and data streams from network responses.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (base64 string, blob data, local file path, image URL) flow into HTTP request bodies, with the data being transmitted over the network to specified endpoints. The response is handled and returned to the caller.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code dynamically constructs request data and headers based on function inputs. No suspicious external domains are referenced. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of utility functions for uploading images/files using axios and FormData. It handles various input types, including base64 strings, streams from local files, and streamed responses from URLs. The functions include API key headers for authentication. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or covert communication. The code appears to be straightforward upload utilities with no suspicious operations. Use of API keys is appropriately handled as input parameters, not hardcoded. No indications of malware or malicious intent are present.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of utility functions for uploading files and images to remote services, using standard libraries and practices. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident. The code does not exhibit obfuscation or suspicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}