{
  "purpose": "This code implements the skew normal distribution, providing functions to generate random samples, calculate probability density, cumulative distribution, inverse cumulative distribution, and expected value, with methods for object instantiation and method access.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters, such as location, scale, shape, x, min, max, and y. Random numbers are generated via calls to NormalDistribution.random() and mathematical functions.",
  "sinks": "Results are returned directly as numerical outputs; no untrusted data output or external data transmission occurs within this code.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (location, scale, shape, x, y, min, max) are processed to generate distributions or compute statistical functions. Random number generation flows through NormalDistribution.random(), then through generate() functions, with boundary checks for min/max. PDF, CDF, and inverse CDF functions depend on parameter inputs and mathematical operations.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies detected. The code relies on imported modules for statistical functions, and there are no signs of code obfuscation, hardcoded credentials, or malicious logic. The generate() method implements a rejection sampling approach for bounded random generation, which is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class for the skew normal distribution with static and instance methods for generating random samples, computing PDF, CDF, inverse CDF, and expected value. It uses imported modules for normal distribution functions, error functions, and an inverter, all of which are standard in statistical calculations. The random() method uses rejection sampling within specified bounds. The statistical functions use well-known formulas and external modules, with no data leakage, external network calls, or suspicious behavior. No obfuscation or malicious code constructs are present. Overall, the code appears to be a straightforward implementation of skew normal distribution functions with safe mathematical operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard statistical implementation of the skew normal distribution, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It uses imported reliable modules for core calculations. There are no suspicious data flows, external communications, or hidden functionalities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}