{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React tooltip component with styling and event handling logic for showing/hiding the tooltip based on user interactions and viewport changes.",
  "sources": "Data sources include props passed to the component such as backgroundColor, children, id, location, spacing, zIndex, and sticky; DOM events like 'mouseenter', 'mouseleave', 'scroll', and 'resize'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation through event listeners, style updates, and rendering tooltip elements. No untrusted data directly manipulates system state or external resources.",
  "flows": "User interactions trigger event handlers (onMouseEnter, onMouseLeave), which update component state (showTooltip). State changes affect rendering and style calculations, but no external data or untrusted inputs are sent elsewhere.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code. The styling and event handling appear standard. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors detected. No external network connections or data exfiltration activities.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a React class component for a tooltip, managing visibility through event listeners. Styles are injected dynamically, and positioning is calculated based on DOM element bounding rectangles. All data sources are component props or DOM events. There are no indications of malicious code, backdoors, or external data transmission. The code structure is typical for a React UI component, with no suspicious patterns or obfuscation. It uses standard React patterns and CSS injection methods. No suspicious network activity or malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React tooltip component with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It reads user interaction data and DOM measurements to manage tooltip visibility safely. No malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities are detected based on this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}