{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Confetti class used to render animated confetti effects on an HTML canvas element, primarily for visual enhancement in web applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the provided 'canvas' element, its context, and the 'setting' parameter passed to 'setSetting'. It also accesses 'defaultSettings' imported from another module.",
  "sinks": "The code does not send data over the network, modify system files, execute system commands, or access environment variables. It primarily manipulates the DOM through canvas rendering, which is safe in this context.",
  "flows": "Input flows from the 'canvas' object and 'setting' parameters; internal flow involves updating confetti properties (positions, velocities) during each 'tick' and rendering them onto the canvas. No external data or untrusted sources are processed or transmitted.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for a visual confetti effect. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are present. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code detected. No network activity or malicious logic identified.",
  "analysis": "The module imports configuration settings, initializes confetti particles with random parameters, and updates their position and appearance in the 'tick' method for animation. It manages particle lifecycle by removing off-screen confetti and resetting properties when duration expires. All operations are confined to visual rendering on a given canvas. No external data, network, or system modifications occur. The code does not contain any suspicious patterns, obfuscated code, or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a confetti animation for visual effects, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It operates solely within the client-side environment to render graphics without any harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}