{
  "purpose": "This source code defines various React components for a UI library, including buttons, checkboxes, modals, dropdowns, and others, primarily for frontend UI rendering and interaction.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from component props, state variables, and imported modules. No external input sources or untrusted data streams are evident within this code snippet.",
  "sinks": "Render functions, event handlers (e.g., onClick, onChange), and DOM manipulations serve as sinks. No indications of data being sent over the network, written to files, or otherwise acting maliciously are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props, state, or event handlers through rendering logic to DOM output. No source-to-sink malicious data flow paths are identified.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code constructs, such as hidden dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or code that could serve as a backdoor, are present. All code appears to be standard React component definitions with conventional patterns. No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or environmental manipulations are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code constitutes a comprehensive set of React components for a UI library, utilizing standard patterns, imports, and CSS class management. The code is verbose but straightforward, with no evidence of obfuscation or malicious behavior. All interactions are confined to UI rendering, event handling, and state management typical for frontend components. The components include input controls, modals, dropdowns, progress indicators, and navigational elements, with no network activity, file system access, or dynamic code execution.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical React-based UI component library with no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It relies solely on standard React and utility functions for rendering and user interaction. No suspicious signals or behaviors are observed.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}