{
  "purpose": "This code defines multiple React components and utility functions used for building a UI library with common interface elements such as buttons, modals, dropdowns, tables, and others. It primarily focuses on UI rendering, styling, and interaction handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component props, user interactions (clicks, input changes), and external libraries (like React, Next.js navigation, and Remixicon icons). It also imports utility functions from local utility files (e.g., clsx, tailwind-merge).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM event handlers (e.g., onClick, onChange) that may process untrusted input, rendering of dynamic content based on props, and network requests (not explicitly shown here but could be present in components that trigger external calls). The code itself does not include direct network calls or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Input sources (props, user events) flow into component state updates and event handlers, which then influence rendered UI elements and internal states. For example, dropdown search queries and selections flow from user input to filtered options and visual feedback. No malicious flow pathways are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code contains standard React component structures, proper use of hooks, and typical event handling. No obfuscated code, unusual variable naming, or dynamic code execution is present. All code appears to be legitimate UI component definitions.",
  "analysis": "The code constitutes a collection of React UI components such as buttons, modals, dropdowns, checkboxes, loaders, and navigational elements. It imports and uses well-known libraries and utilities like React, Remixicon icons, next/navigation, clsx, and tailwind-merge. Event handlers manage user interactions with no signs of malicious input processing. The code relies on props and user events for dynamic behavior. No evidence of network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection. The structure and patterns follow standard React development practices. Overall, the code appears to be a non-malicious UI component library with no suspicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard React UI component library without any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It processes user interactions and dynamic content in expected ways. There are no signs of malware, data leaks, or supply chain attacks within this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}