{
  "purpose": "The code comprises React components implementing UI elements such as Breadcrumbs, Buttons, Checkboxes, Chips, Dividers, Dropdowns, File Uploads, Helper Text, Inputs, Labels, Tooltips, Modals, Notices, Pagination, Progress Bars, Radio Buttons, Sidebars, Skeletons, Steppers, Tables, Tabs, Textareas, Toggles, and other related UI elements.",
  "sources": "Data is sourced from component props, user interactions (clicks, input changes), and external libraries (React, Remixicon, clsx, tailwind-merge). No external untrusted data sources or network requests are involved.",
  "sinks": "DOM rendering, event handlers updating component state, and visual updates. No network activity, file system access, or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "User interactions trigger state updates leading to UI re-rendering. Data flows are straightforward, with no malicious or suspicious pathways.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation, suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors detected. Code is well-structured, standard React patterns, with no minification or obfuscation present.",
  "analysis": "All components are standard React UI elements with typical event handling and rendering logic. No dynamic code execution, network requests, or malicious payloads are present. The code does not process untrusted data in a way that would indicate malicious intent. The security signals are consistent across all reports, with malware scores at 0, obfuscation scores at 0, and low risk scores (~0.1-0.2) justified by the nature of frontend UI code. Confidence levels are high (around 0.95-1), reflecting thorough review and absence of suspicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign React UI component library with no signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or significant security risks. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate and consistent with the content. No evidence suggests malware, sabotage, or security vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}