{
  "purpose": "This code provides a collection of React UI components and utility functions for building user interfaces, including buttons, inputs, modals, dropdowns, and more.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from user interactions such as clicks, input changes, mouse events, and component props. Data is also read from URL pathnames via next/navigation and from passed-in options and children.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could reach DOM elements (e.g., setting inner content, classNames, styles), event handlers, or network requests if any were present. In this code, no explicit network requests or external data leaks are detected. Potential data leaks could happen if props like tooltipContent or options include sensitive info and are rendered directly.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions (clicks, input changes) through handlers that update component state, which then affects rendered DOM elements. Props like options, selected, and callback functions are passed down, but no malicious data manipulation is evident.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code contains standard React component patterns with no obfuscated or unusual language features. The import of icon components and utility functions appears benign. No code shows signs of data exfiltration, system modifications, or hidden malicious behavior. All code appears to be a standard UI library implementation.",
  "analysis": "The review involved examining all imported modules, component definitions, event handlers, and rendering logic. No signs of code injection, data leakage, insecure practices, or malicious behavior were found. The components handle UI interactions safely, without external network calls or sensitive data processing. The structure follows React best practices, and the code is largely static with no dynamic evaluation or obfuscation. The presence of icon imports, utility functions, and UI components indicates typical frontend code, not malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React UI component library with no malicious intent or security risks detected. It operates as expected for UI rendering, user interaction handling, and component composition. No signals indicate supply chain attacks or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}