{
  "purpose": "The code comprises React component implementations for a UI library, including buttons, modals, dropdowns, file uploads, and other UI elements, intended for use in a web application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from component props, state variables, imported modules, and user interactions (such as clicks and input changes). Notably, it imports external libraries like 'react', '@remixicon/react', 'next/link', and 'tailwind-merge'.",
  "sinks": "The code updates DOM elements, manages component state, and triggers callbacks on user actions. It renders SVG icons, sets class names, and handles events like clicks, input changes, and outside clicks. No direct network operations or file system interactions are present within this module.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions (clicks, input, hover) and props into component states and UI updates. No external network or system command execution is observed. Prop and state data are used to control rendering and behavior without evident malicious redirection or injection.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard React UI component code with proper separation of concerns. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are visible. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or misleading variable names are detected. No signs of data leakage or privacy violations are apparent within the provided snippet.",
  "analysis": "The review was conducted by examining each component's structure, imported modules, and event handlers. All components perform typical UI functions—rendering icons, handling user events, managing visibility, and rendering conditional UI. External dependencies like 'react', 'next/link', '@remixicon/react', and 'tailwind-merge' are standard libraries. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, unauthorized network requests, or backdoors. The code does not handle sensitive data, environment variables, or system commands that could be exploited maliciously. No obfuscated or minified code patterns suggest malicious intent or malware. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate UI component library implementation with no malicious signals detected.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the thorough review, there is no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage in this code. It consists of React UI components implementing common functionalities, with no signs of malware, data leaks, or security risks within the provided code. The security risk score is low, and the confidence in this conclusion is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}