{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Builder class for automating the build process of cross-platform applications, including tasks like fetching dependencies, copying files, packaging, and generating installers.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from configuration options, package.json files, dependency exclusions, and version information files. Reads and writes files for configuration, manifests, and installers. Uses network fetches via dependencies like Downloader and FFmpegDownloader.",
  "sinks": "File system operations (writeFile, remove, rename, copy, chmod), process spawning (indirectly through dependencies), network operations (fetching dependencies via Downloader and FFmpegDownloader), and execution of external tools (rcedit, nsis).",
  "flows": "Sources such as configuration and package data flow into build steps involving file manipulations, dependency fetches, and packaging. Data from network fetches (Downloader/FFmpegDownloader) flows into build directories. Manifest data flows into app resources. File contents are read and written during copying, packaging, and renaming. External tools modify app resources based on configuration.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for a build automation tool; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are evident. There is no obfuscated or malicious code execution. All network and file operations use dependencies or safe APIs, with no suspicious or hidden behavior. No data exfiltration, reverse shells, or covert communications are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a cross-platform build system with structured tasks like fetching dependencies, copying files, modifying app resources, and packaging installers. It uses standard libraries and modules such as 'path', 'fs-extra', and third-party tools for specific platform modifications. No signs of malware, hidden backdoors, or malicious behaviors are present. All operations are typical for a build process, with clear separation of concerns. No hardcoded secrets or anomalous behavior are observed. The network operations are limited to dependency downloads, which are standard and depend on external safe modules. No suspicious data leakage, system sabotage, or malicious code injection is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate build automation script for cross-platform applications, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs standard tasks related to application packaging and resource modification, leveraging known libraries and tools. Overall, it does not contain malware or security risks beyond typical build process concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}