{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Vue.js modal component with styling and installation logic for use in web applications. It primarily manages UI rendering, style injection, and component registration.",
  "sources": "Data sources include component props (title), user interactions (clicks, key presses), and style injection functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation (adding styles, creating elements), event emissions, and style injection functions.",
  "flows": "Input events (click, keydown) trigger component event emissions ('close'), style functions manipulate DOM styles, and style source code is embedded directly into style elements.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments are present. The style injection code is standard for Vue components. No suspicious network activity, data leaks, or obfuscated code detected. The component code appears conventional, with standard practices for Vue.js components, style injection, and SSR support.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a Vue modal component, including its rendering logic, style injection, and SSR hooks. Style injection involves creating style elements and appending them to the document head, which is common for Vue component styling. Event handlers for 'click' and 'keydown' properly emit 'close' events, with no indication of malicious behavior. The component does not perform network requests, access environment variables, or execute dynamic code beyond style insertion. The code appears clean, readable, and consistent with standard Vue.js component patterns. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, code obfuscation, or backdoors are detected. The code's purpose is solely UI-related, with no evidence of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard Vue.js modal component implementation with style injection and SSR support. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It appears safe for use in production. The code is straightforward and follows typical Vue.js patterns, with no suspicious or malicious elements.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}