{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and classes for mathematical computations related to curve evaluation, spline interpolation, and vector operations, likely used in graphical or geometric applications.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input parameters such as points arrays, input vectors for functions like distance, dot product, or root finding, and configuration options for cache keys and options objects.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe data flows include evaluation functions that could process untrusted input, but the code does not appear to directly send data over the network, write to system files, or execute dynamic code. No external sinks indicative of malicious activity are present.",
  "flows": "Input data from user-supplied points or vectors flows through mathematical functions such as getControlPoints, evaluateForT, root finders, and vector operations. These outputs are typically returned or used in further calculations, with no evidence of malicious data exfiltration or injection pathways.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive mathematical utility functions, including root-finding for cubic equations, spline calculations, and vector manipulations. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code snippets (such as network requests, eval, or exec) are present. The minified and obfuscated style of some functions may mask complexity but is common in mathematical libraries and not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The source code consists primarily of mathematical utility functions and classes for curve interpolation, vector operations, root calculations, and spline manipulations. The functions are designed for high-precision geometric computations, with no signs of external data leakage, network activity, or code execution. The minified code style may obscure some internal logic but does not constitute obfuscation aimed at malicious hiding. The structure and content are consistent with a mathematical library for graphics or CAD applications, with no malicious signals detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a mathematical utility library for curve and vector operations. It does not contain any malicious behavior, network activity, or security risks. Its obfuscated style is typical for minified mathematical code and does not suggest malicious intent. Overall, the risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}