{
  "purpose": "This code defines an ErrorHandler class in a NestJS environment that delegates error reporting to static external services, primarily for logging and monitoring purposes.",
  "sources": "ErrorHandler methods receive error objects, messages, and breadcrumbs as input data.",
  "sinks": "External static methods (captureBreadcrumb, captureException, captureMessage) potentially transmit data to external error tracking services such as Sentry.",
  "flows": "Input data (errors, messages, breadcrumbs) flows from the ErrorHandler methods to the static error handling service methods, which may send data over the network.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code patterns; no hardcoded secrets or obfuscation; standard dependency injection and configuration merging are used.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward NestJS error handler that injects a logger and optional configuration, merging defaults with provided settings. It delegates error capturing to external static methods, which is typical for error monitoring. No signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or hardcoded secrets are present. External calls could transmit data externally, but this is standard for error reporting systems. The scores assigned in the reports (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, security risk: 0.1-0.2) are consistent with the code's nature. The high confidence scores reflect the clarity and standard pattern of the code. No evidence suggests malicious intent or vulnerabilities. The external error tracking calls are typical and do not indicate malicious behavior. Overall, the code is legitimate, safe, and does not pose security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard error handling utility in a NestJS application that delegates error reporting to external services. It contains no malicious or obfuscated code, no hardcoded secrets, and no suspicious patterns. External calls are typical for error monitoring and do not imply malicious activity. The low security risk scores are justified, and the code can be considered safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}