{
  "purpose": "The code implements a watermarking library for images, allowing users to overlay images or text onto other images and export the result as data URLs, blobs, or images. It provides functions for resource loading, canvas management, positioning watermarks, and applying styles.",
  "sources": "User-provided resources such as URLs, File objects, or Image elements; input parameters for positioning and styling; and internal functions that generate watermarks and draw on canvases.",
  "sinks": "Generation of image data URLs, creation of Blobs, or Image objects which can be used or transmitted externally.",
  "flows": "Resources are loaded via URL or file readers, then converted to Image objects, drawn onto canvases, and finally processed by style functions to position watermarks. The resulting canvases are converted to data URLs or blobs for output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code primarily handles image processing and resource management. There are no network connections, data exfiltration, or system manipulation activities observed. The code's obfuscation check indicates it is not obfuscated. No signs of malicious behavior such as hidden network traffic or unauthorized data access.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard image watermarking library, with functions for resource loading, image processing, and positioning watermarks. It uses well-known techniques like canvas manipulation, data URL creation, and resource management via a canvas pool. No functions or code segments indicate malicious intent or sabotage. The code's structure, naming, and logic are consistent with legitimate image processing libraries. No anomalies, suspicious code, or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured watermarking library intended for image processing tasks. It does not exhibit any signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. All functions are related to image rendering and resource handling, with no network activity or data exfiltration observed.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}