{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JavaScript library for applying watermarks (images or text) to images or canvases, with features for resource loading, positioning, and output formatting.",
  "sources": "Input data includes resources such as URLs, File objects, or existing Image elements; configuration options for positioning, transparency, and format; and the functions that handle resource loading, canvas manipulation, and style application.",
  "sinks": "The main sinks involve canvas drawing operations, image creation, and data URL generation for exporting images. No untrusted data is directly used in sensitive operations such as database queries or system commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from resource inputs through loaders (loadUrl, loadFile), into image processing functions, into canvas drawing functions, and finally into data URL or blob outputs. No evidence of data being sent over network or outside the environment.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified and wrapped as a webpack bundle, which may be a typical build artifact. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behavior (e.g., network requests, system modifications) are apparent. The structure appears standard for a watermark library.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles loading images from URLs or files, manipulating them via canvas, and positioning text or images as watermarks. It includes resource caching, flexible positioning functions, and output options. There are no signs of data leakage, network communication, or system compromise. The minified bundle may obscure some internal details, but the exposed functions are consistent with image processing and watermarking tasks. No malicious code or malware signatures are identifiable. The code does not perform any suspicious operations such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or unauthorized system modifications.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate watermarking library that facilitates image manipulation on the client side. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks based on its static analysis. The minified webpack bundle is typical for production JavaScript libraries and does not indicate obfuscation or malicious intent. Overall, the package appears safe and intended for legitimate use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}