{
  "purpose": "This code provides a React Native module for handling in-app purchases on iOS and Android platforms, including functions for initiating purchases, retrieving product and subscription info, validating receipts, and managing purchase transactions.",
  "sources": "User inputs include SKU identifiers, receipt data, purchase tokens, and optional parameters for purchase functions. Data is also retrieved via native module calls and network requests for receipt validation.",
  "sinks": "Network requests for receipt validation (fetch to Apple and Google APIs), native module functions that could potentially expose or manipulate purchase data, event listeners for purchase events.",
  "flows": "Input data such as SKU and receipt info flows into functions like validateReceiptIos/Android and buyProduct/Subscription, which send data via fetch or native modules to external services; purchase events flow from native modules to event listeners; receipt validation responses flow back from external APIs to the app.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or tokens are present. The code primarily calls external APIs and native modules. No suspicious or unusual dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or hidden backdoors detected. The code follows standard in-app purchase handling patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation for in-app purchases across iOS and Android with network calls for receipt validation and event handling. It uses platform-specific APIs and makes network requests to official stores' endpoints. No hardcoded credentials, malicious data leaks, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The network fetches for receipt validation are typical; response handling includes error checking. No obfuscation, code injection, or backdoors are detected. Overall, the code performs legitimate purchase functions with standard security considerations. The functions for receipt validation handle errors properly, and no malicious data exfiltration or harmful code is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of in-app purchase handling with proper API usage and no signs of malicious behavior. It does not contain hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malware. The network calls are for receipt validation, following official APIs. Overall, it appears secure with no immediate risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}