{
  "purpose": "Render an SVG visualization of a musical chord diagram with customizable labels, notes, and annotations.",
  "sources": "Imports from local modules ('./config', './Fretboard', './NoteFactory', './Text', './Title', './utils') and the function parameters (title, notes, watermark, labels, startAtFret, numberOfFrets, numberOfStrings).",
  "sinks": "SVG rendering logic uses DOM elements, but there are no direct sinks involving external data output or network transmission. The code uses parameters to generate SVG elements for display.",
  "flows": "Parameters (title, notes, labels, watermark, startAtFret) influence the SVG rendering and visual layout, but there are no external data flows or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code strictly generates SVG elements based on input parameters and imported configuration. No dynamic code execution, no obfuscated code, and no external data transmission observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a React functional component 'ChordSVG' that constructs an SVG image based on input props such as notes, labels, and title. It uses imported configuration constants and utility functions for layout calculations. The logic is straightforward, focusing on SVG element composition for visualization purposes. All data flows are internal and controlled; no external data fetching, no suspicious logic, and no manipulation of environment variables or system data. The code does not contain any obfuscated or minified code that could hide malicious behavior. There are no signs of malware, data exfiltration, or malicious backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical React component for rendering SVG graphics related to musical chords. It contains no malicious or suspicious behavior, no data leaks, and no signs of malware. It appears safe and intended solely for visualization purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}