{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component for rendering a musical chord diagram as an SVG, with configurable parameters like title, notes, labels, and watermark.",
  "sources": "Input data includes component props such as title, notes, labels, watermark, startAtFret, numberOfFrets, numberOfStrings. The notes array is particularly relevant as it is mapped to render notes.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted sinks are rendering functions that output SVG elements and text, which could be manipulated if input is malicious, though in this context, they are for visual display. No network, file, or environment variable interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props into rendering logic: notes data flows into NoteFactory for note rendering; labels and watermark influence visual elements; startAtFret affects displayed fret label; all are used to generate SVG elements.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code constructs detected. The code uses standard React JSX syntax and common utility functions for clamping values. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component that generates SVG graphics for a guitar chord diagram. It relies on input props for configuration and rendering. The only potential concern is the notes array, which could contain malicious data if misused externally, but given this is a UI component, it is expected to be sanitized or validated elsewhere. No external network calls, environment variable usage, or code execution features are present. The code employs common utility functions and React JSX patterns. Overall, the implementation appears safe, with no malicious intent or security risks embedded.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React component for rendering SVG graphics of a guitar chord. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. It appears safe and suitable for use in a client-side application. The only potential concern is input validation of notes, which is outside the scope of this snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}