{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes for client and server socket communication, managing data flow and connection lifecycle in a networked environment.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from buffers passed to _push(), and connection identifiers (_id) are set during construction.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data is sent via Module.clientWrite, Module.serverNotify, and disconnect functions, which send data or signals to external modules or network connections.",
  "flows": "Input buffers are processed in _push() to assemble complete messages; data from application is sent in _write() functions via external Module methods; connection disconnects also invoke external module functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses a custom buffer protocol with length-prefixed messages. It relies on external modules (Module.*) for disconnect and data transmission. The use of concatenation and read/write of length headers is standard, no suspicious patterns observed. No hardcoded secrets or unusual code features detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard stream handling with length-prefixed message framing. The _push() method assembles incoming data streams into complete messages before emitting them. The _write() method prepares data with length headers and passes it to external Module functions for transmission. Connection management is done via external Module calls during destruction. No obfuscated code, hardcoded credentials, or malicious behaviors are evident. External module functions might handle network operations, but their implementations are not provided; based solely on this code, no malicious activity is observable.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard implementation of socket stream classes with proper data framing and connection handling. No signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected within this code snippet. It functions as a typical network communication layer, assuming external modules are trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}