{
  "purpose": "Configure Vite build settings for a JavaScript project, managing aliases, CSS preprocessors, dependency optimization, and different build modes (with or without Angular externalization).",
  "sources": [
    "Import statements for 'defineConfig' and 'path'.",
    "Constants defining base configuration, including resolve aliases, CSS options, and dependencies.",
    "Definition of 'configLean' and 'configBundle' for different build modes.",
    "Exported default configuration function that dynamically adjusts minification based on command-line arguments and mode."
  ],
  "sinks": [
    "Configuration object returned for the build process, influencing how files are bundled and optimized."
  ],
  "flows": [
    "Process command-line arguments to determine minification setting.",
    "Select configuration based on 'mode' ('bundle' or default).",
    "Modify the configuration's minify setting accordingly.",
    "Export final configuration object used by the build tool."
  ],
  "anomalies": [
    "Use of '/node_modules/video.js' as an alias path is unusual; typically, absolute or relative paths are used, but this alone is not malicious.",
    "Commented-out code and multiple similar configuration blocks suggest possible experimental or legacy code, but nothing malicious.",
    "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network activity, or obfuscated code are present.",
    "The code does not contain any dynamic code execution, eval, or suspicious imports."
  ],
  "analysis": "The code primarily serves as a configuration script for Vite, defining build options, aliases, and external dependencies. It dynamically adjusts minification based on command-line arguments and build mode. No code reads untrusted input during runtime, no network activity, and no embedded malicious payloads are evident. The use of paths and aliases appears standard for build setup. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The commented code and the straightforward logic indicate clean, intentional configuration management without hidden malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script functions as a standard build configuration file with no indicators of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It performs expected tasks for a JavaScript build process, with no suspicious or malicious code elements identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}