{
  "purpose": "This code module validates and processes configuration objects for mapping attributes in DynamoDB, including setting defaults, validating property types, and handling attribute aliases and keys.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from the 'config' parameter, including properties such as 'dependsOn', 'transform', 'coerce', 'required', 'map', 'alias', 'setType', 'delimiter', 'prefix', 'suffix', 'partitionKey', and 'sortKey'. It also reads 'field' and 'track' objects to manage state and validation results.",
  "sinks": "Potentially problematic sinks are mainly in the 'error' function calls (from utils_1), which throw errors upon validation failures. No data leaks or unsafe data handling are observed. No malicious data output or external network operations are present.",
  "flows": "Validation flows from source properties in 'config' to validation logic, which checks types and constraints. Errors are triggered if invalid data or configurations are detected. The function ultimately returns a processed attribute configuration object, with no external side effects.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to follow standard validation patterns. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious code, backdoors, or covert behaviors are evident. The __rest function appears to be a standard TypeScript helper for object destructuring. The code is comprehensive in validation but contains no hidden or unusual code segments.",
  "analysis": "The module performs systematic validation of attribute configuration objects for DynamoDB attribute mappings. It checks property types, prevents conflicting attribute definitions, and manages internal state for keys and defaults. All validation errors invoke a utility function designed for error reporting. There are no signs of obfuscated or malicious code; the functions perform expected validation and assignment tasks. No network operations, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads are detected. The code is straightforward and consistent with common validation patterns.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard attribute validation and processing module for DynamoDB configurations. It contains no malicious behavior or malware signals. Its primary function is to enforce configuration correctness, with no suspicious side effects. Overall, it appears safe and well-structured.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}