{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom drawing mode for Mapbox GL Draw, enabling users to create and manipulate circles by defining a center and radius interactively.",
  "sources": "Imports from external libraries (@mapbox/mapbox-gl-draw, @turf/circle, @turf/distance, @turf/helpers) and internal utility functions (drag_pan, get_center_point_for_circle). The code reads user interactions such as mouse/touch events to update the shape.",
  "sinks": "Uses user events (mouse/touch) as input and updates feature properties and geometries. No direct untrusted data output or network connections are evident. No external data sinks like network requests or file writes are present.",
  "flows": "User interaction (click, drag, move) updates the feature's center and radius properties, leading to recalculation and rendering of the circle geometry based on the user input. No suspicious data flow to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. The code performs expected interactions for a drawing mode, such as disabling double click zoom, creating vertices, and updating features.",
  "analysis": "The code correctly defines a custom mode for drawing circles with user interaction: setting center on mouse down, updating radius on drag/move using turf distance and circle functions, and resetting on click/tap. It manages feature state and UI updates securely. No malicious behavior, data leaks, or suspicious network activity are apparent. The code uses external libraries responsibly for geometry calculations, and no obfuscated or malicious constructs are present.",
  "conclusion": "This is a well-structured custom drawing mode for creating circles on a map interface. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code performs standard geometry and UI updates without suspicious external interactions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}