{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a collection of utility functions and modules for JavaScript development, including regex patterns, image compression, environment detection, cookie management, clipboard copying, Excel export, date formatting, deep cloning, debounce, and throttle functions, packaged as a library called 'k-collection'.",
  "sources": "Input data is primarily from local variables, DOM APIs (e.g., window.navigator, document.cookie), and external resources (e.g., image files, network responses in exported functions). No external or untrusted data sources are directly read within the code.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include cookie setting functions, clipboard copy commands, data URL creation for file downloads, and blob conversions for image compression. These are standard operations with no indication of malicious intent.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (such as files, cookie values, user agent info) through utility functions, with no evidence of untrusted data being exploited to cause harm or data leakage. The image compression process handles image files and converts them to base64 or blobs safely. Cookie functions set or get cookies, typical of web applications.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected. The code uses standard libraries and practices. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. All functions perform expected utility operations. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration mechanisms are identified.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured collection of utility modules for common frontend tasks, packaged in a way typical for open-source JavaScript libraries. It uses standard APIs and does not include any suspicious or malicious code. Functions are straightforward, with no signs of malware such as hidden network communications, backdoors, or data theft. The use of global variables and direct DOM manipulation is typical for this context. The presence of minified code is consistent with standard library packaging and does not indicate obfuscation or malware. Overall, the code appears benign and intended for legitimate utility purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard utility library for JavaScript development. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware is present. The code performs expected functions with safe patterns. It is suitable for use from a security standpoint.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}