{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a JavaScript library package providing utility functions such as regular expressions, image compression, user agent detection, cookie handling, copying text, exporting Excel files, date formatting, deep cloning, debouncing, and throttling, intended for use within Vue.js projects.",
  "sources": "Imports from external modules (e.g., package info JSON), utility functions, and configuration objects. No direct external input reading beyond standard browser APIs.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulations (e.g., document.cookie, document.createElement, document.execCommand), network requests via provided HTTP methods (post, subscribe), and file downloads (creating and clicking links).",
  "flows": "Function calls for cookie management, file handling, and network requests flow from input parameters or function invocations to DOM and network interactions. No suspicious source-to-sink data flows identified.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated code. The code primarily consists of utility functions and configuration data. All functions are standard utility implementations. No signs of backdoors or covert channels.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of utility functions and configuration settings. It does not contain any code that reads untrusted input in a malicious way, nor does it send data over the network beyond standard HTTP POST requests intended for legitimate data retrieval. The cookie handling functions manage cookies with configurable parameters but do not contain hidden or malicious behavior. The file handling functions for image compression operate on provided File objects. The export, date formatting, and cloning functions are straightforward utility implementations. There is no evidence of malicious code such as data exfiltration, system tampering, or reverse shells. The presence of external package info and configuration data is benign. The code appears to be well-structured, with no obfuscation or suspicious language features.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard utility library for Vue.js projects, providing common functions without any signs of malicious intent or sabotage. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}