{
  "purpose": "The code constructs and renders visual feature elements in a browser, likely for bioinformatics data visualization, by creating DOM elements representing features with various styles and event handlers.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters such as 'features' array, 'divName', and DOM elements (document.getElementById). It also uses external modules './utils' and 'biojs-events'.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM elements, setting styles, event listeners, and appending children, which could potentially execute code or manipulate UI based on untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Input data (features, feature coordinates) is processed, sorted, and then used to create styled DOM elements with event listeners that trigger 'mouseover', 'mouseout', and 'click' events, affecting the UI.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward, focusing on DOM creation and styling. No hardcoded secrets or credentials. No suspicious network activity, code injection, or hidden behavior observed. Event handlers trigger only local visual effects and custom events.",
  "analysis": "The code performs data validation (checks for features), sorts features by start position, calculates minimal rows for display, and creates DOM elements to visually represent features with styles and event handlers. No external network calls, file modifications, or system commands are present. Event handlers only modify element styles and trigger custom events via 'this.trigger', which is part of 'biojs-events'. External modules are used for utility functions and event management. The code does not process untrusted input beyond rendering, nor does it contain obfuscated or malicious code. No signs of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious behavior are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate visualization module that dynamically creates styled DOM elements for features. It uses external modules safely, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. No malware or malicious behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}