{
  "purpose": "The code provides a utility class 'NumberUtil' with various static methods for mathematical calculations, number formatting, and string operations, intended for general use in JavaScript applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters such as val1, val2, value, min, max, amount, and other input parameters; also reads from global object for module definition and external dependencies (_mathPercent).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include formatting functions that generate string outputs, especially formatCurrency and format, which could be misused if injected into DOM or network calls, but no such calls are present here. No direct data leaks or malicious network activity are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through calculations (e.g., isEqual, min, max, normalize) to return statements, with formatting functions converting numerical results to strings. No external or untrusted data sources are explicitly used within the code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are apparent. The code is straightforward utility functions. There is a minor typo in the comments ('alogrithm' instead of 'algorithm'), but this is benign. No obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution, or suspicious patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class with multiple static methods performing standard mathematical operations, number formatting, and string conversion functions. It depends on an external Percent class (_mathPercent) but does not execute any code that interacts with the network, file system, or system environment. No malicious intent or malicious code patterns are evident. The code appears to be well-structured, typical of utility libraries, with no anomalies or suspicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript module is a benign utility library for number operations and formatting. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or malware. It appears to be a standard, safe dependency intended for general numerical utilities.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}