{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for handling configuration settings in an Ember.js application, allowing dynamic retrieval of provider-specific configuration values with default fallbacks.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from the 'configuration' object, which is set via the 'configure' function. It also accesses properties of Ember objects via 'get' and 'this.get'.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks are present that handle untrusted data or lead to data leaks. The code primarily manages internal configuration data without network or file system operations.",
  "flows": "Configuration data flows from external settings into the 'configuration' object via 'configure'. The 'configurable' function retrieves values from this object, potentially calling default functions if values are undefined.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded secrets, suspicious network calls, or obfuscated code. The code includes a comment referencing Ember.js internal behavior but does not implement any malicious or suspicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a 'configurable' function that creates computed properties for Ember objects, fetching configuration values from a shared 'configuration' object. The 'configure' function allows external setting of configuration data. No external inputs are processed at runtime aside from configuration setting; the code does not perform any network operations, file access, or system modifications. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The only potential concern is the dynamic configuration handling, but this is standard and safe within the context. Overall, the code is straightforward configuration management with no malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard configuration utility for Ember.js with no signs of malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities. It handles configuration data safely without network access or sensitive data leaks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}