{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Strapi plugin for export-import functionality, including UI components for uploading CSV files, exporting CSV data, and displaying alerts within the admin interface.",
  "sources": "Reads user interactions (file uploads, button clicks), fetches configuration data via API calls, accesses window.URL and document for file handling, and reads form data from file inputs.",
  "sinks": "Creates downloadable CSV files using window.URL.createObjectURL, appends and removes DOM elements for file download, and displays alert notifications. Uses fetch API for server communication.",
  "flows": "User actions trigger API calls to fetch config or upload files, resulting in data being sent over network or files being processed for download. Alerts are managed via React state and displayed accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network connections identified. Use of standard libraries and patterns appears normal. No obfuscated code, malicious API calls, or suspicious behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages UI components, user interactions, and network requests typical of a plugin handling file uploads/downloads and notifications. External dependencies are standard for React, styled-components, and Strapi. The axios configuration and fetch adapter are used for API requests but do not exhibit malicious behavior. No indications of data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden network activity are present. All network requests seem related to plugin operations, and DOM manipulations are standard for download links and modal dialogs.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate Strapi plugin for exporting and importing CSV data, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It utilizes common libraries and techniques suitable for its purpose. No malicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}