{
  "purpose": "This script provides client-side syntax highlighting and code formatting for various programming languages within HTML pages, primarily used for displaying source code snippets in a readable, styled format.",
  "sources": "Reads the inner HTML of <pre>, <code>, and <xmp> tags, extracts source code and DOM text nodes, and reads class names for language detection and formatting options.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM elements by replacing or wrapping text nodes with styled <span> elements, and appends or inserts new DOM elements such as <li> and <ol> for line numbering.",
  "flows": "Source code extracted from DOM nodes flows into language-specific lexers and decorators, which then produce style annotations. These annotations are applied back to DOM elements, replacing plain text with styled spans or list items.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity present. No dynamic code execution, evals, or obfuscated segments are evident. The code relies solely on DOM manipulation and regex-based lexing. No external malicious domains or data exfiltration activities detected. The license and comments are consistent with open-source code for syntax highlighting.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive JavaScript syntax highlighting library that parses code snippets, detects language via class names, and applies syntax styles using regex-based lexers. It employs non-intrusive DOM manipulations, such as replacing text nodes with styled spans and wrapping code lines in list items for line numbering. There are no signs of malware, network communication, or malicious behavior. The functions are well-structured for syntax highlighting, and no code indicates data theft or sabotage. The license and comments are standard for open-source syntax highlighters, with no obfuscated or suspicious patterns. The absence of eval, dynamic script loading, or network requests further supports this. Overall, the code appears benign and solely intended for client-side code formatting.",
  "conclusion": "This script is a benign open-source syntax highlighting library intended for enhancing code display in web pages. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. Its purpose is to parse, style, and format source code snippets within HTML documents. No signs of malware, sabotage, or security threats are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}