{
  "purpose": "The code is a JavaScript library for browser-side syntax highlighting and pretty printing of source code contained within HTML elements, supporting multiple languages and embedding features.",
  "sources": "Reads DOM elements (<pre>, <code>, <xmp>) with specific classes, extracts inner HTML, and processes source code and style information.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM nodes by replacing text nodes with styled <span> elements, and inserts <ol> and <li> elements for line numbering. No data leaks observed.",
  "flows": "Source code is extracted from DOM -> processed with lexers and style decorators -> DOM nodes are replaced or styled with class-based <span> elements and list structures.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. Uses extensive DOM manipulation for syntax highlighting, which is standard. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution found. Licensing comments are benign. No attempts to send data over network or execute hidden system actions.",
  "analysis": "The script is a syntax highlighting library (Google Code Prettify). It loads source code from trusted DOM elements, applies regex-based lexers for different languages, and decorates code with styled <span> elements. It modifies DOM structures to add line numbers and highlighted code, all in a typical, controlled manner. The code is structured for readability and extensibility, with no obfuscated parts, no network activity, and no indications of malicious behavior. It does not read untrusted input directly from user data or environment variables, nor does it perform any system calls or data exfiltration.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign, open-source syntax highlighting library. It performs DOM manipulations for styling code snippets in web pages and does not contain any malicious or sabotage behavior. The malware score is low, and no security risks are identified within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}