{
  "purpose": "The code is a JavaScript library designed for browser-side syntax highlighting and pretty printing of source code embedded in HTML documents. Its primary function is to identify language constructs, apply styles, and enhance code readability in web pages.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from HTML elements such as <pre>, <code>, and <xmp> tags via DOM traversal. It extracts inner HTML and text nodes to process source code content for syntax highlighting.",
  "sinks": "The code writes decorated HTML back into DOM elements by modifying innerHTML, appending <ol> and <span> elements, and replacing text nodes with styled spans. It also creates and manipulates DOM nodes for line numbering and syntax decoration.",
  "flows": "Source data (inner HTML/text content of code blocks) flows from DOM elements into JavaScript strings, is tokenized and styled via regex matching and lexers, then flows back into DOM as styled <span> and <li> elements, replacing original code blocks with decorated versions.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain any hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obvious malicious code. It employs dynamic DOM manipulation for syntax highlighting, which is typical for such libraries. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors are evident. It does perform extensive regex-based parsing, but this is consistent with its purpose and does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive syntax highlighting library for web pages, with functions for extracting source code from DOM nodes, lexing and tokenizing code with regex patterns, and applying CSS classes for styling. It includes mechanisms for registering language handlers, processing embedded scripts/styles, and numbering lines. No code patterns suggest hidden data collection, network activity, or sabotage. The structure is modular, focusing on safe DOM manipulation and styling. There are no obfuscated or suspicious code snippets; all logic aligns with syntax highlighting purposes.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, open-source syntax highlighting library aimed at improving code readability on web pages. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage, and its operations are confined to safe DOM processing and styling. No security risks or malware are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}