{
  "purpose": "This code provides geometric algorithms for N-dimensional vector math, hyperplane computations, convex hull, Delaunay triangulation, and related geometry operations. It is designed for shape construction, mesh generation, and computational geometry tasks.",
  "sources": "Reads input points from external sources passed to functions like quickHull, delaunay, barycentricCoords, and visibilityWalk. Uses internal variables for intermediate computations, such as point arrays, matrices, and temporary buffers.",
  "sinks": "Performs calculations that involve matrix inversion, determinant computation, and geometric intersections. No explicit data sinks or network communications are present. No output or data exfiltration code is found.",
  "flows": "Input points are processed through geometric functions that compute convex hulls, Delaunay triangulations, and hyperplanes. Data flows from input points through vector and matrix operations, into geometric constructs like facets and ridges, then into output structures such as convex hull facets or triangulation facets.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behavior, no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network activity. The code is heavily focused on computational geometry with standard math operations. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present. Functions are well-structured for shape computations.",
  "analysis": "The code implements geometric algorithms using vector and matrix math, including determinant calculation, matrix inversion, hyperplane derivation, and convex hull construction. It relies solely on mathematical computations and data structures. No parts of the code perform network operations, file access, or system modifications. It follows standard patterns for shape processing and computational geometry. The inclusion of functions like 'lift', 'delaunay', and 'quickHull' are typical in geometry libraries. The code is not minified or obfuscated, and no suspicious anomalies are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate geometry processing library for convex hulls, triangulation, and hyperplane calculations. It does not contain malicious behavior, data leaks, backdoors, or sabotage. All observed functions perform standard mathematical and geometric operations. No security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}