{
  "purpose": "This module sets configuration options and manages dynamic requires for mathematical and quantity-related classes or functions, likely as part of a larger calculation or parsing library.",
  "sources": "require('./math'), require('./UncertainNumber'), require('./quantity'), require('./expression')",
  "sinks": "None explicitly present; dynamic require calls are for module loading, which are standard in Node.js modules.",
  "flows": "Not applicable; no data flows from untrusted sources to sinks. The code mainly performs configuration and module management.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic require calls inside getters, which could be exploited for code injection if module paths are manipulated. However, as the paths are static strings, this is a typical pattern for lazy loading modules and does not inherently indicate malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a configuration object with default options for a mathematical library. It includes getters and setters that lazily load modules ('./UncertainNumber', './quantity', './expression') only when accessed, via require calls. The dynamic require statements are standard for module loading in Node.js but could pose risks if module paths are manipulated or if the code is modified to load arbitrary modules. There are no other suspicious patterns such as hardcoded secrets, external network calls, or obfuscated code. The require calls are static string literals, minimizing the risk of malicious module injection. The overall structure suggests typical modular JavaScript code for a library, with no evidence of malicious intent or behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily configuration and module management with lazy loading of dependencies. The use of static require paths reduces the likelihood of malicious module injection. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected in this code. The pattern is standard and appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}