{
  "purpose": "This code defines an Axios-based HTTP request interceptor with integrated loading indicators and error handling for a web application, managing request and response lifecycle events.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from Axios request configurations, including headers and formData properties, and uses imported modules such as axios, utils, element-ui, and vant.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted data (e.g., error messages, server responses) are exposed directly to the user interface via element-ui or vant notifications. The code does not seem to send data elsewhere or perform external network requests outside the axios calls.",
  "flows": "Input data (request headers, formData, error responses) flows through axios interceptors, which handle loading UI and error messages. Error messages from responses are displayed via UI components; request headers may include showLoading and loadingConfig settings.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The code performs typical request/response intercepting tasks, with UI loading/error handling. No obfuscated code or unusual constructs detected.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up an axios instance with request and response interceptors. Request interceptor shows a loading indicator based on request headers, manages request count, and processes formData. Response interceptor handles success and error status codes, displays error messages via UI components, and manages loading indicator states. Error messages are user-facing, but no malicious data exfiltration or code injection is present. The code relies on standard libraries and patterns. No anomalies or suspicious behavior found.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of axios interceptors for UI loading and error handling in a web application. No malicious behavior, suspicious anomalies, or malware indicators are present. It is a typical pattern for request management with proper UI feedback, with no signs of security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}