{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions for generating salts, hashing data, and comparing hashes, primarily for password security, using native bindings and cryptographic functions.",
  "sources": "Reads include requiring modules ('node-pre-gyp', 'path', 'crypto', and local './promises'), and reading input parameters for functions such as 'data', 'salt', and 'hash'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are cryptographic functions such as 'bindings.encrypt_sync', 'bindings.encrypt', and 'bindings.compare_sync', 'bindings.compare' which process untrusted input data and salts; also, 'crypto.randomBytes' used to generate cryptographically secure random data.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input data (e.g., 'data', 'salt', 'hash') flows into cryptographic functions. Salts are generated with 'crypto.randomBytes' and passed to native binding functions for hashing. Comparison functions take user-provided hashes and data for validation.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs standard cryptographic operations with no suspicious logic. Usage of 'crypto.randomBytes' is appropriate for cryptographically secure random salt generation. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are evident. Logging of minor variable 'minor' is benign. No obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The module offers typical password hashing functionalities with appropriate use of cryptographic randomness for salts. Input validation is thorough, ensuring data and salt types are correct. The code relies on native bindings for actual cryptographic operations, which are not provided here; assuming these are standard and secure. No signs of malicious data leakage, remote control, or sabotage are present. The code does not contain any network activity or data exfiltration mechanisms. All cryptographic practices appear standard and safe.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard cryptographic utility for password hashing and verification, with no malicious intent or security risks identified. It uses cryptographically secure randomness and proper validation. No malware or sabotage signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}