{
  "purpose": "This code adds source map generation capabilities to a CSS renderer, allowing for debugging and tracing of CSS rules back to their source files during development.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), CSS input (rawCss), and stack frames via 'stacktrace-js'.",
  "sinks": "Encodes source maps and injects a style element into the DOM containing the source map URL, which could potentially be exploited to inject malicious CSS if the rawCss input is untrusted.",
  "flows": "Input CSS (rawCss) flows through enqueue(), which captures the current stack trace, then data is accumulated in a queue. When flushed, source maps are generated and a style element is created and appended to the document head. The renderer's putRaw method is overridden to incorporate enqueue() before calling original behavior.",
  "anomalies": "Uses 'window.btoa' for base64 encoding; relies on global 'document' and 'window' objects indicating browser context; no apparent hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The process.env.NODE_ENV check disables functionality in production. The code appends potentially large CSS with embedded source maps to DOM, which could be misused if rawCss contains malicious CSS. No suspicious or malicious code injection is detected beyond standard debugging support.",
  "analysis": "The code conditionally executes only in non-production environments, preventing source map generation in production, which is typical for debugging tools. It captures stack frames to associate CSS rules with source files, aiding development. The source map generation process involves encoding mappings and injecting a style element with embedded source maps into the DOM. The code uses standard APIs and does not perform any network activity or system modification. No obfuscated code or malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden malware is detected. The potential security concern lies in injecting raw CSS, which if untrusted, could be crafted to perform CSS-based attacks (e.g., CSS injection or exfiltration techniques), but this is context-dependent and not malicious code per se.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a development utility for CSS source mapping, with no evidence of malicious intent or malware. Its behavior is typical for debugging purposes, and it does not exhibit suspicious activities or security vulnerabilities. However, improper use with untrusted CSS inputs could pose security risks, but this is a usage concern rather than an inherent flaw.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}