{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React component for rendering an interactive organizational chart with features such as zoom, pan, export, and hierarchy management.",
  "sources": "Input data via the 'datasource' prop, user interactions (clicks, wheel events, touch events), and DOM elements for rendering and exporting images.",
  "sinks": "Export functions generate images or PDFs using canvas data; DOM manipulation for zoom and pan; event handlers that respond to user inputs.",
  "flows": "User interactions (click, touch, wheel) modify transform and zoom state; export functions capture the chart via html2canvas; changeHierarchy modifies data via dsDigger; click events may trigger external callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors detected. The code uses standard libraries and patterns. No suspicious network activity, data leaks, or hidden actions are apparent. Functions like exportTo handle data export securely without external or untrusted data sources.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component that manages an organizational chart with features like zoom, pan, hierarchy manipulation, and exporting. It uses well-known libraries (json-digger, html2canvas, jspdf) for data handling and rendering. The functions involved in exporting images and PDFs operate locally on the DOM and canvas data, with no network transmission involved. Event handlers process user input for interaction but do not perform any malicious actions. There are no indications of hidden code, backdoors, or malicious behavior; all code segments perform their intended UI functions. No insecure practices like use of environment variables for secrets, unsafe eval, or dynamic code execution are present. The only slight concern could be the handling of data URLs for download, but this is standard for export features and does not suggest malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React component for visualizing and interacting with organizational data. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. It employs standard libraries and practices, with functionalities limited to data visualization and export. No security risks are identified within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}