{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to perform face verification requests using images from various sources (local files, URLs, blobs, base64), submitting data to an external API endpoint for face matching verification.",
  "sources": "File system reads (fs.createReadStream, fs.statSync), HTTP GET requests for images (axios.get), and input parameters for URLs or paths.",
  "sinks": "HTTP POST requests to provided URL with image data and API key in headers, potentially sending large image data streams or JSON data.",
  "flows": "Input data (local files, URLs, blobs, base64 strings) read or fetched, then sent via axios POST requests with the API key in headers to the specified endpoint.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious external domains, or hidden code present. The code correctly handles image streams and data uploads. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. The API key is passed as a parameter, not stored within the code. No dynamic code execution or system modifications observed.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically gathers images from local files or URLs, then constructs form-data payloads for face verification API calls. It uses axios for HTTP requests, managing streams and headers appropriately. No indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system modifications. The code appears to be a legitimate API client wrapper for facial verification, with standard handling of image data and request flow. It adheres to good practices for handling streams and API communication without evident vulnerabilities or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of a face verification client using external API endpoints, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles image data securely and uses proper request construction. The code appears safe and aligns with typical SDK or API client patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}