{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of functions to verify faces using different input methods (images, URLs, blobs, base64) by sending data to a specified verification API endpoint.",
  "sources": "File system streams (fs.createReadStream), HTTP GET requests for images via axios.get, direct input parameters for URLs, and base64 strings.",
  "sinks": "Axios POST requests to a specified URL with form data or JSON payloads, including API key headers.",
  "flows": "Input data (files, URLs, base64 strings) are read or fetched, assembled into form data or JSON, and then sent via axios.post to the API endpoint with an API key.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. However, the code uses 'x-api-key' header passed as parameter; no validation or sanitization of this key is shown, but this is standard. The code handles file streams and network requests properly. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution present. The functions are straightforward, with no hidden or malicious behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard libraries (axios, fs, form-data) and defines multiple functions for face verification via different input types. It reads files and URLs, constructs form data, and posts to an API with an API key. There are no signs of data leakage, hardcoded secrets, or malicious network connections beyond the expected API communication. No evidence of malware like reverse shells, system compromise, or data exfiltration. The code appears to be a client SDK for face verification services. Overall, it performs its intended function securely, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward SDK for face verification, utilizing common libraries and patterns. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It handles data securely and communicates with an API as intended. No obfuscation or suspicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}