{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebSocket and HTTP streaming abstraction for peer-to-peer communication, managing connections, message queuing, and reconnection logic.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from method parameters (start, send, etc.), fetch responses, WebSocket messages, and internal state variables.",
  "sinks": "Uses WebSocket.send() to transmit data; uses fetch() to send HTTP POST requests with JSON payloads; emits events based on received data.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., messages, tokens, IDs) flow into start() and send(), which are then transmitted via WebSocket or HTTP based on connection status. Incoming messages are parsed and emitted.",
  "anomalies": "No evidence of hardcoded credentials or secrets. Connection URLs are constructed dynamically with input parameters but do not contain suspicious or malicious patterns. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution. The use of standard WebSocket and fetch APIs appears normal. No hidden or malicious payloads or backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes WebSocket and HTTP streaming connections with configurable URLs. It manages connection states, reconnections, message queuing, and timeout handling. Incoming data is parsed from JSON, and outgoing messages are JSON-stringified before transmission. No suspicious or malicious patterns are present; communication patterns follow standard practices. The code relies on external utilities (util) for logging and error handling, which seem standard. There are no indications of malicious data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors. The use of dynamic URL construction from parameters is typical for connection setup, with no signs of malicious obfuscation or hidden behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of WebSocket and HTTP streaming for peer communication. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks beyond typical connection management. It functions as intended for real-time data exchange without malicious modifications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}