{
  "purpose": "This code provides an abstraction for establishing peer-to-peer connections using WebSockets and XHR streaming, mainly for real-time communication in a peer-to-peer network.",
  "sources": "Reads include URL construction with potentially dynamic parameters, fetch responses, WebSocket messages, and incoming data streams.",
  "sinks": "WebSocket message handling, emitting events, HTTP POST requests, and message parsing are potential sinks for untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Input data (from server via WebSocket or HTTP streams) flows into JSON parsing and event emission. Outgoing data is stringified and sent over WebSocket or HTTP POST depending on connection state.",
  "anomalies": "No evidence of hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code uses URL parameters and data streams securely but does not sanitize input explicitly. Usage of environment variables or origin headers could be misconfigured but are standard practices. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation detected. No data exfiltration or malicious network connections are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages network connections via WebSocket and XHR streaming, handling message parsing, queuing, and connection states. It constructs URLs dynamically with user-provided parameters like host, port, keys, IDs, and tokens, which are typical in such modules. Incoming messages are parsed as JSON and emitted, while outgoing messages are stringified and sent over the appropriate transport. The code handles connection errors and reconnections but does not contain any code that exfiltrates data, contacts suspicious domains, or includes hidden backdoors. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present. The data flow from server to client and vice versa appears standard and benign.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a network communication module for peer-to-peer connections, implementing WebSocket and HTTP streaming. It performs typical operations with no signs of malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or supply chain attacks. It employs standard patterns for real-time messaging and connection management without suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}