{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component 'ZCChart' for rendering various chart types, including gauge, pie, and others, using external libraries and custom components.",
  "sources": "Props passed to the component, especially 'data', 'type', 'gaugeProps', and 'bodyComponent'. The 'data' prop is used to supply data to charts; 'props' are received as input.",
  "sinks": "Rendering of chart components (GaugeChart, ChartistGraph) which process data; React component rendering; potential 'data-testid' attribute for testing. No unsafe data sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Props are received and destructured; data is passed directly to chart components; conditional rendering based on 'type'. Data flows from props into visual components without manipulation or insecure processing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors detected. Usage of 'styles.info.color' in 'textColor' could be a concern if 'styles' were compromised, but it appears to be a style object imported from external styles. The code is straightforward and does not perform any dynamic code execution or network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code imports React and styling libraries, as well as chart components. It defines a functional component that renders different types of charts based on props. No suspicious or malicious code, such as data exfiltration, command execution, or network communication, is present. The component conditionally renders gauge or pie charts, passing data directly to external libraries. No hardcoded credentials, environment variables, or insecure practices are observed. The code structure is typical for React components, and external dependencies are standard charting libraries. Overall, the implementation is safe, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React component for rendering charts and does not contain any malicious or suspicious behavior. It properly handles props, uses safe rendering practices, and does not perform any insecure operations. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}