{
  "purpose": "Evaluate the security implications of the code, focusing on the use of dynamic code execution via the Function constructor in xEval.",
  "sources": "localValue and operation parameters used in xEval, which are interpolated into code strings for Function evaluation.",
  "sinks": "The Function constructor executing code constructed from localValue and operation, which could lead to code injection if inputs are untrusted.",
  "flows": "Inputs localValue and operation flow into the Function constructor, which executes the constructed code, potentially leading to arbitrary code execution.",
  "anomalies": "Use of Function constructor with interpolated variables directly from parameters without validation or sanitization; code is straightforward and not obfuscated.",
  "analysis": "The xEval function employs the Function constructor to evaluate expressions involving localValue and operation. If these inputs are derived from untrusted sources, this pattern can enable code injection attacks. The rest of the code comprises standard utility functions with no malicious behavior. All reports correctly identify this pattern as a security concern, assigning malware scores of 0 and varying security risk scores from 0.3 to 0.75, depending on perceived input trustworthiness. Given the potential for injection, especially if inputs are unvalidated, a higher risk score (around 0.75) is justified. No active malicious payloads or obfuscation are present. To mitigate this risk, refactoring to avoid dynamic code execution or implementing strict input validation is recommended.",
  "conclusion": "The primary security concern is the use of Function constructor with untrusted inputs, which can lead to code injection if inputs are compromised. The code itself is otherwise benign and not malicious. Assigning a malware score of 0 is appropriate. The risk score should be set around 0.75 to reflect the potential severity of injection vulnerabilities if inputs are untrusted. Implementing input validation or replacing dynamic evaluation with safer alternatives is advised.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}