{
  "purpose": "The code implements a high-precision decimal arithmetic library (decimal.js) along with utility functions for data structure transformations, parsing, formatting, and a calculator class for chained arithmetic operations. It handles numeric computations, string conversions, and optional cryptographic randomness, primarily for precise mathematical and data manipulation tasks.",
  "sources": "Inputs from function arguments, string parsing, configuration objects, and optional cryptographic APIs (crypto.getRandomValues, crypto.randomBytes). Data flows are internal, involving in-memory calculations, string processing, and data structure manipulations.",
  "sinks": "Mathematical functions, string conversions, cryptographic randomness APIs, and data structure outputs. No external network or system calls are involved; cryptography APIs are used securely when enabled, and data transformations are contained within the code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from inputs (numbers, strings, configs) through parsing, mathematical operations, and formatting functions. Cryptographic APIs generate randomness only if enabled. Data transformations are internal, with no external data leaks or network activity.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation, hidden logic, or malicious code patterns detected. Cryptographic options are optional and guarded. The clone function and calculator class could be resource-intensive if misused but do not constitute malicious behavior. No signs of sabotage, backdoors, or external data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive, well-commented high-precision decimal library with extensive mathematical functions, parsing, formatting, and utility features. It employs standard cryptographic APIs securely when enabled. Data flows are confined within in-memory calculations and data transformations. No obfuscation, malicious logic, or external system interactions are present. The cryptography options are optional and properly guarded, minimizing misuse risks. The scores for malware are zero, with high confidence levels (~0.95), indicating the code is safe and legitimate.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, secure, and well-structured high-precision decimal arithmetic library with auxiliary utilities. No malicious, sabotage, or obfuscated content is detected. The cryptographic features are optional and used securely. Overall, the supply chain security risk is very low, with no signs of malicious activity or obfuscation.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}