{
  "purpose": "Library for creating and manipulating categorical probability distributions, including sampling, learning, and serialization.",
  "sources": "Functions for generating random numbers (randomFromInterval, randomOrderedSetFromInterval, shuffle), data input via dump/load methods, and user-provided categories for learning and sampling.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks are unlikely; untrusted data can influence distribution states via load() and dist() functions. Random functions could be manipulated if seed is compromised, but no direct data leaks or external connections are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (categories, weights) flow into learning functions (learn, unlearn), distribution updates occur internally, and sampling functions produce outputs based on internal state. No external network or system commands are invoked.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious privacy violations. The random number generators are standard and well-understood. No obfuscated or misleading code detected. The dump/load serialization is straightforward. The module offers extensive distribution manipulation but no malicious side effects.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of a categorical distribution library with functions for creating, updating, sampling, and serializing distributions. It uses standard JavaScript patterns, such as IIFEs and prototypes. The random functions are typical for generating samples. Exception classes are defined for error handling, all related to distribution logic. There is no evidence of code injection, external network communication, or hidden malicious behavior. No use of environment variables, system calls, or suspicious dynamic code execution is detected. All code appears to serve its purpose for statistical distribution management with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard open-source library for probabilistic distributions with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It employs normal coding patterns and well-understood algorithms. There are no external data leaks, network communications, or hidden backdoors. Overall, it appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}