{
  "purpose": "The code defines default configuration settings for various types of charts used in a JavaScript charting library, including line, bar, tristate, discrete, bullet, pie, and box charts. It also specifies default styles for tooltips.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options directly within the getDefaults function, particularly within the returned object literals. It also constructs a CSS string for tooltip styling.",
  "sinks": "The tooltipFormat property in each chart configuration creates instances of SPFormat with format strings that may include dynamic data. The CSS string assigned to defaultStyles could potentially be injected into the DOM, but it is a static string in this context.",
  "flows": "The code flows from the getDefaults function returning configuration objects, which may be used elsewhere to generate or render charts. The tooltipFormat objects could process untrusted data for display, but the format strings are static templates. The defaultStyles string is static and applied as CSS.",
  "anomalies": "The use of 'new SPFormat' within the configuration objects assumes that SPFormat is a defined constructor or class; if undefined, it would cause runtime errors. There are no hardcoded credentials, suspicious domain calls, or malicious code such as network requests, file modifications, or obfuscated code. The CSS string is static and standard. No code injection or hidden backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes default chart configurations with various style and data formatting options. All properties are static or instantiated via the SPFormat constructor, which is assumed to be safe. The CSS styles are static strings, not dynamically generated or loaded from external sources. There are no input sources, external data reads, or network interactions. No anomalies or suspicious code patterns are present. The code appears purely for setting UI configurations without any malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a configuration setup for a charting library, containing no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It mainly defines static default settings and styles for chart components. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, data leakage, or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}