{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Grunt build configuration for a project that manages tasks such as linting, cleaning, copying files, and processing file blocks for HTML and JavaScript files.",
  "sources": "Configuration objects defining file paths and task options, including 'grunt.initConfig', 'copy', 'fileblocks', and task registration calls.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe file paths and content processing in 'fileblocks' tasks, especially in the 'src' and 'dest' fields where files are read and written. No direct sinks for untrusted data processing, but file operations could be misused if file contents are malicious.",
  "flows": "No evident source-to-sink data flows involving untrusted input; mostly static configuration for file processing. 'fileblocks' tasks read specified files and generate output files with embedded content based on templates.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns observed. The code primarily sets up build tasks and does not include executable logic beyond file operations. No obfuscated code present. No external network connections or system commands are invoked.",
  "analysis": "The script loads several Grunt plugins and configures multiple tasks for linting, cleaning, copying, and processing files. The 'fileblocks' task handles file inclusion and template processing, but it operates solely on local file paths and static templates. There is no code that dynamically fetches data from untrusted sources, executes code dynamically, or interacts with external systems in a malicious manner. All file paths are static, and task options are explicitly defined. No suspicious patterns or behaviors detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a standard build configuration for managing files in a JavaScript project. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain attacks. All operations are static and related to file manipulation within the local environment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}