{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component named 'Moon' which visually renders a moon phase using styled-components for styling. It appears to be a UI widget for displaying moon phases based on input parameters.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from component props such as 'size', 'rotation', 'darkColor', 'lightColor', 'phase', and 'border'. It also imports external libraries React, PropTypes, and styled-components.",
  "sinks": "The code does not include any sinks that send data over the network, write to system files, execute system commands, or perform other common malicious actions. It primarily manipulates DOM styles via React components.",
  "flows": "Input props (sources) influence style calculations and visual rendering within the React component, but no data flows to external systems or network destinations.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard React component code for visual presentation. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The use of mathematical functions for rotation and display logic are typical for UI animations.",
  "analysis": "The code imports React, PropTypes, and styled-components, and defines styled components for rendering a moon phase graphic. It uses mathematical functions to determine rotation and visibility states. No external data fetching, network communication, or system modifications are present. The code structure is consistent with typical React UI components and does not contain obfuscated code, malicious code, or unusual patterns. The only potential concern is the calculation of 'background' style based on phase, but it is purely visual. Overall, the code is benign and intended for UI rendering.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard React component for displaying moon phases. It does not contain malware or security risks, and there are no indications of malicious intent. It appears safe and non-malicious.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}