{
  "purpose": "This script seeds a MySQL database using environment variables for configuration, reading a schema SQL file and piping it into the MySQL CLI process.",
  "sources": "Environment variables such as TEST_MYSQL_USER, TEST_MYSQL_HOST, TEST_MYSQL_PORT, TEST_MYSQL_PASSWORD; the require.resolve('./test/schema.sql') file read stream.",
  "sinks": "The spawned 'mysql' process with command-line arguments; piping of the schema SQL into mysql.stdin.",
  "flows": "Environment variables are used to construct command-line arguments for the mysql process; schema.sql content flows into the mysql process via stdin.",
  "anomalies": "Use of default credentials ('test'/'test') without validation; minimal error handling; reliance on environment variables without sanitization.",
  "analysis": "The code reads environment variables for database connection parameters, defaulting to insecure 'test' credentials. It constructs command-line arguments for the mysql CLI, then pipes a schema SQL file into the process. No obfuscation, malicious network activity, or suspicious code patterns are present. The script's purpose is straightforward: to seed a test database. The use of default credentials is a security concern but not malicious. The code does not perform any data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious payloads. The environment variables are used directly in command-line arguments, which could be risky if environment variables are compromised, but this is typical in testing scripts. Overall, the code is benign and aligns with standard testing utilities.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a simple, benign database seeding utility intended for testing environments. It does not contain malicious behavior or obfuscation. The primary security concern is the use of default credentials, which should be replaced in production. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is approximately 0.2 due to insecure defaults.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}