{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a minified, large JavaScript bundle primarily related to map editing and geojson feature manipulation, possibly part of a mapping library or plugin (e.g., Mapbox GL Draw). Its main purpose is to provide functionality for drawing, editing, and managing geojson features on a map interface.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from map layers, feature collections, and user interactions such as clicks, drags, touches, and keypresses. It also accesses DOM elements for controls and map containers. It listens to map events and user input to modify geojson features.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data inputs include map events, user gestures, and feature property updates. Sinks involve feature creation, deletion, modification, and mode changes. Potential sensitive outputs include feature data being passed to map fire events and possibly network communications if integrated with server-side components (not evident here).",
  "flows": "User interactions such as clicks, drags, and key presses serve as sources that trigger feature updates and mode changes; these actions lead to feature creation, editing, or removal, and emit map events like draw.create, draw.update, or draw.delete. Data flows from user inputs to feature modifications and event emissions, but no external network requests are directly observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified and appears to be a compiled bundle with multiple modules. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behavior such as system data exfiltration, reverse shells, or crypto mining is detectable. The code includes typical geojson feature handling, event management, and UI control logic. No suspicious external domain calls or hidden network activity is evident. No obfuscated code patterns or uncommon language features suggest malicious intent beyond standard minified library code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified JavaScript bundle, likely generated from multiple source modules. It contains functions for creating, updating, and deleting geojson features, managing map interactions, and UI controls. The presence of functions like feature addition/removal, event triggers such as draw.create/draw.update, and map controls are consistent with a mapping library. It does not include any network requests, data exfiltration, or hidden code execution. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. The code's structure and content are typical for a geojson editing plugin, with no indications of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a minified map editing library component, providing feature manipulation and user interaction handling. There is no evidence of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It functions as intended for geojson feature management within a mapping interface. Given the lack of external malicious signals or suspicious patterns, the security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}