{
  "purpose": "The code appears to instantiate a WebAssembly module with custom import and export handling, providing functions for interpolation and resampling of data, and utility functions for string handling and memory management.",
  "sources": "Reads data from the WebAssembly module's memory buffer, input parameters for functions such as 'resample' and 'abort'. No external input sources like network or user input are directly read within this code snippet.",
  "sinks": "Uses functions like __setF32 for writing to memory, and __liftString for reading strings from memory. No data is written to external systems or network in this code.",
  "flows": "Input parameters to functions like 'resample' and 'abort' can flow into memory manipulation functions. However, there is no evidence of untrusted data flowing to external effects or network connections.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes a custom abort function that throws an error with a constructed message, which is standard. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are evident. The code does perform low-level memory management but in a typical WebAssembly context.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical WebAssembly module instantiation wrapper, including functions for memory management, string conversion, and function exports. The 'abort' function throws errors with detailed messages, which is common for debugging or error handling. No suspicious external network activity, backdoors, or malicious payloads are present. The code manages references carefully with __pin and __unpin, but this is standard for wasm modules. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate, well-structured WebAssembly loader with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard WebAssembly instantiation wrapper with no malicious behavior detected. It handles memory and data conversions securely and does not exhibit any suspicious or malicious patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}