{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Type class for serializing data, hashing, signing, and verifying signatures, likely for data integrity and authentication within a larger application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters such as 'data', 'schema', 'secretKey', and 'publicKey'. It also imports modules '../crypto' and '../helpers' which may source additional data or functions.",
  "sinks": "Crypto functions like crypto.hash, crypto.sign, and crypto.verifySignature potentially handle sensitive cryptographic keys and data. The serialize method outputs Uint8Array, but does not directly transmit data.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., 'data', 'schema', keys) flows into serialize, hash, sign, and verifySignature functions. These functions process data for cryptographic operations, with no direct external data flow visible beyond module imports.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code primarily handles serialization and cryptography via imported modules without revealing or leaking data.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Type class for serialization and cryptographic operations such as hashing, signing, and verification, utilizing external crypto and helper modules. Functions are straightforward and standard for data integrity. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The code relies on external modules for cryptographic implementations, which are typical in secure code. The code does not perform network communication, data exfiltration, or other malicious activities. It appears to be a standard, well-structured utility for cryptography and serialization.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility for data serialization and cryptography, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It relies on external modules for cryptographic functions, which is common. There are no anomalies or suspicious behaviors that indicate malicious or sabotage activities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}