{
  "purpose": "The code injects SVG symbols into the webpage for use as icon fonts and appends a style for their display, likely for UI icons.",
  "sources": "It reads the last <script> element's 'data-injectcss' attribute to determine whether to inject CSS. It also creates a <style> element if needed and inserts SVG symbol definitions into the DOM.",
  "sinks": "It modifies the DOM by inserting style and SVG elements, which could be exploited if malicious data is injected into the script tag attributes or the SVG content is manipulated externally.",
  "flows": "The script reads 'data-injectcss' attribute, conditionally injects CSS, then creates and inserts SVG symbols and styles into the document, primarily during DOM ready or load events.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard icon font injection script with inline SVG symbols and CSS injection logic. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are evident. It dynamically inserts SVG symbols and style definitions in a standard way.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs DOM manipulations to insert SVG symbol definitions and styles for icon fonts. It checks for the last <script> element's attribute 'data-injectcss' to determine if it should inject a CSS style block. It sets up event listeners for DOM readiness and appends hidden SVG symbols to the DOM, which is a common pattern for icon font libraries. There is no evidence of obfuscation, malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The operations are limited to DOM modifications. The SVG symbols are static and appear to be icon graphics. The CSS injection is optional and controlled via a script attribute, which is typical for modular icon font scripts. Overall, this appears to be a benign icon font injection script with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard icon font SVG injection script with conditional CSS insertion. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. The logic is typical for icon font setups and poses no security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}