{
  "purpose": "The code appears to inject SVG icon symbols into the webpage and conditionally inject CSS styles for SVG icon font display.",
  "sources": "The script reads the 'data-injectcss' attribute from the last <script> element on the page.",
  "sinks": "The code writes a style element to the document via document.write if CSS injection is needed, and inserts an SVG symbol set into the DOM.",
  "flows": "The script reads the 'data-injectcss' attribute -> if needed, writes CSS style -> creates a div with SVG symbols -> inserts it into DOM before existing elements.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses document.write, which can be unsafe if misused, but here it only writes style rules. The SVG symbols are static icon definitions, no dynamic or user input involved. The script dynamically injects SVG symbols into DOM, which is common for icon font implementations.",
  "analysis": "The code's primary function is to inject a set of SVG icon symbols into the page and conditionally add associated CSS styles. It checks if CSS has already been injected via a custom flag '__iconfont__svg__cssinject__'. If not, it adds style rules for '.svgfont' class. The SVG symbols are hardcoded and static, embedded directly within the script. It appends the SVG container to the document, ensuring icons are available for use. The script waits for DOM readiness using various methods, including event listeners and the doScroll hack for older browsers. The use of document.write for style injection is somewhat outdated but safe here since the content is static and controlled. No evidence of data leakage, remote network connections, code obfuscation, or malicious payloads is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for injecting SVG icon symbols into a webpage with conditional CSS injection. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or malware indicators. The use of document.write is typical in icon font scripts, and the icons are static SVG definitions. Overall, it appears safe and intended for icon management, with no signs of malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}