{
  "purpose": "The code dynamically injects an SVG sprite sheet into the DOM for use as icon fonts. It also conditionally injects CSS styles for icon display.",
  "sources": "The SVG sprite sheet is embedded directly within the script. The script reads a 'data-injectcss' attribute from the last script tag to determine if CSS should be injected.",
  "sinks": "The code writes CSS styles into the document using document.write, which could potentially be misused if the input were manipulated, but here it is static. No other sinks are present; no network or data leakage is observed.",
  "flows": "The script reads the 'data-injectcss' attribute from the last script tag as a source. It then conditionally writes style tags into the document as a sink. The SVG sprite is inserted into the DOM as part of the DOM manipulation functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs DOM manipulations to insert SVG sprite and CSS styles based on a script attribute. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. No hardcoded secrets or credentials. The approach is typical for icon font injection.",
  "analysis": "The script retrieves the last script element's 'data-injectcss' attribute to decide whether to inject CSS styles for icon font display. If not already injected, it adds style rules for '.svgfont'. It then creates a div element with innerHTML set to the embedded SVG sprite sheet, moves it into the DOM in a hidden manner (positioned absolutely, width/height zero). The code includes standard DOMContentLoaded and readyState checks for cross-browser compatibility. No network connections, data leaks, or malicious behaviors such as code execution, backdoors, or data theft are present. The code’s purpose appears to be static icon font injection for UI purposes.",
  "conclusion": "This code is benign and serves the purpose of injecting SVG icon sprites and associated styles into the webpage. No malicious intent, suspicious behavior, or security risks are detected based on the code content. It follows standard patterns for icon font setup.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}