{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a Vue.js component library (Rating component) that extends a dynamically generated input field (DynoField). It provides UI for rating inputs with stars and optional select dropdowns, intended for use in Vue applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from props (e.g., value, min, max), component attributes, and internal data (mutatedValue). It uses standard Vue lifecycle hooks and methods to handle user input and emit events.",
  "sinks": "Data flows from user interactions (input/select changes) back through emitted events ('input') to parent components. No insecure or dangerous sinks such as network requests, system commands, or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "User input events in the Vue components update 'mutatedValue', which then triggers the 'updateValue' method to emit 'input' events upward. No external data or untrusted sources influence the data flow beyond standard Vue data binding.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors detected. The code uses standard Vue patterns and widely-used libraries. No obfuscated code, suspicious network activity, or malicious behavior is evident. The component is a UI widget with no system-level operations.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Vue component that provides a rating input interface with stars and optional select. It relies on standard Vue and JavaScript features, external libraries for polyfills, and a dynamically extended base component (DynoField). All data handling is within the Vue component scope, with safe data binding and event emission. No code indicates malicious intent, data exfiltration, or sabotage. The code structure and dependencies are consistent with typical Vue component libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign Vue component library for rating inputs. It performs UI rendering and standard data binding without any suspicious or malicious behavior. No signs of malware or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}