{
  "purpose": "This code defines Vue.js components for dynamic form fields, including a rating component and a generic input component, with styling and configuration options. It primarily facilitates UI rendering and user input handling.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include props (e.g., 'value', 'min', 'max', 'customAttributes'), attributes from parent components, and DOM events like 'change' and 'input'. No external or untrusted sources are explicitly read within the code.",
  "sinks": "Data is emitted via 'input' events to parent components; DOM elements are manipulated for rendering inputs and rating stars. No data is written to files, network, or system outside UI rendering. No sinks suggest malicious data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "Input data from props and attributes flow into component state ('mutatedValue'), which then emits 'input' events. User interactions update 'mutatedValue', which propagates upwards. No external flows or data exfiltration paths identified.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code. The code includes standard Vue component patterns and dependencies for styling and polyfills. No obfuscated or misleading code features are detected. No unusual network calls or malicious functions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Vue.js component implementation with styling dependencies and polyfills for older browser support. It extends a common form field component, rendering various input types including checkboxes, radios, text, and a custom rating component. It handles user input, updates internal state, and emits changes to parent components. External dependencies are typical and do not indicate malicious intent. There are no network connections, file manipulations, or system modifications. The code appears to be a legitimate UI component library with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Vue.js component setup for dynamic form inputs, including a rating widget. It contains no signs of malware, malicious data leaks, backdoors, or sabotage. It primarily handles user interaction and UI rendering securely. Confidence in the assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}