{
  "purpose": "The code primarily consists of webpack bootstrap code, module loading, and Vue.js component definitions for a rating widget and a dynamic input field (DynoField). It appears to be a UI library for rendering form controls with no evident malicious intent.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include props such as 'value', 'name', and 'customAttributes'. The code reads these props, but does not perform any operations on external untrusted sources like environment variables or network requests.",
  "sinks": "Data outputs are via emitted events ('input') and DOM element interactions (checkboxes, radio buttons, select, input). There are no sinks that send data over the network, write to files, or execute system commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interaction with form elements to component state (mutatedValue), then emits 'input' events to parent components. No external flows or untrusted data manipulations are present.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code does not include hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated malicious code. The webpack bootstrap code is standard. External modules imported are common polyfills and Vue utilities. The component logic is straightforward, with no dynamic code execution, eval, or network operations.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of minified webpack bootstrap, standard polyfills, and Vue.js components (DynoField and Rating). The components facilitate rendering form controls with configurable attributes. There are no network requests, file system access, or system commands. The code does not manipulate environment variables or perform any suspicious operations. It is a typical UI component library with no signals of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate UI component library built with Vue.js, focused on rendering form inputs and rating controls. There are no indications of malicious intent, sabotage, or supply chain attacks. The code is standard, well-structured, and free from suspicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}