{
  "purpose": "This code generates factory functions and helpers for GraphQL schema types, primarily for use in code generation for GraphQL clients or servers.",
  "sources": "Reads the GraphQL schema via 'schema.getTypeMap()', inspects type fields and their properties, and processes type definitions and values.",
  "sinks": "Generates TypeScript code strings via 'ts_poet_1.code' and appends them to code chunks, which are later returned as a content string.",
  "flows": "Schema types and fields are read as sources; corresponding TypeScript factory functions and helpers are generated as sinks; the generated code strings form the main flow.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. The code uses dynamic code generation to produce factory functions, but this is a common pattern in codegen tools.",
  "analysis": "The script imports necessary modules and defines an asynchronous plugin function that generates TypeScript code based on GraphQL schema types. It creates factory functions for each object type, helper functions for enum details, and ID management functions. The code dynamically inspects schema types, processes enums and objects, and constructs TypeScript code snippets accordingly. No external data is fetched or sent, and there are no network or system command executions. All code appears focused on code generation for client-side or server-side GraphQL type management. The use of code generation libraries and the pattern of creating factory functions suggest a development tool rather than malicious code. No obfuscated or minified code is present, and the functions and variable names are descriptive and typical for such code generators.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical GraphQL code generator plugin that creates factory functions and helpers. It does not contain any malicious behavior or malware signals. It is intended for development purposes to facilitate GraphQL type handling. No security risks or anomalies are identified in the code. Overall, the code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}