{
  "purpose": "The code is a plugin for GraphQL code generation that creates factory functions and helpers for constructing GraphQL types and enums in TypeScript.",
  "sources": "The code reads the GraphQL schema and type definitions, especially via schema.getTypeMap(), type.getFields(), and related functions.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform any direct data output to external sources, network, or system calls. It generates code strings with type and factory function definitions but no code that writes or transmits data.",
  "flows": "The data flows from schema type definitions to generated factory functions and helper functions, transforming schema types into TypeScript code; no external data flow or untrusted input handling is evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code mainly generates factory functions based on schema types. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or obfuscated code is detected. The code does use string interpolation for code generation, which is standard for codegen tools, but no dangerous execution patterns or eval-like constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The script is a code generation plugin that creates TypeScript factory functions for GraphQL types, including enum helpers and ID generators. It reads schema types via GraphQL API, then constructs code snippets stored in chunks, which are later combined into output. There are no network calls, environment variable uses, or system modifications. The code is structured and appears to be a typical codegen utility, not designed for malicious behavior. No anomalies like hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious data handling are present. The use of string templates is consistent with code generation patterns and does not introduce executable code risks beyond the generation scope.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward GraphQL TypeScript code generator plugin with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It generates factory functions and helpers based on schema definitions. There are no malicious behaviors or supply chain attacks detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}