{
  "purpose": "This code generates TypeScript factory functions and helpers based on a GraphQL schema for use in code generation output, particularly for constructing GraphQL types with default values and enum handling.",
  "sources": "Reads schema types, fields, and enum values; processes configuration options; generates code snippets based on schema introspection.",
  "sinks": "Generated code strings that are returned as the output content; no direct sinks for untrusted input data within the runtime code.",
  "flows": "Schema types and fields are read (source), processed to generate factory functions and enum helpers (processing), resulting in code snippets that are returned as the content (sink).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network calls present. Usage of code generation libraries appears standard. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. No dynamic code execution or system manipulation observed.",
  "analysis": "The script is a code generator that introspects GraphQL schema types to produce TypeScript factory functions and helpers. It processes type information, including enums and detail objects, to produce code that initializes types with default values. No input validation or network communication occurs within this code. The code relies on well-known libraries (`change-case`, `ts-poet`, `graphql`) and performs no dangerous operations such as executing untrusted input, writing to system files, or network connections. All code appears to be straightforward, purely procedural, and intended for static code generation. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a schema-based TypeScript factory code generator with no evidence of malicious intent. It functions as a tool to produce type-safe factory functions for GraphQL types. No malware or security risks are detected based on the static analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}