{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a parser or interpreter for a custom expression language, handling syntax such as variables, operators, parentheses, and function calls.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from 'scanner' objects that provide token types and text, as well as from input expressions passed to functions such as 'expression', 'variable', and 'label'.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs and returns various expression objects, which could potentially be used downstream in execution contexts. No direct data leaks or network actions are evident within this code fragment.",
  "flows": "Input tokens are processed through methods like 'next' and 'return' across multiple classes, transforming raw input into structured expression objects. No external sinks or system calls are present within this snippet.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive syntax parsing with no evident malicious payloads, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors. Usage of 'Object.seal' and variable naming seem consistent with a parsing library. No unusual or suspicious code constructs are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured parser for a custom expression language, handling variable resolution, operator precedence, parentheses, and function calls. It utilizes classes and prototypes to manage parsing states and syntax constructs. No network, file, or environment variable access is performed, and no suspicious logic such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or malicious code is present. The functions and classes focus solely on syntax analysis, with error reporting and token consumption. Given the absence of external system interactions, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated constructs, and considering the purpose as a syntax parser, the likelihood of malicious intent is very low.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a syntax parser for a custom expression language, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It appears to be a legitimate component for processing expressions within a larger system. The malware and security risk scores are accordingly low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}