{
  "purpose": "Implements OAuth2 authorization flow with Spotify API, prompting user for credentials, storing tokens locally, and setting up a server to handle OAuth redirects.",
  "sources": "User input prompts for 'client_id' and 'client_secret'; OAuth redirect endpoint receiving authorization code; token exchange process.",
  "sinks": "Storing tokens ('access_token' and 'refresh_token') in local configuration; console logs; server responses.",
  "flows": "User inputs -> stored in config; user navigates to Spotify login -> redirect with code -> code exchanged for tokens -> tokens stored in config.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets; no obfuscation; tokens stored in plain text in local config; server runs on localhost only.",
  "analysis": "The code performs a standard OAuth2 authorization code flow for Spotify, collecting user credentials via prompts and storing them locally. It sets up an Express server to handle login and callback routes, exchanging authorization codes for access tokens. No malicious or suspicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors are present. The storage of tokens and credentials in local configuration is typical for development but could be improved for production security. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscation or malicious intent detected. The security risk is low, primarily due to local token storage, and the malware score is zero. The overall structure and behavior align with standard OAuth implementations, and the provided reports correctly assign low scores and high confidence. No further security concerns are evident. The code is safe for OAuth integration purposes in a development context.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign OAuth2 implementation for Spotify, with no signs of malware or obfuscation. The security risk is minimal and acceptable for development, though token storage could be secured further for production. The reports' assessments are accurate and consistent with the code's behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}