{
  "purpose": "The code implements an interactive command-line Minesweeper game supporting multiple dimensions and user interaction through coordinate selection, flagging, and game state management.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the command line via readline interface, specifically user-entered commands and coordinate selections. No external untrusted data sources are explicitly used within this code.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include console output (console.log, process.stdout.write) for displaying game state, messages, and user prompts. No data is written to files or network connections within the provided code.",
  "flows": "User input from command line flows through parseSelection and command handling logic into game methods (select, toggleFlag). Output to the console displays game state and responses based on user commands. No external data flows are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. The code uses standard libraries and straightforward logic. No obfuscated code or unusual constructs are present. The only noteworthy aspect is reliance on the Nsweeper class for game logic, but this is a typical dependency, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes a Minesweeper game with user-configurable parameters and provides an interactive CLI. It correctly handles user commands for gameplay, help, and exit. The input parsing uses regex to split user commands into coordinates, which are then processed by game methods. The game state and display functions are straightforward. There are no signs of code injection, malicious network activity, or data exfiltration. All code appears to be standard game interface logic, with no hidden or malicious behavior. The external dependencies are libraries for CLI interaction and display, which are common and benign. Overall, the code does not exhibit malicious intent or behavior, and there are no suspicious patterns or anomalies that suggest sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a CLI Minesweeper game with configurable options. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected. The implementation appears secure and appropriate for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}