{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JavaScript library for formatting and parsing currency and numbers, primarily used for financial calculations and display.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters, particularly in formatting and parsing functions, and also reads environment context for module definitions (e.g., exports, define).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that output formatted strings or parsed numerical values. No data is sent over the network, but output functions could be misused if combined with untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through parsing functions (o, unformat) and formatting functions (t, formatNumber, formatMoney, formatColumn). These functions process user-provided data but do not perform dangerous operations like code execution or network access.",
  "anomalies": "The code is a standard library with versioning, license comments, and typical formatting functions. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are observed. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a self-invoking function that initializes an object 'c' with methods for number and currency formatting, parsing, and configuration. It handles different module systems (CommonJS, AMD, global). The functions utilize regex and standard JS operations to parse and format numbers and currencies, with no evidence of malicious intent. The library is focused on data formatting; it does not perform network requests, file operations, or system modifications. The code appears well-structured and typical for a utility library, with no suspicious logic or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-known JavaScript library for formatting and parsing monetary values. There is no malicious behavior detected, and it does not perform any harmful actions or data exfiltration. It appears safe for use in applications.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}