{
  "purpose": "This library provides functions for formatting and parsing numbers and currencies, primarily used for accounting and financial calculations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters of functions such as formatting strings, options objects, and numerical values. It also references configuration settings within the library.",
  "sinks": "The code performs string manipulations and outputs formatted numerical strings. It does not perform any network operations or data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "Input data (numbers, options) flows into formatting and parsing functions, which process and return formatted strings or numerical values. No external data is fetched or sent.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard, minified version of the accounting.js library without obfuscation. No unusual code patterns, hidden functions, or suspicious constructs are evident. No hard-coded credentials or backdoors are present. It lacks any network activity, external resource access, or environment variable usage beyond typical formatting functions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified, open-source library for currency and number formatting, with no indications of malicious behavior. It does not contain network calls, data leaks, or hidden code. It primarily provides formatting utilities, and the structure is typical for a well-known library. No anomalies, such as hardcoded secrets or malicious patterns, are found. The functions operate on input parameters and configuration options, with no evidence of malicious intent. The initial comment confirms the library's purpose and licensing. Overall, the code appears benign and intended solely for formatting operations.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, benign open-source formatting library with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is safe to use, with a low malware score and security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}