{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Grunt plugin named 'cmsdeploy' which automates deployment of files to a remote server via HTTP/HTTPS requests.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration options (remote server details, files to deploy, etc.), reads files from disk using grunt.file.read, and reads command-line options (e.g., 'auto' mode).",
  "sinks": "Uses HTTP/HTTPS request to send file data (postData) to remote server. Sends JSON-serialized data via req.write(postData).",
  "flows": "Sources (configuration options, files, command-line flags) flow into the start function, which manages file grouping, reading file content, possibly enhancing data, and then sending HTTP/HTTPS requests with file content as payload.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets found. The code disables SSL verification (rejectUnauthorized: false), which is insecure. The sleep function uses a busy-wait loop, which is inefficient but not malicious. The code conditionally auto-watches files if 'auto' is enabled, potentially causing continuous deployment but not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a deployment task that reads files and sends their contents to a remote server via HTTP/HTTPS requests. It uses non-secure SSL settings (rejectUnauthorized: false), which could expose data to man-in-the-middle attacks. No hardcoded credentials or sensitive data are embedded. The code does not perform malicious actions like data theft, system modification, or reverse shells. The busy-wait sleep function is inefficient but benign. The auto-deploy feature via file watching could be misused for unwanted continuous deployment but is not malicious per se.",
  "conclusion": "The script appears to be a legitimate deployment utility with insecure SSL verification settings. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or malware signatures. The main security concern is the disabled SSL verification, which could facilitate man-in-the-middle attacks during deployment. No hidden backdoors or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 4
}