{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript class 'ZeebeFargateCluster' for creating a Zeebe cluster on AWS using CDK constructs. It sets up networking, ECS, security, and storage configurations for deploying Zeebe on Fargate.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters, environment variables, and hardcoded string literals such as container images and configuration parameters.",
  "sinks": "Uses environment variables, logging configurations, and resource identifiers (like access point IDs and security group IDs) to configure AWS resources. No evidence of data leakage or external data transmission.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor and initProps method (configuration inputs) to resource creation (ECS clusters, security groups, EFS, etc.). No external data or untrusted inputs are transmitted outside AWS infrastructure. Environment variables are statically assigned.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. All environment variables and resource IDs appear to be standard configuration parameters. No obfuscated code, unusual dynamic code execution, or misleading variable names. The code is well-structured and appears to be standard infrastructure setup.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured AWS CDK construct for deploying Zeebe on Fargate, creating VPC, security groups, ECS cluster, EFS storage, and ECS task definitions. It uses static strings for container images and resource names. Environment variables are set explicitly for the container configurations, with no indication of malicious data handling or external communication. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or network connections to suspicious domains are present. The code focuses solely on infrastructure deployment without external data leakage or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard AWS CDK construct for deploying Zeebe on AWS Fargate. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or sabotage. All operations are related to resource provisioning and configuration, with no signs of malware, data exfiltration, or backdoors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}