{
  "purpose": "A JavaScript runtime and scripting engine for CozyScript, supporting compilation, parsing, sandboxed evaluation, and custom require extensions for '.cozy' files.",
  "sources": "File system reads (fs.readFileSync), user input via code strings, require extension for '.cozy' files, sandboxed code execution via vm, external modules ('./lexer', './parser', './nodes').",
  "sinks": "Code execution via vm (vm.Script, runInThisContext, runInContext), dynamic require of '.cozy' files, eval-like code compilation and execution, reading external files that could contain malicious code.",
  "flows": "File reads -> compile/parse -> code execution via vm or require extension -> sandboxed eval or module loading.",
  "anomalies": "Use of require.extensions to auto-compile '.cozy' files, dynamic code execution with vm, no obfuscation or hidden code, no hardcoded secrets or backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard scripting environment with features for compiling, parsing, and executing code, including custom require extension for '.cozy' files and sandboxed eval via vm. No malicious payloads or obfuscated code are present. The main security concern is the potential for executing untrusted code through 'vm' or loading malicious files via the require extension. The code's design is typical for such environments, with sandboxing and file extension handling, which can be exploited if misused but are not inherently malicious. The malware score is 0, as no malicious code is detected. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and readable. The security risk score ranges from 0.2 to 0.5 in the reports, reflecting moderate risk due to code execution features. Overall, the code is a legitimate CozyScript runtime component, with standard features and no signs of malicious intent. Proper validation and sandboxing are recommended when handling untrusted inputs, but the code itself is not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard, legitimate CozyScript interpreter with sandboxed execution and custom require extension for '.cozy' files. No malicious payloads or obfuscation are present. The main security concern is the potential misuse of code execution features with untrusted sources, which is a common risk in such environments but does not indicate malicious activity. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the overall security risk is moderate (~0.4). Proper safeguards should be employed in deployment to mitigate risks associated with untrusted code execution.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}