{
  "purpose": "This code provides functionality for image compression and extraction of image metadata (EXIF data) within a web application, mainly for user-uploaded images, facilitating compression and metadata reading.",
  "sources": "Reads image files from an HTML input element specified by 'targetId'. Uses FileReader to load file data and reads image data via the Image object. Uses EXIF.getData to extract metadata from an image DOM element.",
  "sinks": "Creates Blob objects from base64-encoded images for upload or further processing. Accesses DOM elements and image data but does not write or send data externally.",
  "flows": "Image file selected via input -> FileReader reads file -> Image object loads data -> canvas generates compressed image -> Blob created from base64 data. EXIF data read from image DOM element.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors identified. The code appears to be a standard image compression utility with metadata extraction. No external network connections or data exfiltration code present. No obfuscated code or unusual language features.",
  "analysis": "The script defines an image compression utility with methods to read image files, resize via canvas, convert base64 to Blob, and extract EXIF metadata. The code is well-structured, with clear functions for each step, and adheres to common patterns for client-side image processing. No signs of malicious behavior such as network transmission of data, code injection, or hidden backdoors. The use of EXIF.js is a standard open-source library for metadata extraction. There are no dynamic code execution, obfuscated parts, or external data exfiltration attempts.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate client-side image compression and metadata extraction utility with no indications of malicious intent. It does not perform any suspicious activities, does not send data externally, nor contains hidden backdoors. It appears safe for use from a supply chain security perspective.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}