{
  "purpose": "The code defines a module that imports various statistical distribution functions and a custom random number generator, then creates a simulation setup that generates distributions based on a provided factory function, with configurable confidence and resolution parameters.",
  "sources": "Imports distribution functions from 'grosso-modo' library, imports custom RandomNumber and Sim modules, reads input parameters 'confidence' and 'resolution', and reads distribution functions within the object.entries loop.",
  "sinks": "Creates new RandomNumber instances linked to risk collection, passes these to the factory function, and ultimately creates a Sim instance. No external data or system commands are executed.",
  "flows": "Inputs (distribution functions and options) → creation of RandomNumber instances linked to risks → passing these to the factory to generate a model → creating a simulation with the model, risks, and parameters.",
  "anomalies": "The code throws an error if 'rndFs' functions are called after initialization, which is a safeguard. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or suspicious network activity detected. No hidden backdoors or data exfiltration mechanisms. No dynamic code execution or unusual variable naming beyond standard patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily sets up a statistical simulation environment. It imports known statistical distribution modules, creates a wrapper for random number generation linked to risks, and restricts the modification of distribution functions after initialization. The structure appears standard for simulation setup, with no signs of malicious intent. There are no external system calls, network communications, or obfuscated logic. The deliberate error throw indicates an effort to enforce correct usage rather than malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard simulation setup script utilizing known libraries and custom modules. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is a well-structured setup for statistical sampling and simulation, with proper safeguards to prevent misuse. Overall, the code shows no indication of malicious intent or security concerns.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}