{
  "purpose": "This script processes and transforms source code files (.wxss, .wxml, CSS/LESS/SASS/SCSS) in a given directory, applying various transformations and extractions related to font sizes, page metadata, image classes, and element sizes in the context of a mini program project.",
  "sources": "Reads files from the filesystem using 'fs.promises.readFile' for .wxss, .wxml, and style files, and reads 'app.json' to gather page data.",
  "sinks": "Writes transformed files back to the filesystem using 'fs.promises.writeFile'. No network or external data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Reads source files (wxss, wxml, style files) -> processes data through imported transformation modules -> writes output files back to disk.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or unusual code patterns observed. The code dynamically processes files based on the project structure. No obfuscated or suspicious code features detected. The imported modules are used for transforming styles and extracting classes, with no indication of malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code sequentially processes style and markup files within a directory, applying transformations such as font size adjustments, page metadata enhancements, and image size calculations. It uses glob patterns to locate relevant files and reads their content for processing. The code only performs filesystem I/O and file content transformations, relying on imported modules for specific transformations. There are no network calls, code injections, or malicious data leaks. The overall structure is consistent with a legitimate codebase for project source code transformation. No anomalies or suspicious behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This script is a standard source code transformation tool for mini programs, with no signs of malicious activity or supply chain attacks. It operates solely on local files, applying known transformations without any suspicious or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}