{
  "purpose": "The script is a Grunt task plugin that extracts and moves Browserify source maps to separate files to improve build performance and debugging.",
  "sources": "The code reads input files specified in grunt task configurations via 'fs.readFileSync(src, 'utf8')' and checks file existence with 'grunt.file.exists'. It also reads configuration options like 'options.url', 'options.root', and 'options.base'.",
  "sinks": "The code writes output files using 'grunt.file.write' to the specified destination paths. It also logs warnings via 'grunt.log.warn' and 'grunt.log.writeln'. No untrusted data is directly written or sent over the network.",
  "flows": "Source files are read from disk, their contents buffered into memory, and then written to output files after processing. Configuration options influence behavior but are not directly used in a way that affects security or data flow outside file handling.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code, are present. The code's operations are standard file handling and plugin task management. The only minor concern is the use of synchronous file reads, but this is typical for build scripts and not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script performs typical build task operations: it reads source files, verifies their existence, and writes processed output files. It uses external modules for asynchronous control, stream management, and file operations. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as network exfiltration, command execution, or data leakage. It logs warnings and errors appropriately. No obfuscation or suspicious patterns are present. The code adheres to expected build tool patterns and does not contain any malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Grunt plugin for managing source maps in a build process. It contains no signs of malware or malicious behavior. The security risk is negligible, primarily related to file handling, which appears to be legitimate and safe within this context.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}