{
  "purpose": "This code defines a class FFmpegDownloader to download prebuilt ffmpeg binaries from specified mirrors and manage their storage and versioning.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration options such as mirror URL, version, platform, architecture, and destination path; also reads environment variables like process.platform and process.arch.",
  "sinks": "Constructs URLs for download, handles file system checks, and performs network requests for downloading files. Uses debug logs for internal state, and potential error handling may output to console.",
  "flows": "Uses configuration data (mirror, version, platform, arch) to build download URL, checks local cache, and if necessary, downloads from remote source. The URL and filesystem path are the key flow points.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no obfuscated code; no suspicious dynamic code execution. The URL is constructed from options, which could be manipulated if options are externally controlled, but no malicious intent is apparent. Use of console.info and debug logs is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a structured download mechanism with caching and version handling. It dynamically constructs URLs for fetching binaries, checks for local cached files, and downloads if needed. Error handling for network errors is present, providing fallback behavior. No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks are detected. The code does not include any hidden or malicious network connections outside its defined behavior. Use of 'debug' and 'console.info' suggests standard debugging and informational output, not malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of a binary downloader for ffmpeg, with proper handling of caching and error scenarios. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage signals. No malware or security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}