{
  "purpose": "This code provides various modules for a JavaScript SDK related to Coinbase Wallet, including wallet logos, error handling, cryptographic functions, communication with wallet extensions, and session management. It facilitates interactions between a dApp and Coinbase Wallet, such as signing messages, switching chains, and managing session state.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from function parameters, environment variables, local storage, and network requests. Notable sources include user-provided data in request params, localStorage, fetch responses, and cryptographic inputs like secrets and keys.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include network requests (fetch, postMessage), localStorage modifications, WebSocket communications, cryptographic functions (encrypt, decrypt, derive keys), and dynamic code execution via cryptographic operations. Also, the code performs cryptographic key import/export and signing operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user input or stored data into cryptographic functions, network requests, and session state updates. Sensitive data like keys, secrets, or user data are read from localStorage or function parameters, then used in network calls or cryptographic processing. Encrypted data is transmitted over WebSocket and fetch requests, with decryption occurring upon receipt.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code uses cryptography with imported keys, not embedded secrets. The presence of cryptographic operations, session management, and network communication modules are normal for an SDK of this type. There is some dynamic code execution (hashing, key derivation) but no obfuscated or misleading variable names or control flow. No backdoors or suspicious network domains are evident. No code appears minified or deliberately obfuscated outside standard minification practices. Functions related to error serialization, cryptography, and WebSocket communication are standard.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a complex SDK with modules for cryptographic key management, error handling, network communication via WebSocket and HTTP, session persistence, and interactions with wallet extensions. It includes cryptography (ECDH, AES-GCM), error serialization, network requests, and session management, all typical for secure wallet SDKs. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. The cryptographic functions operate on imported or generated keys, not embedded secrets. Network interactions are via fetch and WebSocket, with no suspicious domains or data leaks. Error handling and message signing are standard. The code structure and variable naming are typical for minimized or compiled SDK code, with no indications of obfuscation or malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate SDK for wallet interaction with standard security practices.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a comprehensive SDK for Coinbase Wallet integration, including cryptographic, network, and session management functionalities. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are evident. The code employs standard cryptography, error handling, and network communication patterns without suspicious signals. It appears safe and consistent with secure SDK design.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}