{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a comprehensive SDK for Coinbase Wallet interactions, including wallet logos, error handling, cryptographic operations, session management, WebSocket and HTTP communication, and wallet connection handling, aimed at enabling DApps to interact with Coinbase Wallet securely.",
  "sources": "Data is read from environment variables, localStorage, URL parameters, and user inputs via WebSocket messages and API requests; cryptographic keys are imported/exported, and session IDs are generated randomly.",
  "sinks": "Sensitive operations include cryptographic key handling, session ID and secret storage, network requests to external domains, WebSocket communications, and cryptographic functions that process user data or session info.",
  "flows": "Sources like environment variables, URL parameters, localStorage, and user inputs (WebSocket messages) flow into cryptographic functions, session management, and network requests. Data flows from session and cryptographic key management into network request payloads, including encrypted messages and session identifiers. External API calls and WebSocket messages act as sinks, transmitting session data, user info, or encrypted content.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors are detected. The code performs cryptographic operations with imported keys, manages sessions, and communicates with Coinbase domains, which are expected functions. No suspicious URL domains or encoded payloads indicate malicious intent. The code's complexity and cryptographic functions could be misused if compromised, but in this context, they serve standard wallet SDK purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code is an extensive SDK for wallet interaction, cryptographic operations, session management, and communication with external Coinbase domains. It includes functions for generating key pairs, deriving shared secrets, encrypting/decrypting content, managing sessions in localStorage, and communicating over WebSocket and HTTP. All cryptographic and network operations seem aligned with standard wallet SDK behavior. No indicators of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or unauthorized system access, are present. The code does handle sensitive data, but within expected parameters of a secure wallet SDK, with proper cryptographic functions and session handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex but legitimate SDK implementation for Coinbase Wallet interactions, cryptographic key management, session handling, and network communication. No malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration signals are detected. It functions within the scope of enabling secure wallet operations and interactions in a decentralized app context.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}