{
  "purpose": "The code defines a map module for handling map locations, geocoding addresses, and managing location data, including UI and data processing logic.",
  "sources": "Input sources include request parameters (e.g., options.address), data fields from snippets (e.g., snippet.body), and external geocoder responses.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are data outputs such as geocoding results, data stored or updated in the database (e.g., geo coordinates), and data rendered in templates or sent to clients.",
  "flows": "Flow involves user input (address or geo), geocoding to obtain geographic coordinates, and storing or using this data in location objects, with some geocoding triggered asynchronously. Data may flow from input to geocoder, then to database updates or output rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns identified. The code uses external libraries appropriately. No suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or unusual variable usage detected. It correctly handles geocoding and data updates without malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The module primarily manages map locations, geocodes addresses, and handles map data with standard practices. It includes geocoding request management, data pruning, and search functionalities. No signs of malicious payloads, code injection, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The geocoding process is internal, controlled, and does not send data externally without explicit external calls. Usage of external libraries appears benign. The code respects separation of concerns, and all operations align with expected functionalities for a mapping module.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical map handling module with no evident malicious behavior. It manages location data, geocoding, and rendering without suspicious patterns. No malware or malicious signals are present. The security risk is low, and the code appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}