{
  "purpose": "The code implements a deprecated console reporter for Jasmine testing framework, used to output test results in a human-readable format, with optional color support.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options from the 'options' parameter passed to the ConsoleReporter constructor, including 'print', 'showColors', 'onComplete', and 'timer'. It also accesses 'module' and 'window' globals to determine environment.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the 'print' function, which outputs text to the console or a logging interface. No untrusted data sources are evident within the code itself.",
  "flows": "Data flows from internal test result objects (e.g., 'result' parameters in 'specDone' and 'suiteDone') to output via 'print' calls, formatted with color or indentation. Configuration options influence output behavior but do not process untrusted data.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes a deprecation warning message about the ConsoleReporter being deprecated, which is benign. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The code uses standard utility functions like 'indent' and 'repeat'. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a test result reporter with standard output formatting. It uses environment checks to support both Node.js and browser environments. No external inputs or outputs indicate malicious intent. The functions serve formatting and reporting purposes, with no suspicious code patterns, network calls, or data leaks. No anomalies such as hidden code or malicious data handling are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation of a deprecated Jasmine console reporter. There are no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}