{
  "purpose": "This React component renders a media display with support for video and images, fetching media URLs dynamically and handling different screen sizes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported hooks (useFetchMediaType.js) and component props (url, sourceUrl, placeholderImage, etc.). It also reads media type information (mediaType, finalURL). It reads environment variables only indirectly if used within the imported hooks, but none are explicitly used here.",
  "sinks": "Media source URLs (u, g) are used to load videos or images; potential sinks include media elements (video, img). No untrusted data appears to be written or transmitted over network or to system files.",
  "flows": "Input data (props and hook responses) flows into media rendering logic, determining whether to show a video or image. Data flows from URL props to media elements. No direct or indirect data transmission to external systems is visible.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors. The code contains typical React patterns, conditional rendering, and media handling. No obfuscated code, no dynamic execution, or misleading variable names.",
  "analysis": "The code imports React and Material-UI components, as well as a custom hook and component. It fetches media type info and URL from external sources, then conditionally renders a loading indicator, video player, or image. The logic appears standard for media display. No indications of malicious behavior, data leakage, or suspicious activity are present. The code does not perform network requests beyond those handled internally by hooks, nor does it include any code that could transmit data externally or execute malicious actions.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard React media display component with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It handles media loading and presentation securely and transparently, with no evidence of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}