{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to generate customizable watermarks on a webpage, either as text or images, with options for tiling or single placement. It includes features for invisible watermarks for copyright protection.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration options from the constructor arguments; accesses document.body and DOM elements; loads images via URLs; reads style properties for size calculations.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM styles to overlay watermarks; creates SVG and base64 encoded images for invisible watermarks; appends watermark elements to the DOM; reads image sources.",
  "flows": "Constructor argument provides configuration -> initOption processes and applies settings -> getWidthHeight measures text/image sizes -> CalculateRC determines rows and columns -> TextWatermark or PictureWatermark generate and append watermark elements -> InvisibleWatermark embeds invisible watermark background.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors observed. The code employs standard techniques for watermark generation and embedding. Use of SVG and data URI for invisible watermark is normal. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs watermarks based on configuration, with support for both text and image types, including tiling and single placement. It computes dimensions dynamically, including via image load promises. It creates styled DOM elements with CSS transforms and appends them to the target container. The invisible watermark feature encodes SVG as base64 and sets it as background. No network requests, system info access, or data exfiltration methods are present. No malicious behaviors or sabotage identified.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions solely to generate visual and invisible watermarks on a webpage. It does not contain malware or malicious intent. It employs standard, safe techniques for watermark creation. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}