{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to generate customizable watermarks (text or image) on a webpage, with options for visible and invisible watermarks, for branding or copyright protection.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from the defaultSettings object, and reads DOM elements such as document.body and document.getElementById. It also reads image src URLs for image watermarks.",
  "sinks": "The code creates and appends DOM elements, including images and SVG backgrounds, but does not directly write or modify sensitive data or make network requests. The only notable sink is setting element styles and backgrounds, particularly in the InvisibleWatermark method where it sets the background to a base64-encoded SVG.",
  "flows": "Configuration data flows from defaultSettings, used to generate watermark elements. Image sources (watermark_src) are loaded asynchronously to determine size. SVG background is generated for invisible watermarks. The code creates DOM elements with styles and appends them to the watermark_el container.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a method (InvisibleWatermark) that creates a semi-transparent SVG watermark and sets it as a background image, which is not inherently malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity is detected. The code does not perform any data exfiltration, network requests, or system modifications. It relies on user configuration, and all actions are confined to DOM manipulation. The watermarking appears legitimate and solely visual.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Watermark class with methods to create visible and invisible watermarks, either text or images, on a webpage. It reads configuration settings, calculates sizes, and creates DOM elements with styles to overlay watermarks. The InvisibleWatermark method creates a semi-transparent SVG text as a background image, a common watermark technique. The code does not contain any network requests, data leaks, or system modifications. It does not execute untrusted code or obfuscated logic. All functionalities are consistent with watermark generation. There are no indications of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate watermark generator for web pages, with configurable options for visible and invisible watermarks. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The only potentially suspicious aspect is the creation of an invisible watermark background image, but this is a standard watermarking technique and not malicious. Overall, the package appears safe and free from malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}