{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component 'ChartNode' for rendering hierarchical nodes with interactive controls such as collapsing/expanding children and drag-and-drop functionality.",
  "sources": "Reads datasource object properties (e.g., datasource.id, datasource.name, datasource.relationship, datasource.children). Uses event handlers for drag-and-drop and click events. Reads DOM elements for classList and parent/child relationships.",
  "sinks": "Uses event.dataTransfer.setData and getData for drag-and-drop data transfer. Calls changeHierarchy with parsed JSON data on drop. Calls external services for drag info and selection updates.",
  "flows": "On drag start, serializes datasource to JSON string and sets as data transfer data. On drop, retrieves and parses JSON data to invoke changeHierarchy. On click, sends selected node info to service. On mouse events, manipulates DOM classes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. No network requests, suspicious domain access, or system modifications are present. The code primarily handles UI interactions and data transfer within the client-side app.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a React UI component for hierarchical node display with interactive expand/collapse and drag-and-drop. It manages state for UI controls, subscribes to external services for selection and drag info, and manipulates DOM classes for UI behavior. Data transfer uses JSON serialization/deserialization for node data during drag-and-drop. No evidence of malicious code, backdoors, or privacy violations was found. No network connections, data exfiltration, or system modifications are present. The code appears to serve a UI purpose with standard React and DOM APIs, and the data flow is contained within the client side.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical React component for hierarchical visualization with drag-and-drop support. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. The only potential concern is the use of JSON data transfer during drag-and-drop, which is standard but should be monitored if external sources could inject malicious JSON. Overall, the code appears safe and well-structured, with no security threats identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}