{
  "purpose": "This is a webpack configuration file for bundling a JavaScript project, managing loaders, plugins, and build options.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration variables, resolves paths, and requires various plugins and loaders for processing CSS, SASS, images, fonts, and JavaScript files.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows could occur if user input influences configuration parameters or environment variables, but none are explicitly shown. The code does not directly handle untrusted input or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows mainly involve static configuration and module resolution; no dynamic data from external sources is processed within this code. The only dynamic aspects are plugin options and path resolutions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or secrets detected. The code is primarily configuration, with standard plugin setups. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The 'exclude' patterns and file matching appear normal.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard webpack configuration script with no evidence of malicious intent. It imports configuration variables, resolves project paths, sets up loaders for CSS, SASS, images, and fonts, and configures plugins and performance hints. No network operations, data leaks, or backdoors are evident. The code uses common practices for managing CSS modules, CSS extraction, and path aliasing. There are no signs of code injection, malicious data handling, or hidden behavior. The configuration appears consistent and typical for a modern JavaScript project build process.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard, legitimate webpack configuration without any detectable malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain malware or obfuscated code, and there are no indications of sabotage or data leakage. Overall, it is a safe configuration script.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}