{
  "purpose": "The code configures a webpack build process for a JavaScript project, managing input/output, module rules for handling different asset types, and environment definitions.",
  "sources": "Require statements importing modules ('webpack', 'mini-css-extract-plugin', './utils', './config'), and inline code reading configuration values and environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or execution points include webpack output configuration, environment variable definitions via webpack.DefinePlugin, and file handling rules that process assets like images and fonts.",
  "flows": "Sources such as require statements and configuration variables influence the webpack build setup; data flows through module rules and plugin configurations that control how assets and code are processed and output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments are detected. The code predominantly handles standard webpack configuration and plugin setup. No unusual or obfuscated language features are present. Usage of common modules and patterns appears normal.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical webpack configuration file for a JavaScript project, defining entry points, output paths, module rules for JavaScript, CSS, SCSS, images, and fonts, as well as plugins and resolve aliases. All imported modules and used plugins are standard. Environment variables are defined via webpack.DefinePlugin, which is common practice. Asset processing rules use well-known loaders. No signs of malicious code, such as data exfiltration, hidden network activity, or backdoors, are evident. The configuration does not include any code that dynamically executes untrusted input, nor does it contain obfuscated segments or suspicious patterns. The security risks are minimal; the configuration mainly orchestrates build processes without any apparent malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard webpack configuration file with no detected malicious behavior or security risks. It properly manages build settings and asset processing, with no suspicious patterns or anomalies. Overall, it appears safe and appropriate for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}