{
  "purpose": "This code defines functions and classes for creating SVG-based radar charts, including path creation, shape rendering, axis and label drawing, and chart composition. It exports functions for generating SVG elements and rendering radar charts with customizable options.",
  "sources": "Reads include function parameters (data, options, axes, dataset, shape parameters), DOM element creation via document.createElementNS, and object property access (e.g., axes, data, options). No external data sources or user input streams are directly read.",
  "sinks": "Uses DOM manipulation functions (createElementNS, setAttribute, appendChild) to generate SVG elements. No data is written to external locations or transmitted over network connections. No evidence of data leaks or external data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (dataset, axes, options) into shape and SVG element creation functions, which generate visual representations. No source-to-sink data transmission or external communication observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a self-contained library for chart rendering with standard SVG creation, no hardcoded secrets, no suspicious URL connections, or backdoors. The code uses conventional JavaScript features without obfuscation or dynamic code execution. No signs of malicious code or hidden backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily creates SVG elements for radar charts, including path generation, axis, labels, and scales. It performs mathematical calculations for polar coordinates, path smoothing, and shape rendering. No external network calls, no eval, no suspicious data handling. The code exports functions for external use, consistent with a visualization library. No anomalous code patterns, no dynamic code execution, no credential handling, and no data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a visualization library for creating radar charts with SVG. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. It operates purely by DOM manipulation and mathematical computations for graphics. The overall security risk is negligible, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}