{
  "purpose": "The code defines functions and classes for creating SVG-based radar charts with customizable options, including shape drawing, axes, labels, and scales. It provides a library for rendering interactive or static visualizations in web environments.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters such as 'dataset' and 'axes'. It also reads attributes from data objects like 'class', 'fill', 'stroke', and shape parameters. DOM APIs are used to create SVG elements. No external data sources or environment variables are accessed.",
  "sinks": "SVG element creation and attribute setting functions ('createSVGElement') that output DOM elements. Data values are transformed into coordinate points for rendering shapes. No sinks involve untrusted data leading to system effects outside DOM manipulation.",
  "flows": "Data from input objects (dataset, axes) flows into shape and SVG element creation functions. Data values influence the SVG shape path ('d' attribute), labels, axes, and scales. The functions process data and generate visual elements without executing or injecting code.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior detected. The code includes only standard mathematical and DOM manipulation functions. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network connections are present. The code does not contain obfuscation or dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The code is a visualization library for rendering radar charts using SVG. It primarily uses mathematical functions for coordinate calculations and DOM APIs to create SVG elements. The functions are well-structured, with clear data flow from inputs to visual outputs. No data leaks, external network access, or malicious payloads are present. The code appears to be open-source visualization code with no signs of malicious intent. The functions do not perform any file or environment operations that could be malicious. The code is not minified or obfuscated, and it contains no hidden or suspicious code segments.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured JavaScript library for generating SVG radar charts. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code simply transforms data into visual representations and interacts only with DOM APIs. No malicious or sabotage elements are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}