{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for date formatting, card data processing, combination generation, and basic array calculations used in a larger application, likely related to Hearthstone or a card game system.",
  "sources": "Reads data from input parameters such as card IDs, card collections, and arrays. Uses external module '@firestone-hs/aws-lambda-utils' for logging.",
  "sinks": "None of the functions directly write to external systems or perform network operations. No evident data leaks or unsafe data handling observed.",
  "flows": "Input data (card IDs, arrays) flows through functions to produce formatted dates, normalized IDs, combinations, maximum, average, and rounded values. No external data outputs or system interactions evident.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic detected. The code contains a standard combination generator with debug logging; the logging could be used maliciously if logs are misused, but in context, it's standard debugging.",
  "analysis": "The code implements utility functions with clear purposes: date formatting, card ID normalization, combination generation, and basic array operations. The normalizeHeroCardId function adjusts IDs based on card properties and patterns, which appears legitimate. The combine function generates combinations with duplicate detection and logging, which is typical for debugging. Usage of external logger is standard. No network calls, data exfiltration, or suspicious operations detected. Overall, the code appears safe and intended for application logic support without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of utility functions for data processing with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs data formatting, normalization, and calculations relevant to a card game context. No malicious logic, backdoors, or suspicious network activity observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}