{
  "purpose": "The code is a React component designed to display and interact with PDF documents, including features like zoom, pagination, drawing on a canvas, and loading PDFs via a worker.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from props such as 'path', 'WORKERSRC', and user interactions (mouse events, button clicks). It also accesses DOM elements via refs, such as 'modalref', 'prettyscrollref', and 'canvasRef'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests (though none are explicitly made in this code), DOM manipulations, and potentially untrusted user inputs via drawing interactions or URL parameters (e.g., 'path', 'WORKERSRC'). However, no direct data leak, network communication, or code execution appears to be triggered by this code.",
  "flows": "Input data like 'path' and 'WORKERSRC' influence the source for PDF loading and worker source URL. User interactions such as mouse events and button presses influence the internal state (e.g., page number, zoom). The drawing actions on the canvas can modify the canvas context but do not affect external systems. The code flows from data sources through rendering and user interactions to the display or state updates.",
  "anomalies": "The code sets 'pdfjs.GlobalWorkerOptions.workerSrc' to an external URL ('https://cdn.bnr.co.kr/externel_modules/react-pdf/5.7.2/pdf.worker.min.js') without validation, which could be manipulated to serve malicious scripts if the CDN is compromised. There are several commented-out console logs and alternative 'workerSrc' URLs, indicating uncertainty or potential misconfiguration. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious logic are present. No evidence of obfuscation or hidden malicious code is found.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component focused on displaying PDFs with interactive features, relying on external worker scripts loaded from a CDN. The worker source URL is set to an external domain, which could be a risk if that domain is compromised. User interactions such as drawing and scrolling are handled locally and do not send data externally. No network requests, data exfiltration, or code injection mechanisms are present. The code does not include any obfuscated or malicious payloads. The use of 'path' and 'WORKERSRC' props could be manipulated if external input is untrusted, but no direct malicious behavior is observed. Overall, the code appears to be a standard React component with a potential security concern related to external worker source URL.\n\nConclusion: The primary security concern is the external CDN URL for the PDF worker script. If compromised, it could serve malicious code. Otherwise, no malicious intent or suspicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React PDF viewer with interactive drawing features. It loads the PDF worker script from an external CDN without validation, posing a potential supply chain risk. No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present within the code itself. The overall security risk is low, with the main concern being the external worker script URL.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 5
}