{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React component for viewing and interacting with PDF documents, including drawing and scroll interactions, as part of a PDF modal viewer.",
  "sources": "Reads the 'path', 'WORKERSRC', and various callback functions from props; accesses DOM elements via refs; reads PDF page dimensions from the PDF rendering process.",
  "sinks": "Uses the 'react-pdf' library for rendering PDFs; modifies global 'pdfjs' worker source; interacts with DOM via refs; handles drawing on canvas; calls callback functions for various events.",
  "flows": "Loads PDF from 'path', rendering via 'react-pdf'. When loaded, extracts page count and dimensions. User interactions (scrolling, drawing) are captured and passed to callbacks. Canvas drawing data is stored in ref-based memory for re-rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs detected. The code dynamically sets the PDF worker source to an external CDN, which is standard for 'react-pdf'. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution present. Use of external URL for worker source could be a concern if untrusted but is common practice.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes PDF rendering, manages page navigation, and handles user drawing interactions. It dynamically sets the PDF worker source URL to an external CDN, which is standard for 'react-pdf'. No suspicious data leaks, network connections to malicious domains, or hidden backdoors are present. Callback functions are used for event handling, typical in React. Canvas drawing functions involve coordinate corrections but do not perform any malicious actions. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malware signatures are found. External resource URLs are from CDN domains, which are typical for open-source packages. Overall, the code appears to be a standard React PDF viewer component with interactive features, with no malicious behavior or sabotage evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a React-based PDF viewer with drawing capabilities. It properly manages PDF loading, rendering, and user interactions. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. External URLs are used responsibly for PDF worker scripts, typical in such applications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}