{
  "purpose": "A utility library for building regular expressions in a semantic and simplified manner, providing methods for composing regex patterns programmatically.",
  "sources": "Function definitions (regexpEscape, regexpClassEscape, etc.), utility methods for range and pattern generation, and the Regulate class methods that append to an internal regex string.",
  "sinks": "The final regex string stored in _output, which can be converted to a RegExp object; no external data sinks are directly used for malicious purposes.",
  "flows": "Input data (strings, numbers, ranges) flows through methods like string(), range(), group(), etc., and is appended to the _output string, which is then used to generate regex objects.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious external calls. The code is primarily utility functions for regex building. The methods perform expected string manipulations and pattern constructions. No network activity or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward regex builder utility with functions for escaping characters, handling ranges, and assembling regex components. It contains internal helper functions for range breaking and regex optimization, but these are standard for regex generation. The public API provides a chainable interface for constructing regex patterns. No data leaks, external data collection, or malicious side effects are evident. The code does not perform any network requests, file operations, or environment variable access that could indicate malicious intent. Overall, it is a benign utility library intended for regex pattern construction.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign regex building library with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs pattern construction functions only and does not include any hidden or malicious features. The presence of utility functions and a chainable API is consistent with safe pattern generation. No security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}