{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to generate untextured 3D models by interacting with an external API using a text prompt and returning a URL to the generated model file.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'prompt' parameter and options object. It also reads from external URLs via fetch calls to the API base URL, and processes the response data.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs and returns a URL pointing to a model file based on the API response. It could potentially leak information if the URL contains sensitive data, though unlikely here.",
  "flows": "Input prompt and options are sent to the external API; the response provides an event ID; after a delay, the code fetches result data; it parses the response to extract a file path; constructs a URL to the model file.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No suspicious or unusual code patterns. The delay (sleep) for 12 seconds could be considered inefficient but not malicious. The code parses SSE-like responses, but this is consistent with expected behavior. No evidence of obfuscated code or backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The script interacts with an external API to generate 3D models based on prompts, using standard fetch POST and GET requests. It handles errors appropriately and parses response data to obtain a file URL. No suspicious or malicious patterns are evident; the logic is straightforward and appears intended solely for model generation. No hardcoded secrets, no data exfiltration mechanisms, or malicious actions are present. The use of a fixed timeout is inefficient but not malicious. The process of fetching and parsing responses is consistent with normal API interactions.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard implementation for generating 3D models via an external API. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data leaks. It functions as intended for model generation without suspicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}