{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to generate untextured 3D models based on text prompts by interacting with a remote API, handling asynchronous requests, and returning a download URL.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the function parameter 'prompt' and 'options'. It also reads responses from fetch API calls, specifically from the API endpoint responses and response bodies.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs a generated URL (`modelUrl`) for downloading the 3D model. It also logs errors to the console, which could leak information in some contexts.",
  "flows": "Input prompt and options are sent via POST request to an API, which returns an event ID. The code waits, then fetches the result via GET request, parses the response to extract a file path, and constructs a download URL, which is returned.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code uses a fixed API URL, but this is typical for such services. There is a fixed timeout of 12 seconds before fetching the result, which could be considered an unusual approach but not malicious. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution detected. The parsing of the response for 'event: complete' and 'data' is straightforward but assumes specific response format.",
  "analysis": "The code interacts with an external API for model generation, handles asynchronous operations, and processes JSON and text responses carefully. There are no signs of malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, suspicious network activity beyond the API interactions, or backdoors. Error handling is present, with error messages logged and thrown, which is standard. The fixed delay could potentially be exploited to cause delays but is not inherently malicious. No suspicious patterns or anomalies detected in the code structure or logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs legitimate API interactions to generate 3D models from prompts. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or malware indicators. It appears to be a standard implementation for such functionality, with no evident security risks beyond typical network operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}