{
  "purpose": "A JavaScript SDK for controlling Spotify playback remotely, fetching tokens via JSONP, and constructing control URLs dynamically.",
  "sources": "External domains for token fetch ('https://open.spotify.com/token', 'https://jsonp.afeld.me'), and control commands ('spotilocal.com', 'tpcaahshvs.spotilocal.com', 'kcifscozyq.spotilocal.com').",
  "sinks": "AJAX GET requests to constructed URLs for status, play, pause, and version; external token fetch via JSONP.",
  "flows": "Source: external token fetch and control URL templates -> URL construction with data -> AJAX requests to control Spotify playback.",
  "anomalies": "Use of suspicious external subdomains ('spotilocal.com', 'tpcaahshvs.spotilocal.com', 'kcifscozyq.spotilocal.com') and reliance on JSONP proxy ('afeld.me') for token retrieval. No obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a control interface for Spotify, utilizing external endpoints for token acquisition and remote commands. It employs JSONP for cross-origin requests, which can be exploited if the external services are malicious. The external domains used are non-standard and suspicious, raising concerns about potential malicious control or data exfiltration. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The use of dynamic URL templates and AJAX requests is standard, but the external dependencies are the primary security concern. The malware score is set to 0, consistent with the absence of malicious payloads. The risk score is moderate (around 0.3), justified by reliance on external, suspicious domains that could be compromised or malicious. The code itself appears benign, functioning as a remote control wrapper, but external trustworthiness should be verified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate-looking remote control interface for Spotify, with external dependencies that are suspicious but not confirmed malicious. The scores assigned are appropriate; malware is unlikely, obfuscation is absent, and moderate risk stems from external domain reliance. Verification of external domain legitimacy is recommended to mitigate potential exploitation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}