{
  "purpose": "The code is a Grunt configuration script for automating build, test, and server tasks for a JavaScript project, including compiling source code, running tests, and serving files over HTTP.",
  "sources": "Require statements for './lib/the-party', process.cwd(), process.chdir(), and fs.readFileSync() calls, as well as configuration options and task definitions that read files and environment variables.",
  "sinks": "HTTP server response (res.end), file reads via fs.readFileSync(), and console.error(), which could potentially leak data or be misused if combined with untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Input from file system reads (e.g., src files, HTML, JS, source maps), configuration options, and environment variables flow into compilation functions and HTTP responses, which serve or process files. No untrusted data flows directly into security-sensitive sinks without validation.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets are evident. The code uses standard task automation methods, and there are no indications of obfuscated or malicious payloads. The dynamic require statements are typical for plugin loading.",
  "analysis": "The script loads tasks and configurations for building, testing, and serving files. It reads project files and source maps, and sets up an HTTP server to serve static files. The server code uses a request handler that responds with pre-read files, including source maps and JS files. All file reads are from local files, and no data is collected or sent externally. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious network activity is detected. The require('./lib/the-party') module is used for compilation tasks, which appears to be part of the build process. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malicious code are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build and test automation script with server capabilities. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are identified. The code appears safe and typical for such build systems.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}