{
  "purpose": "Dynamically loads parser modules from a directory, instantiates parsers based on model names and IDs, and processes accessory data.",
  "sources": "Filesystem directory './../parser/' via fs.readdir, module files requiring require(), JSON input properties 'model' and 'sid'.",
  "sinks": "require() calls on files in the parser directory, potentially executing malicious modules if present.",
  "flows": "Readdir retrieves file list -> require() loads modules -> parser instantiated and used in methods like getCreateAccessories, parserAccessories, getAccessoriesUUID.",
  "anomalies": "No validation or sandboxing of dynamically required modules; reliance on external directory integrity; no input validation on JSON properties.",
  "analysis": "The code loads modules dynamically from a directory without validation, which can lead to execution of malicious code if an attacker places malicious modules in the directory. No malicious code or obfuscation is embedded within the code itself. The main risk is supply chain attack via compromised parser modules. The malware score remains 0, as no malicious behavior is present within the code. The obfuscated score is 0, indicating clear code. The security risk score should be around 0.6-0.75, reflecting the inherent danger of executing untrusted modules without validation. The risk is external, not due to embedded malware, but due to the trust placed in external modules. To mitigate this, validation, sandboxing, and directory security are recommended.",
  "conclusion": "The code itself is benign but poses a significant supply chain risk because it loads external modules without validation. If malicious modules are introduced into the parser directory, they could execute arbitrary code. No embedded malware or obfuscation is present. The main concern is external module integrity, and the overall security risk is moderate to high. Malware and obfuscated scores are 0, while the risk score should be approximately 0.6-0.75.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.7,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}