{
  "purpose": "The code implements a client for making cached queries and mutations to a backend API, handling cookies, cache invalidation, and object storage.",
  "sources": "Reads data from API responses (res.headers['set-cookie'], res.data), input parameters for query and mutation methods, environment variables (though not directly used here), and cache keys generated from input objects.",
  "sinks": "Uses axios to send HTTP POST requests, potentially sending or receiving sensitive data. Stores cookies from responses. Calls to matchPath for cache invalidation are safe. No direct system commands or file access.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from method parameters to cache key generation, cache lookup, and network requests. Responses flow from axios to cookie storage, cache update, and output data.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors are observed. Cache management is standard. No unusual code or misleading variable names. No obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard API client with caching and invalidation logic. It reads data from API responses, including cookies, and caches data accordingly. The _checkCookie method captures 'set-cookie' headers, which is typical. All network interactions happen through axios, and no suspicious external domains or system modifications are present. The cache mechanisms and data flow follow common patterns. No hardcoded secrets, malicious payloads, or malware behaviors are evident. The only concern is the potential exposure of cookies or sensitive data via cache or network requests, but this is typical for such clients and depends on backend security.\n\nOverall, the code appears benign, with no malicious intent or behavior. The design is consistent with typical API clients, and no suspicious anomalies are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard JavaScript API client with caching features. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks beyond normal operation. The implementation appears safe, with no signs of sabotage or privacy violations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}