{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript client class for interacting with an API, managing caching, and performing CRUD operations.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input parameters, environment variables (via 'props'), and HTTP response headers. The main source of external input is the axios response for cookies and data, and user-provided options for API calls.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to internal caches (queryCache, objectCache), modifies cookies via 'setCookie', and performs network requests with axios. It also throws errors for failed assertions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs and external responses into internal caches and network requests. Cache keys are generated from input parameters, and responses are stored back into caches. Cookies may be set from response headers.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs no obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or suspicious variable manipulations. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code patterns are evident. Cache management and cookie handling are standard. No hidden backdoors or unusual behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The class manages API interactions with caching mechanisms, cache invalidation, and data hydration. It performs standard HTTP requests with axios, uses cache keys generated from input parameters, and updates internal state accordingly. No malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or reverse shell activity is present. The code does handle cookies via headers, but this is typical for session management. The assertions prevent invalid data processing, and the methods follow common patterns for such clients.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a typical API client with caching and state management, with no signs of malicious intent or malware. Its behavior is consistent with standard client-side API handling. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}