{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive set of statistical, mathematical, and data manipulation functions for data analysis, including matrix operations, statistical distributions, regression, eigenvalue decomposition, and data grouping. It is designed for use in data science and statistical modeling within JavaScript environments.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters, object properties (such as 'row', 'col', or 'data'), and user-defined functions. External dependencies are not explicitly imported; the code relies solely on core JavaScript and built-in Math functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that generate output such as 'console.log', DOM manipulation (creating and appending DOM elements), and returning complex objects. There are no evident network operations, file system access, or execution of external commands within this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input data through functions like 'apply', 'map', 'filter', and 'reduce', which process and transform data internally. Functions like 'log' generate visual or textual output for debugging or reporting but do not send data externally. No explicit data exfiltration or external communication is observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive mathematical and statistical functions with complex control flows. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or intentionally malicious constructs are present. All functions seem aimed at data processing. No suspicious code patterns, such as dynamic code execution (e.g., eval), obfuscation, or hidden network activity, are evident. The 'pseudoInverse' and matrix operations are sophisticated but normal for such libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code offers a large library of functions for statistical analysis, matrix algebra, eigenvalue decomposition, and data grouping, with well-documented utility methods. It uses standard JavaScript features, with no signs of obfuscation, code injection, or malicious logic. Functions like 'log' and DOM manipulation are standard for reporting purposes. No evidence of malicious intent, such as data theft, network activity, or system sabotage, is found. The complex mathematical computations are typical for a scientific library. Some functions generate output via console or DOM, which could potentially be misused if integrated improperly, but in isolation, they are benign. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, sophisticated data analysis toolkit with no malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript library provides statistical, matrix, and data manipulation functionalities without any indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It operates solely within data processing and reporting, with no external communication, credential handling, or system access beyond standard JavaScript capabilities. It appears to be a legitimate scientific/data analysis module with low malware and security risk scores.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}