{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive suite of statistical, mathematical, and data manipulation functions and classes for data analysis, including matrix operations, statistical distributions, regression, clustering, and dimensionality reduction. It is designed to facilitate data science workflows.",
  "sources": "The code reads data inputs primarily through function parameters, such as data arrays and matrices, and via class constructors (matrix, dataset, grouping). It also reads configuration options and callback functions (e.g., for transformation or filtering). No external input sources are directly included within the code itself.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include console.log statements for debugging or output, DOM manipulation for displaying tables and logs, and data transformations that could be misused to leak information if user-controlled data is processed maliciously. No direct network, file system, or environment variable access is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through various transformation, analysis, and aggregation functions. Input data is standardized, manipulated via matrices or datasets, and the results are output via console logs or DOM elements. No evident flow involves untrusted external sources reaching sensitive sinks such as network or environment variables.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns indicative of malicious sabotage. The code employs extensive mathematical functions and data classes in a standard manner. There are no suspicious network calls, file access, or hidden obfuscated code segments. Functionality appears to be fully transparent, with extensive comments and standard logic. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a broad set of mathematical and statistical utilities, including matrix operations, probability distributions, eigenvalue computations, regression, and data manipulation. It employs standard JavaScript features, with no signs of malicious obfuscation or dynamic code execution beyond the use of Function constructors which are common in parser functions. The usage of Function constructors for parsing lambdas is typical and does not imply malicious intent. No network operations, system calls, or environment variable access are present. The logging and DOM manipulation functions are typical for visualization purposes. The code appears to be designed for data analysis with no embedded malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive data analysis library containing standard mathematical, statistical, and data manipulation functions. It does not contain malicious behaviors, sabotage, or security risks. Its design is transparent, with no hidden network activity, credential handling, or sabotage mechanisms. The extensive use of mathematical functions and DOM interactions is consistent with data analysis and visualization tools. Overall, it poses no security threats or malware risks based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}