{
  "purpose": "This source code provides a comprehensive JavaScript library for statistical analysis, matrix operations, data handling, and mathematical computations, mainly aimed at data science and analytics tasks.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from user-supplied datasets, matrices, and functions for processing, including input parameters for regressions, transformations, and analysis functions.",
  "sinks": "The code generates outputs such as logs, table strings, and JSON strings; it uses console.log and DOM manipulation (document.createElement, document.querySelector) for displaying data; there are no direct network transmissions, file operations, or system modifications.",
  "flows": "User inputs (datasets, matrices, functions) flow into various processing functions, which perform statistical calculations, matrix transformations, and data grouping. Results are output via logs or DOM elements. No untrusted data flows directly into system commands or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No signs of hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code contains extensive statistical and matrix functionalities, but no obfuscated code or unusual language features. No functions attempt to access environment variables or system info. Some functions use Math.random without seeding, which is expected in statistical functions. No hidden network calls or data exfiltration points are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a large, structured library implementing various statistical and matrix algorithms, including eigenvalues, SVD, regression, correlation, and data grouping. It includes multiple utility functions, a matrix class with advanced operations, and data processing modules. The logic is straightforward, and there are no indications of malicious intent such as code injection, system modification, or unauthorized data access. Functions related to randomness are used purely for statistical purposes. DOM manipulations are limited to display purposes, and network calls are absent. No signs of sabotage or stealth mechanisms are detected. The code is extensive but appears to be a legitimate open-source data analysis library.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a comprehensive statistical and matrix computation library with no signs of malicious behavior. It primarily performs data processing, analysis, and visualization functions. Its structure and content do not indicate any supply chain attack vectors or sabotage mechanisms. Therefore, it can be considered safe based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}