{
  "purpose": "Review open source JavaScript dependency for malicious behavior, sabotage, obfuscation, and security risks. Confirm code flow, signals, and potential vulnerabilities, then assign malware, obfuscation, and security risk scores accordingly.",
  "sources": "Function constructors for parsing lambdas, data input via functions, DOM manipulation in logging functions, internal data flow, no external network or environment variable access.",
  "sinks": "Console logs and DOM updates for visualization/reporting; no external network or file system access detected.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through functions, parsed lambdas, and internal computations; visualization functions generate DOM elements and logs; no external data exfiltration or network calls.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'new Function' for parsing user-defined lambdas could be risky if untrusted input is used directly, but in this context, it is controlled and typical for such libraries. No obfuscation or hidden code segments detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive open-source data analysis library with classes and functions for matrices, datasets, statistical distributions, regression, eigenvalues, SVD, clustering, and visualization. No malicious code, sabotage, or backdoors are evident. The use of 'new Function' is standard for parsing lambdas, not malicious. DOM manipulations are limited to visualization and logging, typical in such libraries. No external network activity or environment variable access is detected. The code is transparent, well-commented, and employs standard practices. No signs of obfuscation or hidden behaviors are present. The overall structure and signals indicate a legitimate scientific library.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, transparent, and extensive scientific data analysis library with no malicious activity, sabotage, or obfuscation. The use of dynamic Function constructors and DOM manipulations are standard in visualization tools and do not indicate malicious intent. The assigned scores (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: 0.2) are appropriate; a conservative risk score of 0.1-0.2 is justified given the context. Overall, the code is safe and suitable for use in trusted environments.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}