{
  "purpose": "This source code provides a comprehensive JavaScript library for statistical data analysis, matrix operations, regression, eigenvalues, data manipulation, and utilities for scientific computations, designed to facilitate advanced data science tasks.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from functions, parameters, and object properties within methods such as 'apply', 'filter', 'group', and 'merge'. Uses data passed into constructors and functions like 'regress', 'dimReduce', and 'covMatrix'. Reads configuration options and parameters from user inputs.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include console logs and DOM manipulations for displaying tables and graphs; uses 'console.log', 'document.createElement', and appends to DOM elements. No data is sent over network or external connections. No dangerous system commands or file system access is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input datasets through transformations, statistical calculations, and matrix operations within functions like 'regress', 'dimReduce', 'eigen', and 'matrix' methods. Results are often logged or appended to DOM elements for display. No external network or system command flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behaviors detected. All functions and classes perform standard statistical or data manipulation operations. There are no hardcoded credentials, hidden code, or obfuscated segments. Commented references indicate typical mathematical formulas and algorithms.",
  "analysis": "The code is a large, feature-rich library implementing matrix algebra, statistical functions (regression, eigenvalues, correlation), data grouping, transformation, and utility functions. It includes mathematical functions like gamma, beta, incGamma, and numerical methods for inverse functions. The implementation appears to be straightforward and consistent with scientific computing practices. No code attempts to access the system environment, send data over networks, or perform malicious actions. Functions related to DOM manipulation only serve visualization purposes and are controlled by explicit calls. The code is not minified or obfuscated, and uses standard language features. No signs of sabotage, backdoors, or data exfiltration are found.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed JavaScript code is a well-structured, open-source statistical and matrix computation library with no evident malicious intent or security risks. It performs typical data analysis tasks and visualizations without any suspicious behaviors or security vulnerabilities. The code adheres to standard practices and does not contain hidden malicious functions or external communications.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}