{
  "purpose": "The code initializes and configures an environment for a WebAssembly-based application, handling different runtime environments (web, Node.js, shell) and setting up file system, threading, WebGL, and system calls.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables, process arguments, script source URLs, and filesystem data; accesses system information via environment detection functions; reads binary WebAssembly module from 'libffmpeg.wasm'; reads and writes to memory and filesystem structures.",
  "sinks": "Potentially writes to system memory, interacts with filesystem (read/write files), and calls imported system functions (e.g., malloc, free, filesystem ops). No direct network or system data leaks are evident; no command execution or code injection points are identified.",
  "flows": "Environment detection sources determine runtime environment; filesystem data is read via fs.readFileSync; WebAssembly module is fetched and instantiated asynchronously; system calls and filesystem operations flow through function wrappers; threading functions manage thread lifecycle, potentially receiving data transfer objects.",
  "anomalies": "The code is largely environment setup and runtime glue code typical for Emscripten-generated WebAssembly modules. It contains extensive environment detection and system call wrappers but does not include any hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution is present. No malicious network activity or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive Emscripten runtime setup for a WebAssembly application, handling environment detection, memory management, filesystem, threading, and WebGL context creation. It reads environment variables, process arguments, and module parameters, and defines system call wrappers for file and system operations. It also manages thread creation and synchronization. The code does not include any suspicious or malicious logic such as network data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious code injection. Its purpose is to set up a complex runtime environment. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code appears to be standard boilerplate generated for a cross-platform WebAssembly application with multithreading and filesystem support.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is an environment and runtime setup for a WebAssembly module generated by Emscripten, with extensive environment detection, system call wrappers, filesystem, threading, and WebGL initialization. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. Its purpose is to facilitate a complex, multi-environment runtime for a WebAssembly application, with no evidence of malware or supply chain attacks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}