{
  "purpose": "This code provides a logging middleware for a Koa.js application using Winston, allowing customizable request and response data serialization and structured logging.",
  "sources": "Data is read from 'ctx.request' and 'ctx.response', as well as from internal variables such as 'meta' and function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Logs are sent to Winston transports, which may output to console or other destinations; no direct data leakage or external network calls are evident within this code.",
  "flows": "Input data from HTTP request/response flows into serialization functions, then into Winston logger calls based on dynamically determined log levels.",
  "anomalies": "The code predominantly performs standard logging tasks; no obfuscated code, suspicious dynamic code execution, or hidden behaviors are present. The 'clone' function creates deep copies but does not perform any malicious activity. No hardcoded secrets or credential leaks are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for object cloning and selective data recording ('keysRecorder') to sanitize logs. It constructs serializers for request and response objects to exclude sensitive fields. The 'getLogLevel' function assigns log severity based on HTTP status codes. The main 'logger' middleware creates a Winston logger with customizable transports, serializes incoming request data, and attaches a logging function that captures request duration and response status. The code uses 'on-finished' to ensure logs are written after the response completes. No network communications, code injection, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code adheres to typical logging practices without suspicious modifications.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard logging middleware implementation with data serialization and structured logging. It does not contain malware, malicious behaviors, or security vulnerabilities. Its design appears intended for operational logging and debugging. No malicious signals or anomalies are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}