{
  "purpose": "The script is a command-line tool designed to perform performance tests on a specified URL, gathering metrics and presenting results in various formats.",
  "sources": "The code reads user input parameters (URL, options), configuration presets, and command-line flags; it also loads external modules and dependencies.",
  "sinks": "Output functions such as console.log and printOutput methods; network requests initiated via the 'teti' function; dynamic requires of runner modules; usage of external dependencies.",
  "flows": "User input → URL and flags → module imports and configuration → teti execution (which likely performs network requests and data collection) → results processed and output displayed.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behaviors, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors observed. External dependencies are standard for CLI tools. No suspicious network activity or data leaks are visible in this code snippet.",
  "analysis": "The code acts as a performance testing CLI, leveraging external modules for user interaction, progress indication, and output formatting. It dynamically loads runner modules based on user input but does not perform any suspicious or malicious actions itself. There are no signs of malware such as data exfiltration, system modification, or malicious network activity. The external dependencies are typical for such tools and do not pose an evident security risk. The script responsibly handles user input, provides flexible output formats, and includes error handling. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate performance testing utility without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard performance testing CLI utility with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It safely reads input, executes tests, and displays results. All external modules seem appropriate for its purpose. No malicious patterns or data leaks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}