{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a test suite for a function that extracts numeric parts from input strings or values.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from function arguments passed to strGetNum, including strings, numbers, and potentially undefined or empty inputs.",
  "sinks": "The code itself does not contain external sinks such as network requests, file writes, or data leaks. The function's internal implementation (imported as '../dist/index.min') may process inputs, but from this code, no unsafe operations are visible.",
  "flows": "Input data (via function arguments) flows into the strGetNum function, which processes and returns numeric strings. No external sinks or side effects are shown.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes a minified dependency (index.min), which could potentially be obfuscated, but the test code itself is straightforward. There are no signs of malicious code such as hidden network calls, code injection, or backdoors within this snippet.",
  "analysis": "This is a standard test suite verifying the behavior of a numeric extraction function. The tests cover various input scenarios including strings with numeric and non-numeric characters, negative signs, decimal points, and edge cases like empty or whitespace inputs. The source code under test is imported from a minified file, which could potentially contain obfuscated code; however, the test code itself is simple and does not exhibit malicious intent. There are no external data leaks, network operations, or security-sensitive actions in this snippet. The only concern is the reliance on a minified external module, which could be obfuscated or malicious, but this cannot be confirmed from the test code alone.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the provided code, there is no direct evidence of malicious behavior or security risks within this test suite. The code primarily verifies the functionality of a numeric extraction utility. The main risk stems from the imported minified module, which is not analyzed here. Overall, the code appears benign, but caution should be exercised if the external dependency is untrusted.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}