{
  "purpose": "This module is a PostCSS plugin that converts pixel units (px) to viewport-based units (vw, vmin) for responsive design adjustments within CSS files.",
  "sources": "Reads CSS rule selectors, declarations (property and value), comments, and file path info from source.input.file.",
  "sinks": "Modifies declaration values, inserts new media rules, and handles comments for ignoring conversions. Uses user-defined options for inclusion/exclusion, which influence processing flow.",
  "flows": "Source inputs (selectors, declarations, comments) are checked for conditions and matching patterns. Pixel values are replaced with viewport units based on parameters, potentially affecting output CSS and media rules.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors detected. No suspicious network activity, file manipulation, or data exfiltration observed. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution. No malicious code snippets like reverse shells or data theft found. The code performs typical CSS processing tasks with configurable options.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard PostCSS plugin for unit conversion, with checks for include/exclude patterns, selector blacklisting, and handling of comments to ignore conversions. It generates landscape-specific rules if enabled. No indications of malicious intent or malicious behavior are present. The plugin's functions handle CSS AST nodes securely, with no unsafe code execution, network activity, or secret management. The use of user-supplied options is managed carefully to prevent injection or misbehavior. The overall structure and flow align with normal CSS processing plugins.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate PostCSS plugin for converting pixel units to viewport units with configurable options. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided source. It performs expected CSS transformations safely, with no signs of malware or security vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}