{
  "purpose": "This code performs sentiment analysis on sentences using a predefined AFINN word list, calculating a scaled sentiment score based on the presence and intensity of words within the input sentence.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the parameter 'sentence' passed to the analyseSentence function. It also reads environment variables, specifically NODE_ENV, to determine testing mode.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the 'analyseSentence' function, which processes input data and produces a numerical sentiment score. No data leaks or external outputs are directly present.",
  "flows": "Input sentence is sanitized and tokenized into words (source). These words are checked against the afinnWordList (source) for sentiment scores (sink). The scores are aggregated and scaled (sink) to produce the final sentiment score.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are detected. The JSON string containing the word list appears to be a static data structure, not dynamically fetched or influenced by external sources. The environment variable check is standard for testing modes. There is no obfuscation, code injection, or data exfiltration mechanisms.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a static JSON string with sentiment scores for words. It includes functions for checking if a word exists in the list, retrieving its score, processing sentences to extract words, removing duplicates, and scaling scores. The process is straightforward and limited to sentiment analysis without external network calls or system modifications. The environment variable condition alters the export structure for testing, but does not introduce malicious behavior. Overall, the code performs a benign function—sentiment scoring—without malicious signals or behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a sentiment analysis module using a static word list, with no evidence of malicious intent, data leakage, or sabotage. It operates solely within its defined scope, and no suspicious or harmful behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}