{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Chi-Square Goodness-of-Fit statistical test for a sequence of PRNs (pseudo-random numbers). It evaluates the randomness of PRNs against expected uniform distribution within a specified confidence interval.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from the PRNs array (user-provided sequence of numbers). Uses confidenceInterval and k parameters as input controls.",
  "sinks": "Performs calculations based on input data; returns an array with a test result, chi-square threshold, and observed chi-square value. No external data output, network requests, or file operations.",
  "flows": "Input PRNs -> Binning into table -> Calculating observed frequencies -> Computing chi-square statistic -> Comparing to threshold from lookup table -> Returning result.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors detected. The code is straightforward statistical analysis without obfuscated patterns. No suspicious code, network activity, or hidden functions. No dynamic code execution or unusual variable usage.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard statistical calculations with clear logic. It validates parameters, bins the input PRNs into buckets, computes the chi-square statistic, and compares it against a threshold table. All operations are mathematical and related to statistical testing. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system commands, or hidden code. The code is clean, understandable, and performs legitimate statistical analysis. The only minor point is that the code uses 'Math.floor' and array manipulations but nothing abnormal or suspicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a chi-square goodness-of-fit test. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It does not process untrusted external data beyond standard input validation and performs expected calculations. No malware or malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}