{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of functions and utilities to animate DOM elements with various easing functions and transformation parameters, enabling customizable animations for web pages.",
  "sources": "Input data from function parameters (e.g., 'params'), DOM element styles, and query selectors for targeting elements.",
  "sinks": "CSS style modifications and attribute setting on DOM elements, primarily for visual animation purposes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-defined parameters through functions that generate animation instances, which are then applied to DOM elements via style or attribute updates during animation frames.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors detected. The code relies on standard easing functions and DOM APIs. No suspicious network requests, data leaks, or external malicious behaviors are evident. The code disables ESLint rules redundantly but does not affect security. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present. Functionality is typical for animation libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple utility functions for handling CSS transformations, easing equations, and animation management. It creates animation instances for target DOM elements, applies initial states, and updates styles during animation frames with requestAnimationFrame, optionally using IntersectionObserver for viewport visibility. The only external interactions are DOM style and attribute modifications, which are standard for animations. No network calls, data exfiltration, or system modifications are present. The code is well-structured, with no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware. The presence of 'play' function and its export is typical for a JavaScript animation library.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard JavaScript animation utility with no detectable malicious behavior. It performs DOM style updates for animation effects without any suspicious network activity, data theft, or sabotage. The code appears to be a legitimate animation library with a focus on easing functions and transform manipulations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}