{
  "purpose": "The code provides a JavaScript library for drawing heatmaps on Canvas elements and a Leaflet plugin for rendering heatmaps on maps.",
  "sources": "Data inputs are the data arrays for heatmap points (_data), map lat/lng points (_latlngs), and configuration options (_options). It reads element properties, creates DOM elements, and accesses the document object model.",
  "sinks": "Rendering functions draw images on Canvas elements, which could potentially be manipulated to alter visual output. No network or system modification is directly evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-provided heatmap data and geographic coordinates through the heatmap rendering functions to drawing on Canvas elements, with optional gradient and radius settings. No external or untrusted data flows outside standard rendering processes.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains some suspicious Shadow DOM-like shadowBlur settings with large offsets (shadowOffsetX=200, shadowOffsetY=200) and some unusual shadow properties that do not seem essential to heatmap rendering. There is minimal obfuscation; variable names are clear and the code structure is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code implements heatmap rendering functionalities with Canvas and Leaflet integrations. It uses standard DOM methods and Canvas API calls, with no indications of dynamic code execution, network requests, or data exfiltration. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The only notable oddity is the large shadowOffsetX and shadowOffsetY values, which are unnecessary for visual effects but do not introduce security risks. The code is open-source, well-documented, and lacks any obfuscated or malicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate open-source library for heatmap visualization with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It leverages standard APIs and follows conventional coding patterns. The slight oddity in shadow properties is benign and unrelated to security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}