{
  "purpose": "The code provides Angular components and services for scheduling functionalities, including creating, deleting, viewing, and updating schedules and slots, primarily for a calendar application.",
  "sources": "Data is read from API endpoints via POST and GET requests, primarily through the 'post' and 'get' methods of the 'dvs' (DvService) object, which is configured with injected API path and parameters. User inputs are obtained from form controls, especially date/time pickers and form fields.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent to the server through 'dvs.post' calls with constructed payloads including schedule IDs, slot data, and modifications. Outputs include event emitters emitting schedule and slot data. The code performs API requests with potential for data leakage if server responses are mishandled, but no explicit unsafe sinks like system commands or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from user input controls or component inputs, processed and formatted into API request payloads in 'dvOnEval' and 'dvOnExec' methods, then sent via 'post' or 'get' to server endpoints. Responses update component states and emit events. Data flows back into form controls or component properties for display.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. No obfuscated or minified code—code uses TypeScript/Angular constructs plainly. The only potentially unusual aspect is the use of confirm dialogs for slot deletion, which is standard UX. No backdoors or hidden code are detected. Use of 'window.setTimeout' for UI state toggling is normal.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Angular-based scheduling module with components managing schedule creation, deletion, display, and updates. It interacts with backend via API calls, manages form controls, and updates UI states accordingly. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are apparent, and no suspicious network activity or system modifications are performed. The code is well-structured, with clear data flow and no signs of malware. It relies on conventional Angular and RxJS practices, and all API interactions are contextually appropriate for schedule management.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate, with no signs of malicious intent or supply chain attack vectors. It functions as an Angular schedule management library, securely handling data via standard API calls without exposing secrets or executing harmful code. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}