{
  "purpose": "The code is a comprehensive test suite for serverless offline environments, validating routing, security features, response formatting, and error handling in a controlled local testing context.",
  "sources": "Request injections, static tokens, environment configurations, stage variables, headers, payloads, and function configurations within the test environment.",
  "sinks": "Local request-response cycle; no external network connections, data exfiltration, or external effects observed.",
  "flows": "Input data from request objects flows through authentication checks, route matching, response templating, and error handling within the local test environment.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of hardcoded static tokens ('valid-token') used solely for testing purposes; no malicious code, obfuscation, or backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured set of tests for serverless functions, covering route handling, authentication, response formatting, error scenarios, and payload integrity. No external network activity or malicious payloads are present. The static tokens are typical for testing and do not pose security risks. The malware score is 0, indicating no malicious intent. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. The security risk score is low (~0.1-0.2), justified by the use of static tokens in a test context, which is standard practice. All signals point to a benign, controlled testing environment with no security vulnerabilities or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, safe test suite for serverless offline environments. No malware, obfuscation, or malicious activity is detected. The static tokens used are typical for testing and do not constitute a security risk. The overall security assessment is that the code is safe, with minimal risk primarily due to test artifacts. Scores are consistent with the code's purpose and content.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}