{
  "purpose": "This code is a factory for creating an interface and connecting to a specific smart contract (TokenFeeDetector) using ethers.js. It facilitates interaction with the contract's functions, particularly for fee detection and validation in a blockchain context.",
  "sources": "The code reads static ABI data, imports 'ethers' library, and uses environment to create contract instances. No external input or untrusted data sources are directly read at runtime.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the creation of contract instances that could interact with blockchain networks. However, no malicious code, such as data exfiltration or network communication outside expected blockchain interactions, is present.",
  "flows": "The code flows from importing the 'ethers' library to defining ABI, then providing factory methods to create interfaces or connect to deployed contracts using specified addresses and signers/providers. No suspicious source-to-sink data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be auto-generated boilerplate with no signs of unusual behavior. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or dynamic code execution are present. The comment explicitly states it's auto-generated and should not be edited manually.",
  "analysis": "The code imports 'ethers', defines a static ABI for the TokenFeeDetector smart contract, and provides a factory class with methods to create an interface or connect to a deployed contract. The ABI includes typical functions for fee validation and uniswap interactions. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or malicious data handling. The structure is standard for contract factories. No external inputs or untrusted data sources are processed at runtime, and the code primarily facilitates interaction with a blockchain contract.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward auto-generated contract factory for interacting with a smart contract. It contains no malicious behavior or suspicious anomalies. The security risk is minimal, primarily because it is standard boilerplate code intended for blockchain interaction, with no evident malicious intent or malicious code segments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}