{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to parse files containing '#include' directives, recursively resolve included files, and replace include directives with file contents for GLSL shader files.",
  "sources": "Reads files from the filesystem via 'fs.readFile', 'path' for path resolution, and the initial 'args.path' provided to 'onLoad'.",
  "sinks": "File reading operations, especially the recursive calls to 'parse', which access potentially untrusted files; no other direct data sinks such as network or database operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input file path -> readFile -> parse -> resolve includes -> replace include directives with contents -> return processed source.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. The recursive include parsing could lead to excessive resource consumption if maliciously crafted files include cycles or large files. The code handles missing files gracefully by logging warnings but does not perform any validation or sandboxing.",
  "analysis": "The code reads files from the filesystem, searches for '#include' directives, and recursively processes included files, caching results to avoid repeated reads. It replaces include directives with the actual file contents. No network or other external data sources are involved. The recursive parsing and the handling of missing files are standard. The code does not perform any network operations, reverse shells, or data exfiltration. It does not contain obfuscated or malicious code. The potential risk lies in the recursive include mechanism which could be abused for resource exhaustion or include cycle attacks, but this is a typical pattern for include resolution and not inherently malicious. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard include resolver for GLSL shader files with no evidence of malicious intent. It performs file reading and content replacement securely, with appropriate handling of missing files. No malware, malicious behavior, or security risks are evident based on this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}