{
  "purpose": "This code provides functionality for cloning and manipulating DOM elements, including inlining images, cloning nodes, handling iframes, and processing styles, primarily for rendering or screenshot purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from DOM elements, their styles, CSS rules, image sources (src attributes), and document properties; fetches external stylesheets and font resources.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM elements (e.g., replacing images, cloning nodes), accesses style sheets and font data, and injects style elements into documents; fetches resources which could potentially be exploited if manipulated.",
  "flows": "Extracts data from DOM and CSS sources; fetches external resources; inlines images and fonts; clones nodes; manipulates iframes; injects styles; writes to cloned documents and inlines resource data.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code detected; appears intentionally structured for rendering purposes. Use of dynamic DOM manipulation and resource inlining is standard for screenshot libraries. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The resource loader and iframe cloning functions are complex but consistent with their purpose.",
  "analysis": "The code clones DOM nodes with style and resource inlining, handles iframe content, and manages styles and pseudo-elements. It fetches external stylesheets and fonts, converts images to data URLs, and creates pseudo-elements for rendering. The resource loading and iframe cloning functions appear legitimate, designed for capturing visual representations of pages. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or hidden backdoors. The code operates within the context of rendering or screenshot capturing, with standard resource fetches and DOM manipulations. Overall, it appears to be a non-malicious, purpose-built utility for rendering.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex utility for DOM cloning, style inlining, and iframe content capturing, typical for screenshot or rendering tools. There are no indicators of malicious intent or sabotage. It handles resource fetching and DOM manipulation securely within expected boundaries. Risk and malware scores are low, and confidence is high.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}