{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript class for the Binomial distribution, including properties for statistical measures and functions for probability calculations such as cdf, pmf, logpmf, mgf, and quantile.",
  "sources": "Inputs are the constructor parameters 'n' and 'p', and method arguments for functions like cdf, pmf, etc.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the functions that process input data for distribution calculations, but they are standard statistical functions from a library and do not perform unsafe operations.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (n, p, and method arguments) flow into distribution functions, but all are standard statistical computations with no data exfiltration or external communication.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hard-coded credentials, obfuscated code, or unusual behaviors. The code performs expected statistical computations using external library functions. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or hidden behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard statistical distribution class with properties and methods for binomial distribution calculations. It uses external libraries for core statistical functions. The constructor validates inputs for positive integer 'n' and probability 'p'. It defines properties with getters and setters, with validation to prevent invalid assignments. The distribution methods ('cdf', 'pmf', 'logpmf', 'mgf', 'quantile') invoke corresponding library functions with safe parameters. No external network calls, data leaks, or malicious code are present. The licensing comments and code structure follow typical open-source patterns. No obfuscated code or suspicious logic is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a binomial distribution class using standard libraries. It contains no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It performs expected statistical functions securely and transparently.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}