{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript class for the Binomial distribution, providing methods to calculate statistical properties and functions such as pmf, cdf, median, mode, etc.",
  "sources": "Input data sources are the constructor arguments 'n' and 'p'. The code reads these during instantiation and also reads input parameters for methods like cdf, pmf, quantile, logpmf, mgf.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the methods that accept untrusted input, such as cdf, pmf, quantile, logpmf, and mgf, which process input parameters possibly from untrusted sources.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (e.g., 'x', 'p', 't') into functions like cdf, pmf, logpmf, mgf, and quantile, which then invoke corresponding stdlib library functions that perform calculations based on distribution parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behaviors, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. The code primarily performs statistical calculations and property definitions, with no network activity or hidden logic.",
  "analysis": "The code imports multiple standard library modules for assertions, property definitions, and statistical functions. It defines private functions for distribution calculations. The 'Binomial' constructor validates input parameters, setting default values if none are provided. It uses property descriptors for getters and setters to enforce data validation and immutability for distribution parameters. Methods for distribution functions are attached to the prototype in a straightforward manner. The code is well-structured, uses standard libraries, and performs no suspicious or malicious activities. No evidence of obfuscation or malware is detected. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a Binomial distribution class.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript module is a standard implementation of a Binomial distribution class, providing statistical properties and functions with proper input validation. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data leakage. The code solely focuses on mathematical computations and property management.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}