{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript class for the Binomial distribution, providing methods and properties for statistical calculations such as mean, median, mode, kurtosis, skewness, variance, standard deviation, and various distribution functions (CDF, PMF, logPMF, MGF, quantile). It enables users to instantiate binomial distribution objects with specified parameters and access their statistical properties and functions.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include constructor arguments 'n' (number of trials) and 'p' (probability of success), as well as method inputs for distribution functions (x, p, t). The code also reads properties like 'n' and 'p' through getters.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could be passed to distribution methods such as cdf, pmf, logpmf, mgf, quantile, which could potentially be used maliciously if their inputs are controlled. The code itself does not perform data leakage or system commands.",
  "flows": "Sources such as constructor arguments and method inputs flow into distribution functions (cdf, pmf, logpmf, mgf, quantile). The property setters for 'n' and 'p' validate inputs before assignment, ensuring safe updates. The class properties provide read-only access to distribution statistics.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code detected. The code adheres to standard statistical distribution class pattern. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. The code utilizes only legitimate distribution functions and property definitions.",
  "analysis": "The code imports various assertion and utility modules for input validation and property definitions. It implements a Binomial distribution class with constructor validation for 'n' and 'p'. It uses property accessors to expose statistical properties, ensuring encapsulation. Distribution methods (cdf, pmf, logpmf, mgf, quantile) are defined as private functions and exposed as read-only properties. The overall structure is standard for a statistical distribution class, with no indication of malicious intent or anomalous behavior. It strictly adheres to statistical calculation and property exposure, with no evidence of malicious data handling or system manipulation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a Binomial distribution class in JavaScript, providing statistical methods and properties without any malicious or suspicious behavior. It does not contain backdoors, malicious data leaks, or harmful system commands. The use of external modules appears legitimate and intended for statistical calculations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}