{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to scrape movie information from the website 'https://www.themoviedb.org', including main details, cast, crew, genres, backdrop images, and recommended movies.",
  "sources": "Input data is fetched via HTTP requests using 'request-promise' to URLs and HTML content parsed via Cheerio selectors. User-provided URL in 'getMediaInfo' method acts as an external input.",
  "sinks": "Data outputs include structured movie information and image URLs. The code does not directly write to files or execute system commands. External requests to URLs and data parsing are the primary sinks.",
  "flows": "Input URL is fetched, then HTML is parsed to extract various data fields (main info, images, cast, crew, genres, recommendations). No evident data flows back to external systems except for image URLs and the initial URL input.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code mainly performs data scraping. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution is detected. No apparent malicious code or privacy violations.",
  "analysis": "The code employs standard web scraping techniques to extract data from a public website. It uses 'request-promise' for HTTP requests and Cheerio for HTML parsing, with predictable data flow. No suspicious or malicious behavior, such as network exfiltration, reverse shells, or unauthorized system modifications, is present. All network requests are made to a trusted, publicly available site. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. The code structure is straightforward and does not contain obfuscated or malicious code snippets. Overall, it performs typical web scraping functions without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard web scraper for movie data from 'themoviedb.org'. No signs of malware or malicious activity are present. It responsibly fetches data and processes it without dangerous behavior. Therefore, the code has a very low likelihood of malicious intent, and no security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}