{
  "purpose": "The code defines and installs custom node and attribute classes for a graphical library, likely related to diagram rendering, using dependencies and utilities for class inheritance and drawing shapes.",
  "sources": "Imports from 'babel-runtime' for helpers and from './path' for module paths. No external input sources are explicitly read within this snippet.",
  "sinks": "Rendering methods that draw shapes on a canvas context; no untrusted data sinks or external network calls are evident.",
  "flows": "No identifiable data flow from external input sources to sensitive sinks; the code mainly sets properties and performs drawing operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. The code appears to be standard class definitions and rendering logic. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution is observed. The use of Babel helpers suggests transpilation but not malicious obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code imports various Babel runtime helpers and defines classes for graphical nodes and attributes with properties like shape, label, and size. It includes methods for rendering shapes on a canvas context, setting and getting attributes, and calculating sizes based on label text. All operations are related to drawing and property management without external data sources, network access, or suspicious behavior. The structure and content are typical for a visualization library's internal modules. There are no signs of malware, malicious data handling, or sabotage. The code’s purpose aligns with standard rendering and class extension logic.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate, standard implementation of custom node classes for a graphics or diagramming library, with no malicious intent or security risks detected. It operates solely within the scope of shape rendering and attribute management.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}