{
  "purpose": "This code provides mathematical functions related to the Gamma and Beta distributions, including the gamma function, log gamma, incomplete Beta function, and its inverse. It appears designed for statistical and numerical computations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters for functions (e.g., z, x, a, b, p) and also performs internal calculations using constants and input values. No external data sources or user inputs are explicitly read within this snippet.",
  "sinks": "The functions output numerical results based on input parameters. No untrusted data or external network communication occurs. No data leakage, system modification, or malicious data exfiltration is evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., z, x, a, b, p) flow into mathematical calculations. The core flow involves processing these inputs through numerical algorithms to produce outputs. No dangerous or malicious flows are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code is standard for mathematical computations; no suspicious or unusual code segments are detected. It uses typical numerical methods (Lanczos approximation, continued fractions). No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The use of 'Number('0/0')' for negative z in lngamma is a peculiar way to produce NaN but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code implements well-known numerical algorithms for special functions without external dependencies or network activity. There are no signs of data leakage, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The only potential concern is the use of 'Number('0/0')' to generate NaN for invalid input, which is benign and typical in numerical contexts. The functions perform safe calculations; no insecure handling of environment variables, system files, or external systems is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate mathematical library for special functions related to Gamma and Beta distributions. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The code is well-structured, uses standard algorithms, and does not contain suspicious activities.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}