{
  "purpose": "This code provides mathematical functions related to the Gamma, Log Gamma, and Beta functions, including their inverses and incomplete versions, mainly for statistical and computational purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters for functions such as gamma(z), lngamma(z), incBeta(x, a, b), and invIncBeta(p, a, b), primarily from function arguments. It also reads constants from predefined arrays p and p_ln.",
  "sinks": "The code performs computations using Math functions (e.g., Math.log, Math.exp, Math.sin), but there are no network, file, or external system interactions that would constitute data leakage or malicious output.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., z, x, a, b, p) are processed through mathematical calculations, with intermediate results stored in local variables; no external or untrusted data sources or sinks are present. The flow is confined within mathematical computations.",
  "anomalies": "The lngamma function returns NaN when z < 0 due to Number('0/0') assignment, which may cause propagation of invalid values; the code does not perform validation on all inputs (e.g., NaN or infinity checks). There is no apparent code obfuscation, and all code appears straightforward mathematically.",
  "analysis": "The code implements well-known mathematical functions using the Lanczos and Spouge approximations with standard algorithms. Constants are hardcoded but are typical for such approximations. No network activity, file access, or dynamic code execution is present. The lngamma function's NaN return on invalid input might lead to incorrect calculations but does not appear malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. The functions perform self-contained computations without side effects. The only potential concern is improper handling of invalid inputs leading to NaN values, but this is a typical issue in numerical code, not malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical library for special functions with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It relies solely on mathematical computations and constants, with safe local processing. No malware signals or malicious behaviors are detected. The lngamma function's handling of negative inputs might lead to invalid results, but this is a typical numerical issue rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}