{
  "purpose": "Configure Rollup build process for 'leaflet.extra-markers' library, including conditional plugins and metadata banners.",
  "sources": "Require statements for 'rollup-plugin-git-version', '@rollup/plugin-json', 'git-rev-sync', and local 'project' module; environment variable NODE_ENV; git branch and revision info via 'git-rev-sync'; package.json; banner from local module.",
  "sinks": "Conditional plugin usage based on environment variable; potentially exposing git branch/revision info; no direct data sinks or network activity.",
  "flows": "Environment variable NODE_ENV influences plugin selection; 'git-rev-sync' reads git info; banner info is included in output; no data flows to external systems or untrusted sources.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'version += '+' + branch + '.' + rev' without initializing 'version' to a string before concatenation (potential runtime error). No other unusual or suspicious code behavior observed.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up build options with conditional plugin inclusion based on the environment. It reads git branch and revision info for versioning when not in release mode. The version variable is appended with branch and revision info, but it is not initialized before concatenation, which may cause a runtime error. The code reads environment variables, git info, and local modules, but does not perform any malicious actions such as data exfiltration, code injection, or network activity. No obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious behavior detected. The presence of environment-dependent plugin selection is typical for build scripts.",
  "conclusion": "This script is a standard build configuration with a minor bug related to 'version' variable initialization. It does not contain malicious code, malware, or security risks. No indicators of supply chain attack or malicious intent. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}