{
  "purpose": "The code manages cryptocurrency wallets, including creation, retrieval, and balance checking, with environment variable support for a default wallet.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (process.env.WALLET_PRIVATE_KEY), user-supplied wallet name or address, generated private keys, and external modules for wallet and network operations.",
  "sinks": "Console logs, wallet store (in-memory object), and network requests via 'publicClient.getBalance' and 'createWalletClient' for blockchain interactions.",
  "flows": "Input from environment variables or function parameters flows into wallet creation or retrieval; private keys are generated or read; data is used for blockchain calls and logging.",
  "anomalies": "The code handles private keys securely in memory but exposes sensitive information via console logs during wallet creation and initialization. The wallet store is in-memory, which is not persistent but not inherently malicious. No hardcoded credentials are detected. No suspicious network connections or data exfiltration observed. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The code securely manages private keys in memory and uses environment variables for configuration, which is standard practice. Logging wallet addresses and creation events is typical for debugging but could be a privacy concern if logs are accessible. The wallet creation function generates private keys dynamically without external input, reducing risk of malicious input. Retrieval functions are straightforward. Network calls to get balances are standard; no suspicious network behavior is present. No malware or backdoors are evident. The only potential concern is exposing private keys in logs, which could be exploited if logs are compromised. Overall, the code appears benign with respect to malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard wallet management functions with no indications of malicious behavior. The primary security concern is logging private key information, which should be avoided. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or supply chain attacks. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}