{
  "purpose": "Custom HTML element for autocomplete functionality, fetching data from a specified URL and displaying suggestions.",
  "sources": "Reads attribute values ('url', 'autocomplete-style', 'display-value'), element's 'value' property, user input events, and fetch API response.",
  "sinks": "Fetch request to the URL with user input as query parameter; DOM manipulations for displaying suggestions; updates to hidden input value.",
  "flows": "User input triggers fetchData() via setTimeout; fetch retrieves data from 'url' attribute with user input; updateList() updates DOM with received data; selectItem() updates input and hidden input values.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behavior detected. Usage of fetch API with dynamic URL based on user input is standard for autocomplete components. No evidence of malicious data exfiltration, system manipulation, or hidden behaviors. The code properly sanitizes data before inserting into DOM. The only potential concern is dynamic URL fetching, which is typical but warrants secure URL handling in deployment.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom input element with autocomplete features, fetching data dynamically based on user input. It employs event listeners for keyboard navigation, DOM manipulation for suggestion list, and fetch API with user input parameters. No hardcoded secrets, system manipulation, or malicious data leaks are present. The fetch URL depends on an attribute, and the data handling appears standard. The code does not contain obfuscation or suspicious behaviors such as network calls to suspicious domains, data theft, or system compromise mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to implement a standard autocomplete component with dynamic data fetching. No malicious or suspicious activity is evident. It follows typical patterns and adheres to safe data handling practices within the scope of its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}