{
  "purpose": "The code imports a local module './src/index' and uses its 'toWords' function to convert a negative number with specific options into a word representation, likely for display or processing.",
  "sources": "The input data is the hardcoded number '-13.02' passed directly into the 'toWords' function. The options object provides configuration for the conversion.",
  "sinks": "The 'toWords' function is called with potentially untrusted input if the source number or options were externally manipulated. Output is logged via console.log, which could be a sink if the function processes data insecurely.",
  "flows": "Input number '-13.02' flows into the 'toWords' function; options also flow into this function. The function processes this data and outputs the result via console.log.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code structures, obfuscated code, or hardcoded secrets are present. Usage of a local module suggests custom functionality, but nothing suspicious is apparent. The code is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a local module and applies it to convert a negative number into words with specific formatting options. There is no user input or external data being read dynamically; the number and options are hardcoded. The module's implementation is unknown, so potential risks depend on its internal security. However, the usage pattern here appears typical for a local utility function. There are no indicators of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, malicious network activity, or hidden backdoors. The code itself does not contain malicious logic or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a simple utility invocation converting a hardcoded negative number into words. No malicious intent, anomalies, or security issues are evident. The local module's safety cannot be assessed here but based on this code snippet alone, it appears benign.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}