{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of Svelte component classes and utility functions for rendering and managing animated UI elements such as spinners, arrows, and indicators. It handles dynamic styling, state observation, and DOM manipulation for visual components, primarily for loading or refresh animations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from component state variables (e.g., size, color, progressRatio, which, emphasized, etc.), environment variables are not used, and DOM nodes are created and manipulated within the component lifecycle.",
  "sinks": "DOM element creation and style modifications, event handler invocations, and observer callbacks. No external network or file system interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from internal state variables through computed properties to style attributes and DOM updates; observer callbacks may trigger on state changes, but no external data sinks or malicious actions are identified.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard Svelte-generated component code with no suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors. There is no use of eval, Function constructors, or dynamic code execution. Style injection is static and safe. No obfuscated or minified code beyond typical Svelte output.",
  "analysis": "The code is composed of component class definitions with state management, style encapsulation, and dynamic DOM updates. It uses standard patterns for reactive UI updates, observer pattern, and CSS injection. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system access, or network activity. All data flows are confined within the component scope. No hardcoded secrets or external malicious payloads are detected. The code is consistent with typical UI component implementations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of UI components for animated indicators with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It performs typical DOM manipulations and style updates for visual effects without external data leaks or harmful behaviors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}