{
  "purpose": "The source code implements various UI components such as indicators, spinners, arrows, and refresh indicators, primarily for visual and animated effects within a web application. It manages styles, DOM updates, and reactive state without external data input.",
  "sources": "Reads internal component state, options, and style attributes; no external or untrusted data sources or network requests.",
  "sinks": "DOM element creation and manipulation, style injection, event firing, and observer callbacks; no untrusted data flows into critical sinks.",
  "flows": "Component state updates trigger DOM and style updates; internal observers and event handlers respond to state changes, with no external data influencing critical operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, eval, or dynamic code execution. Style encapsulation and DOM updates are standard practices. No suspicious patterns or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of UI component definitions with style encapsulation, DOM creation, reactive state management, and event handling. It uses standard APIs and patterns typical of frameworks like Svelte. No external data sources, network activity, or code injection mechanisms are present. The code is transparent, well-structured, and free of obfuscation or malicious payloads. The style injection and DOM updates are routine for component-based UI frameworks. No signs of sabotage, backdoors, or data exfiltration are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a set of benign, standard UI components with no malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security risks. The high confidence score reflects the thorough analysis and the code's transparency. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the overall security risk is minimal (~0.1-0.2). The code is safe for use and does not pose supply chain security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}