{
  "purpose": "The source code appears to define a set of UI components (indicators, spinners, arrows) using a framework similar to Svelte, including styling, state management, and DOM manipulation functions.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data via component properties and internal state objects; no external input sources or network requests are present.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation functions such as setAttribute, createElement, appendChild, insertBefore, removeChild; internal state updates and event firing; no evidence of untrusted data being used in critical security-sensitive sinks.",
  "flows": "State objects are updated via set() methods, which trigger style updates and component re-renders. Event handlers respond to user interactions or internal events; no flow indicates untrusted data affecting security-sensitive operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. The code appears structured, with clear separation of component logic, style encapsulation, and DOM updates. No obfuscated code, eval, or dynamic code execution present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple UI components with state management, style encapsulation, and DOM updates. It employs safe DOM APIs without user input for attribute or element creation. No network activity, file access, or environmental variable usage detected. No suspicious or malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or unauthorized system control mechanisms are evident. The code's purpose is purely visual component rendering and state updates, which are typical for UI libraries. The presence of style injection and component logic is consistent with standard framework code. No signs of malware or malicious logic identified.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign UI component library with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It performs standard DOM manipulation, style encapsulation, and state management without external inputs or insecure practices. No malicious behavior or sabotage detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}