{
  "purpose": "The code defines custom AFRAME components for creating, manipulating, and visualizing spline curves (Catmull-Rom) in a WebVR/WebGL environment. It enables defining curves, points, and drawing visualizations like tangents and normals.",
  "sources": "Inputs come from DOM elements with specific components and attributes, such as 'a-curve-point' elements, and query selectors. Data is read from the component schemas, DOM mutations, and 3D object positions.",
  "sinks": "Data is used internally for curve calculations, object transformations, and emitting events. There are no direct sinks that send data externally or over network connections.",
  "flows": "Inputs from DOM elements and their positions flow into curve calculations and visualizations. Events such as 'point-shift' and 'curve-updated' trigger updates. No external data flows or network interactions are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard for AFRAME extension and curve visualization; no unusual code, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. No obfuscation or hidden code is detected. No suspicious external requests or data leaks are observed.",
  "analysis": "The script defines several AFRAME components for managing spline curves: 'curve', 'curve-point', 'draw-curve', and 'clone-along-curve'. These components listen for DOM events, observe mutations, and update 3D object transformations accordingly. The logic includes curve point management, visualization of tangents/normals, and instancing objects along curves. The code strictly manipulates 3D scene objects and emits internal events. No network communication, data exfiltration, or malicious actions are evident. The only external interactions are through event emissions and DOM element querying, which are typical for AFRAME components. No signs of malware or malicious intent are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of AFRAME components for curve visualization and management, with no indications of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It is safe and performs expected 3D scene functions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}