{
  "purpose": "The code defines a RequireJS plugin for processing EJS templates, handling include statements and compiling templates for use in a JavaScript environment.",
  "sources": "Reads template files via text.get() based on URLs generated from module names; reads configuration data (config.isBuild).",
  "sinks": "Injects and processes templates via ejs.render() and ejs.compile(); writes compiled templates to output during build; fetches included templates via text.get().",
  "flows": "Loads template files, processes include statements by fetching additional templates with text.get(), compiles templates with ejs, and optionally stores templates during build.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. Uses regex for include parsing but in a safe manner. The includeRegex does not appear malicious. No suspicious external network calls beyond template file fetching. The code dynamically fetches templates but within a controlled environment.",
  "analysis": "The code is a RequireJS plugin for processing EJS templates, primarily performing template loading, include resolution, and compilation. It fetches template files dynamically via text.get() using URLs derived from module names. The include statements are parsed with a regex, and matching includes are replaced by their content fetched via text.get(). During build, templates are stored in buildMap as JSON strings for later use. The code uses ejs.render() and ejs.compile() functions for template processing, which are standard practices. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The only potential concern could be the dynamic fetching of files based on module names, but this is typical for template processing systems. No obfuscated code, no hidden network connections, and no suspicious data handling are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate RequireJS plugin for EJS template processing with no malicious intent. It performs standard template loading, include resolution, and compilation operations. No signs of malware or security risks are present based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}