{
  "purpose": "The code is a RequireJS plugin for processing EJS templates, allowing inclusion of other templates and compiling them into JavaScript functions.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the template files fetched via text.get, and include paths extracted via regex from the template content.",
  "sinks": "The code uses ejs.render and ejs.compile functions to process templates. The injectIncludes function fetches additional templates over the network, potentially inserting untrusted content into the output.",
  "flows": "Template files are fetched and processed; include statements are matched via regex, and corresponding templates are fetched and injected. The final processed template is compiled with ejs, which is then rendered or stored in buildMap.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code correctly handles template inclusion and compilation. No dynamic code execution or network communication outside template fetching is detected. All network requests are for fetching static templates, not executing untrusted code.",
  "analysis": "The plugin fetches template files via URLs derived from module names, processes include statements using regex, and injects additional templates into the main template. The injectIncludes function recursively fetches and replaces include directives, which could potentially be manipulated if the include paths are untrusted. However, the code itself does not perform malicious actions like data exfiltration, system commands, or cryptomining. It relies on the safety of template content and the integrity of the file sources. The use of JSON.stringify for build templates during build mode is appropriate. Overall, the code appears to serve its purpose without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard RequireJS plugin for EJS templates, performing template inclusion and compilation without evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. No suspicious activity, backdoors, or malware-like features are present. The main risk lies in trusting the source of included templates; otherwise, the code itself is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}