{
  "purpose": "This code provides an abstraction layer over WebSocket and XHR streaming for peer-to-peer communication, managing connections, message transmission, and reconnections.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from method parameters (start, send), environment variables (potentially via dependencies), and network events such as incoming WebSocket messages or HTTP responses.",
  "sinks": "Sends data through WebSocket.send() or XMLHttpRequest.send(), processes incoming messages, and manages connection states. Potentially vulnerable if untrusted data is mishandled, but mostly safe here.",
  "flows": "Input data from method calls or network events is parsed or processed, then either emitted or sent via network sinks. Inbound messages are parsed and emitted; outbound messages are JSON-stringified and sent over network.",
  "anomalies": "Uses dynamic URL construction with sensitive parameters (host, port, key, id, token) without sanitization. No hardcoded credentials detected. No evidence of backdoors or hidden behaviors. The code appears standard for a WebSocket/XHR abstraction.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a WebSocket and XHR fallback communication layer. It manages connection states, message queuing, and reconnection strategies. No suspicious or malicious code such as data exfiltration, system modification, or backdoors. The URL parameters are constructed dynamically, which could be risky if inputs are untrusted, but this is typical for such libraries. No obfuscated or minified code is present; the code is readable and standard. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. The network communication is straightforward, and all data handling involves JSON serialization/deserialization, with error handling in place. Overall, the code performs expected operations for a peer-to-peer signaling layer without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard WebSocket/XHR communication abstraction with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not contain malware or obfuscated code. It has a moderate security risk if untrusted inputs are provided to URL parameters, but this is inherent to the design and not malicious. Confidence in the assessment is high due to clarity and absence of suspicious patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}