{
  "purpose": "This module generates a noise function using positional data and value generation, utilizing inverse distance weighting (IDW) for interpolation. It provides configurable options for dimensions, extent, periodicity, and RNG.",
  "sources": "Input parameters: options object (n, dimensions, minValue, maxValue, valueFunction, extent, periodic), rng seed or function, and internal methods for position and value generation.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the IDW object used for interpolation. No other sinks like network calls, file system access, or sensitive data transmission are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input options and RNG to position and value generation, then into IDW setup for interpolation; no external data flow or untrusted data affecting system state outside local computations.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for procedural noise generation. It dynamically creates RNGs, handles periodicity, and normalizes values. No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or privacy leaks are detected. RNG implementation is a known pseudo-random generator. No obfuscation or suspicious behavior is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a positional sampler using Poissimple, generates positions, then applies a value function or normalizes random values to a specified range. The RNG generator is a standard Mulberry32 implementation. No external network calls, system modifications, or data exfiltration routines are present. All functions perform expected geometric and mathematical operations typical of procedural noise generation. The code is clean, well-structured, and uses common techniques; nothing suggests malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard procedural noise generator employing IDW interpolation, with no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It is safe to use from a security standpoint.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}