{
  "purpose": "The code generates a 1D or multi-dimensional noise function using inverse distance weighting (IDW) based on randomly generated or user-supplied values and positions.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user-supplied options (minValue, maxValue, extent, periodic, valueFunction), RNG seed or function, and position data generated internally.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the RNG function which produces random values and positions, and the IDW calculation which processes these values and positions.",
  "flows": "Input options → RNG seed/function and parameters → Position generation via Poissimple → Value computation → IDW setup → Noise function output",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets present. RNG implementation is a known pseudo-random generator (mulberry32). No external network calls, file operations, or system modifications detected. The code appears focused solely on noise generation with no suspicious side effects.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a noise function by generating random positions and associated values, optionally normalizing these values within specified bounds. It employs Poissimple for position sampling, which is a legitimate open-source module. The RNG function is a standard pseudo-random generator with seed capability. The code does not contain obfuscated patterns, hidden network calls, or data leaks. The flow from source (input options and RNG) to sink (IDW and output) is straightforward. No malicious intent, backdoors, or sabotage mechanisms are present. The only noteworthy aspect is the configurable RNG seed and function, which are standard in such implementations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate noise generation module for creating IDW-based noise functions. No malicious behavior or security risks are identified. It operates solely within the scope of random position/value generation and IDW calculation, with no evidence of malware or malicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}