{
  "purpose": "The code implements an Angular-based calendar component library with month, week, and day views, supporting event display and interaction, intended for use in web applications.",
  "sources": "Reads input properties for configuration, event source data, and templates; subscribes to observables from CalendarService for state updates.",
  "sinks": "Emits events for range changes, event selections, time selections, and title updates; interacts with DOM via event listeners and component inputs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input properties into component state; observables update internal state; user interactions invoke methods that emit events; templates display data based on current state.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, suspicious network calls, or hidden backdoors detected. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns. No use of eval, Function constructors, or dynamic code execution. Styles and templates appear standard and non-suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a complex Angular calendar UI with multiple views, relying on RxJS for reactive updates. It defines services, components, and templates for displaying events, navigating dates, and customizing appearance. All input and output channels serve standard purposes in a UI component library. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, unauthorized network access, or code sabotage are evident. The code follows conventional patterns for Angular component development and state management. The only potential concern could be if malicious templates or event handlers are injected externally, but all templates are either default or from bound input properties, with no evidence of malicious injection. Overall, the code appears legitimate and benign.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript/TypeScript code for an Angular calendar component library does not exhibit any malicious behavior or sabotage. It is a standard implementation of a customizable calendar UI, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}