{
  "purpose": "The code implements a mathematical expression parser and evaluator, providing functions to parse input strings into an abstract syntax tree and compute the result. It also defines a custom error class for handling parsing errors.",
  "sources": "Input is read from the 'input' parameter in the 'calculate' and 'tryCalculate' functions. The input is processed via string replacements, regex matching, and tokenization.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the 'calculate' method, which computes and returns the result. No untrusted data is written or transmitted outside the scope of the computation. No network, file, or environment variable operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input strings are sanitized and tokenized, then parsed into a Node structure. The Node's 'calculate' method processes tokens to perform arithmetic operations, ultimately returning a numeric result.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code performs standard mathematical parsing with regex, which is typical. There is a duplicate 'case' for '%' operator, which is redundant but harmless. No dynamic code execution, external network calls, or obfuscated code are present. The code appears clean and intentionally designed for arithmetic parsing.",
  "analysis": "The code performs input validation using regex patterns, throws custom errors for invalid input or unbalanced parentheses, and computes the expression with operator precedence. It does not contain any suspicious code, such as network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The error handling is straightforward, and no malicious behavior is evident. The use of 'console.log' in 'tryCalculate' is benign and only logs errors if 'verbose' is enabled in options. The duplicate '%' operator case is a minor redundancy. Overall, the code is a calculator parser with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard arithmetic expression parser and evaluator without any signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs input validation, parsing, and calculation safely. No malicious or maliciously exploitable code segments are identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}