{
  "purpose": "This code implements a mathematical expression parser and evaluator with custom error handling and utility functions for calculations, primarily for processing string inputs representing calculations.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters, especially the 'input' parameter in 'calculate' and 'parse' functions.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous points include usage of 'console.log' in 'tryCalculate' (if 'opts.verbose' is true), but no direct data leaks or external calls are evident; no other sinks are identified.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'input' strings through parsing functions, building a Node tree, then evaluation functions compute results, with no external network or system calls involved.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains duplicate '%', specifically in the 'Operators' array with '%' appearing twice, but no malicious code or backdoors are present. The code uses standard regex patterns and class extension patterns. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. No obfuscation evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard expression parser with defined operators, regex-based tokenization, and evaluation logic. It handles parentheses and performs calculations respecting operator precedence. Error handling via 'YaamError' is standard. No signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or covert backdoors. Usage of 'console.log' for verbose error reporting is controlled by 'opts.verbose'. There are no external data leaks, nor are there any dynamic code executions or suspicious code injections. Duplicate operators '%' is a minor inconsistency but not malicious. Overall, the code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward mathematical expression parser and evaluator with no evidence of malicious intent or malware. It functions as designed, with standard practices and no suspicious behaviors. The only minor anomaly is the duplicate '%' operator in the 'Operators' array, which does not impact functionality or security.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}