{
  "purpose": "The code implements a mathematical expression parser and evaluator with custom error handling, designed to process input strings, parse tokens, and perform calculations based on operator precedence.",
  "sources": "Input string to the 'calculate' function, environment variables are not used, no external data sources, only internal string processing.",
  "sinks": "Calculation functions, error messages thrown via YaamError, console logging in 'tryCalculate' (if verbose), but no data exfiltration or network activity observed.",
  "flows": "Input string is sanitized and tokenized, then parsed into a node tree, which is subsequently evaluated through recursive calculations. No external data flows are apparent.",
  "anomalies": "The code is a straightforward mathematical expression parser. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The use of eval or dynamic code execution is absent. Error handling is standard. The only unusual aspect is the complex regex for validation but is justified for token parsing.",
  "analysis": "The script begins with helper functions for class inheritance and array spreading, followed by core functions for parsing and calculating expressions. The parser constructs a syntax tree from a string, then evaluates it respecting operator precedence. Error handling is via a custom YaamError class, with exceptions thrown for invalid input or unbalanced parentheses. The code does not include network activity, data leakage, or any malicious functions. The regex patterns are for token validation and parsing, not obfuscation. No suspicious external calls or hidden behaviors are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of an expression parser and evaluator with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It does not perform any network activity, data exfiltration, or covert operations. The code appears safe and purely functional for its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}