{
  "purpose": "The code appears to perform feature detection for various browser capabilities related to SVG, canvas, cross-origin images, and other rendering features, likely for use in a rendering or security library.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from document object (DOM elements, createRange, createElement, etc.), image sources (via src attributes), and possibly external data through feature tests (like CORS and responseType).",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks such as network requests, file system access, or eval are present. Image and canvas operations are used for feature detection but do not seem to transmit data or execute untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Inputs from document DOM and image sources flow through canvas and image manipulation functions to determine feature support; no data is transmitted externally. The feature detection functions return boolean or Promise<boolean> values, used internally.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behavior are detected. The code uses standard feature detection techniques. The Promise-based image tests for SVG and base64 images are typical. No obfuscated or misleading code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs feature detection by rendering images and SVGs on canvas, checking support for range bounds, SVG drawing, base64 images, foreign object rendering, CORS support, and response types. It uses safe DOM methods and image manipulations. No data leakage, network transmission, or malicious intent is evident. The code structure is straightforward, with conditional feature support detection and no hidden or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard feature detection utility for browser rendering capabilities, with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It does not perform any external data transmission or risky operations. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}