{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom drawing mode for Mapbox GL Draw, enabling users to create circles by clicking and dragging on a map.",
  "sources": "Imports from external modules such as '@mapbox/mapbox-gl-draw', '@turf/circle', '@turf/distance', and local utils like '../utils/drag_pan'. It also reads map event data (mouse/touch events with lngLat properties).",
  "sinks": "Uses the event data (lngLat) to calculate distances and create geojson features. It updates feature properties and coordinates based on user interaction. No external data sinks or system commands are present.",
  "flows": "User input events (mousedown, mousemove, mouseup, click) provide lngLat data. This data is used to set the circle's center and radius, which updates the feature's geometry and properties. No external data flows out of the code.",
  "anomalies": "The code primarily manages drawing a circle; no suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or malicious functions are present. The only noteworthy aspect is the use of external Turf.js functions for geographic calculations, which are standard.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom Mapbox draw mode for drawing circles, capturing user input to set a center point and dynamically calculate the radius based on mouse movements. Event handlers modify feature properties and geometries accordingly. No external network requests, no system commands, or suspicious data handling are observed. The logic appears consistent with expected drawing functionality. There are no obfuscated code patterns, hidden functions, or malicious code. The code uses standard libraries and straightforward property manipulations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate custom drawing mode for creating circles on a Mapbox map. It does not contain malware, malicious behaviors, or security risks. It simply processes user interactions to generate circle features. No suspicious activity or vulnerabilities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}