{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a large collection of utility functions, classes, and API integrations related to blockchain, token management, and HTTP requests, likely for a cryptocurrency or decentralized finance (DeFi) platform.",
  "sources": "Data sources include user input (parameters, addresses), environment variables, and network responses from APIs such as 'https://api2.chainge.finance' and other endpoints.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests (fetch, XMLHttpRequest), local storage access, data processing functions, and error handling which could leak or manipulate data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs or environment variables into network request parameters, API responses into data processing functions, and potentially into local storage or console logs. No evidence of untrusted data being used insecurely or leading to code injection.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets. The code uses standard libraries and patterns for API calls, data encoding, and error handling. No obfuscated or minified code is present; code structure is clear. Usage of environment checks and network calls appears normal for blockchain-related operations.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines utility functions for string, object, and array manipulations, along with classes for error handling, request management, and blockchain data processing. It includes API calls to external services, but these are standard network requests with typical handling and no signs of malicious behavior. Sensitive data like API URLs are public and appear to be legitimate endpoints. No suspicious code such as hidden data exfiltration, reverse shells, or cryptomining activities is detected. The network requests and data handling are typical for blockchain applications and do not show signs of sabotage or malware. The code is well-structured, with explicit functions and classes, and no obfuscated or minified segments that suggest malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a comprehensive utility and API interaction module for blockchain operations, without any signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It functions as part of a blockchain/DeFi platform, with standard network and data handling procedures. No malicious or suspicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}