{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a comprehensive JavaScript SDK or client library for interacting with blockchain APIs, including functions for asset management, token info, cross-chain swaps, and HTTP requests to API endpoints. Its purpose is to facilitate blockchain-related operations via API calls and data processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input/data from function parameters, environment variables (though none explicitly shown), localStorage, and external API responses (via axios re.get calls). It also reads cookie values and URL parameters in certain functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests to API endpoints, localStorage and cookies for storing sensitive data, and data returned or passed to external callback functions. However, no direct code injection, eval, or unsafe eval-like constructs are used.",
  "flows": "Sources include user input parameters, environment info, API responses, and stored data. Data flows into API request functions, localStorage, and callback handlers. The API responses are processed and returned, with some calculations and data transformations occurring before final outputs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets are present. The code primarily consists of utility functions, API interaction wrappers, and data processing routines. Some functions involve cryptographic or data encoding processes but appear standard. No hidden code, obfuscated strings, or dynamic code execution is detected. The large volume of code related to BigNumber calculations seems legitimate for blockchain operations.",
  "analysis": "Step-by-step, the code is a set of utility functions, data processing routines, and API wrappers for blockchain operations, including token info, asset management, and cross-chain interactions. The code uses axios for HTTP requests and stores some data in localStorage. There is no evidence of malicious data exfiltration, remote code execution, or hidden backdoors. The functions are primarily data transformations, API calls, and cryptographic utilities common in blockchain SDKs. No signs of malware, such as data theft, system damage, or unauthorized network communication, are present. The code structure and usage patterns align with standard SDK implementations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, comprehensive blockchain API client library with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It relies on well-known libraries and standard data handling practices. There are no suspicious or malicious signals detected, and the overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}