{
  "purpose": "The source code defines and registers multiple Vue 3 components for a UI library, including hover tooltips, tables, dialogs, breadcrumbs, filters, and pagination, and provides an installation method for Vue applications.",
  "sources": "Inputs from component props (content, placement, header, data, etc.), event handlers, environment variables (via Vue's runtime), and DOM events such as mouseenter and mouseleave.",
  "sinks": "Component methods that modify component state, DOM manipulations via Vue's rendering functions, and event emissions for interactions like 'change', 'confirm', 'cancel'.",
  "flows": "User interactions (mouse events, prop updates) trigger state changes within components, which then update the DOM or emit events. No external data or network calls are evident.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to be a standard Vue 3 component library with typical UI components. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external requests. Usage of inline styles, but nothing unusual or malicious. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution. No hidden or malicious behavior observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of Vue component definitions with props, setup functions, and render functions. Components interact with user events and internal state, such as toggling visibility or tooltip content. No external network calls, file system access, or environment variable leaks are present. The code does not include any suspicious logic, such as sending data over the network or executing dynamic code. It simply provides UI components for a Vue 3 application. The use of standard Vue features and patterns indicates normal functionality. There is no indication of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a typical Vue 3 component library module with no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It provides UI components for use within a Vue application. No malicious signals or suspicious behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}