{
  "purpose": "The code implements classes and functions for interacting with OpenRouter AI models, including chat and completion models, handling request/response transformation, streaming, and error handling.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from method parameters (prompts, options), constructs API request bodies, and processes API responses, including stream chunks.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include transformed responses, log probabilities, tool call data, and errors; potential data leaks could occur if untrusted data is logged or transmitted without validation.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters -> request body construction -> API call -> response processing -> response output. For streaming, chunks are processed and relayed to the caller.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. The code contains extensive transformation logic, but no evidence of malicious code injection, code injection, or data exfiltration. Usage of external modules appears standard. No obfuscation or unusual dynamic code execution is present. Functions are focused on data transformation and API communication.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly handles API request/response workflows for AI models, including transforming prompts, handling errors, and streaming chunks. It uses well-known libraries and patterns for network communication. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The code lacks any network connections to unknown or suspicious domains, and it does not perform any unauthorized data exfiltration. Its functionality aligns with typical SDKs or client libraries for AI APIs. All transformations and API calls are consistent with documented usage, with no signs of malicious code. The detailed handling of response streams and tool calls suggests careful design, not sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, legitimate SDK implementation for interacting with OpenRouter models. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It performs data transformation, API requests, and streaming, all within expected patterns. No malicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}