{
  "purpose": "The code extends the 'EitherAsync' class from 'purify-ts' by adding prototype properties for string tagging and iteration, overrides the static 'of' method to wrap values in 'Right', and re-exports modules. This facilitates enhanced functionality and module organization.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the imported modules ('./pointfree/do', 'purify-ts', './Either') and modifies the 'EitherAsync' prototype and static methods internally.",
  "sinks": "There are no external data sinks, network connections, or untrusted data outputs; all modifications are internal to the module.",
  "flows": "The code flows involve setting prototype properties and static methods on 'EitherAsync', which are internal modifications without external data flow or untrusted input handling.",
  "anomalies": "Prototype manipulation and static method overriding are somewhat unusual but are standard practices for extending classes in JavaScript. No obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or malicious code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs prototype property assignments ('Symbol.toStringTag' and 'Symbol.iterator') and overrides the static 'of' method to wrap values in 'Right'. It then re-exports modules. These actions are typical for extending library classes to add functionality. No external communication, data leaks, or malicious behaviors are detected. The code is straightforward and well-structured, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent. The prototype modifications are somewhat advanced but are common in library extension scenarios. Overall, the code is benign and does not pose security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign extension of the 'EitherAsync' class, adding prototype properties and static methods for enhanced functionality. No malicious activity, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities are evident. The scores assigned (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk≈0.1) are appropriate given the nature of the modifications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}