{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to format numbers and exponents, parse strings into numerical expressions, and handle number formatting options, primarily for mathematical or scientific data presentation.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function arguments (e.g., strings for parsing, options for formatting) and from the required './config' module which supplies configuration and number classes.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe data flows occur when user input is parsed by 'Expression' which could evaluate malicious expressions; also, 'format' manipulates numbers based on input options, but no direct data leakage occurs. No external data is sent or system modified within this code.",
  "flows": "Input strings flow through 'parse' to 'Expression' evaluation, which could process malicious expressions if the 'Expression' class does not sanitize inputs. The formatting functions process numbers but do not execute untrusted code.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution detected. The 'config' module's internal implementation is unknown, which might contain hidden behavior, but is not evident here.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on number formatting and parsing. It relies on an external 'Expression' parser from 'config', which could potentially evaluate malicious expressions if not properly sandboxed. No network communication, system modification, or data exfiltration code is present. No obfuscated code patterns or suspicious behaviors are detected. The code does use external configuration and custom number classes, which could be manipulated if malicious, but based on this snippet, no malicious activity is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be standard mathematical formatting and parsing utilities with no explicit malicious behavior. Its security depends on the safety of the external 'config' module, particularly the 'Expression' class. No indicators of malware or security risks are present within this code snippet itself.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}