{
  "purpose": "The code serves as an index export for various Angular modules, components, and services related to the 'ng-bootstrap' library, facilitating their inclusion in Angular applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from its own module and the imported modules and components within the same package, such as './index' and various subdirectories like './carousel', './datepicker', etc.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks where untrusted data is processed, injected, or transmitted over network or file system. No external data is used in a way that could cause injection or leakage.",
  "flows": "The code flows from internal module and component definitions to export statements, making these available for external use. No data flow from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks is observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard, generated bundle index file with export statements for various UI components and services. There are no signs of hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors. No suspicious dynamic code execution, network calls, or privacy leaks detected.",
  "analysis": "The provided code is a generated Angular bundle index file exporting multiple modules, components, and services related to 'ng-bootstrap'. It imports internal modules and re-exports them for public use. No user input handling, data processing, or external communications are present. The structure and content follow typical patterns for library bundle files. The code is not minified or obfuscated beyond standard production build output, and it does not contain any malicious or suspicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard library bundle index with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It merely re-exports components and services for Angular UI development. No suspicious activity, malware, or security vulnerabilities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}