{
  "purpose": "This code exports various Angular modules, components, services, and internal utilities related to the Ngb (Ng Bootstrap) library for UI components such as accordions, date pickers, carousels, modals, tooltips, etc.",
  "sources": "The code imports symbols from internal module files (e.g., './index', './carousel/carousel', './datepicker/...', './modal/...') and re-exports them. No user input or external data sources are directly read.",
  "sinks": "There are no identifiable sinks where untrusted data flows into security-sensitive operations, such as network requests, file operations, or environment variable access. The code is solely responsible for exporting modules and internal utilities.",
  "flows": "No source-to-sink data flow paths are present, as this module primarily performs re-exports of UI components and internal utilities without handling untrusted input or performing data processing.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be auto-generated by the Angular build system (noted by comments and the nature of exports). It includes internal symbols marked with 'ɵ' which are Angular's private/internal exports. There are no suspicious or malicious patterns such as obfuscation, code injection, or hidden backdoors. No hardcoded credentials or unusual code behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The file is a bundle index generated by the Angular compiler for the Ngb (Ng Bootstrap) library. It exports public modules, components, and internal symbols (denoted by Angular's internal naming convention 'ɵ'). All exports are standard for an Angular library package. No external data input handling, network activity, or system modifications are evident. The internal symbols are typical Angular private API references, not indicative of malicious intent. The structure is typical of a library's barrel file designed to re-export modules for convenience.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard generated bundle index for the Ngb library, primarily containing module re-exports and internal Angular symbols. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is safe to use within an Angular project, assuming the package source is trusted.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}