{
  "purpose": "The script sets up a testing environment for npm packages by installing, testing, and cleaning up npm modules in a temporary directory, primarily for automated testing purposes.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (TMPDIR, TMP, TEMP, PATH, NODE_PATH), process inputs (package directory contents), commands executed via child_process.exec.",
  "sinks": "child_process.exec (executes system commands), environment variables (TMPDIR, PATH, NODE_PATH), filesystem operations (rimraf, mkdirp).",
  "flows": "Environment variables and user input (package names) influence commands executed via child_process.exec, affecting filesystem and process control.",
  "anomalies": "Code replaces 'npm' and 'node' commands with absolute paths, potentially altering behavior. It uses process environment variables for temp directories and PATH modifications. The script runs npm commands with global and prefix configurations, possibly influencing global state. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily orchestrates npm package installation, testing, and cleanup within a controlled environment. It manipulates environment variables and command strings to run npm commands using child_process.exec. The commands are constructed based on local paths and environment settings, with no apparent malicious intent. The replacement of 'npm' and 'node' commands with absolute paths is a normal practice in controlled testing environments. No network connections, data exfiltration, or harmful system modifications are evident. The code’s purpose is to automate testing processes; it does not contain any hidden backdoors, malware, or malicious behavior. The code’s structure, use of environment variables, and command execution are consistent with legitimate testing scripts, with no suspicious anomalies detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate testing automation script for npm packages, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It manages environment variables, executes npm commands, and cleans up temporary directories in a manner consistent with standard testing practices. No malware or malicious activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}