{
  "purpose": "This source code defines classes for parsing rules and symbol selection in a grammar-based parser, allowing configuration of parsing behaviors such as optionality, greediness, and transformations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input source data in the parse method, specifically the 'source' parameter, and uses class properties and method parameters as input points.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the transform method, which applies a transformer to the parsed node; the parse method returns parsed nodes; and the throw method which sets custom error messages. No external data sinks (e.g., network) are evident.",
  "flows": "The flow involves parsing source input through symbol sets, applying transformations, and error handling via throw messages or recovery symbols. The parse method processes the source data, updates internal state, and applies transformers before returning results.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. The code appears to be a typical parser configuration structure. No obfuscated code features or unusual language features are detected. The multiple require statements for the same './Util' module are redundant but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for rule-based parsing with methods to specify symbol sets, optionality, greediness, and transformations. It handles errors via throw messages or recovery symbols, and processes source input accordingly. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as network connections, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The logic is consistent with a parser generator or DSL framework. The redundant require statements do not indicate malicious intent but could suggest oversight or poor organization. Overall, the code functions as intended for parser rule definitions without malicious actions.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate parser rule configuration module. It does not exhibit malware characteristics or malicious behavior. No security risks are identified beyond standard parser configuration considerations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}