{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to handle CSS resolution queries, specifically to prefix, clean, and process resolution-related media queries (min/max-resolution) for different browser prefixes.",
  "sources": "Input data includes CSS media query strings from rule.params, especially those containing 'min-resolution' or 'max-resolution'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the output of prefixQuery function, which generates prefixed media queries, and the modification of rule.params, which could influence CSS output.",
  "flows": "Input media query strings are matched and transformed through REGEXP and SPLIT regexes; the process involves replacing resolution values with prefixed versions and adjusting units; then, these are integrated back into rule.params.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The code uses math libraries for unit conversion but does not perform any network requests or system modifications. The code structure is straightforward and focused on CSS media query handling. No obfuscated or malicious-looking code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports external libraries for fraction calculations and utility functions. It defines regex patterns for parsing resolution media queries. The class Resolution extends Prefixer, providing methods to prefix names, prefix queries with unit conversions, clean existing media queries, and process rules by adding prefixed media queries for different browser engines. All operations focus solely on CSS media query transformations. There are no data leaks, network requests, file system interactions, or other malicious behaviors. The use of fractions ensures precise unit conversions, but this does not introduce security issues. Overall, the code appears to serve a legitimate purpose related to CSS prefixing without any malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate CSS media query prefixer focusing on resolution queries. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. The security risk is minimal, primarily related to the correctness of the media query processing, not security vulnerabilities. No suspicious or malicious activity is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}