{
  "purpose": "The code appears to process and prefix CSS media queries related to resolution (min/max-resolution). It modifies CSS rules by adding vendor-specific prefixes and removing existing prefixed queries.",
  "sources": "Reads CSS rule parameters (rule.params), string literals in regex replacements, and external utility functions.",
  "sinks": "Rewrites CSS query strings within rule.params, which could influence CSS behavior but does not directly interact with untrusted input beyond string manipulation.",
  "flows": "Extracts resolution queries via regex, processes them with prefix-specific adjustments, and updates rule.params with new prefixed or cleaned queries.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The code performs CSS query transformations and filtering, with no external data transmission or malicious actions. Uses external libraries 'fraction.js' for calculations, but no malicious intent evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on parsing, modifying, and prefixing CSS media queries related to resolution. It employs regex to identify resolution queries, converts values with 'fraction.js', and adds vendor prefixes accordingly. It also removes existing prefixed queries to prevent duplication. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or hidden backdoors. All operations are confined to string and CSS rule modifications. External dependencies are used appropriately without malicious intent. The code does not perform any unsafe operations, network calls, or credential handling. Overall, the script is a CSS utility module for prefixing media queries with no evidence of malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a CSS query prefixing utility module with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It processes resolution media queries for CSS compatibility and does not contain malicious or suspicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}