{
  "purpose": "This code processes CSS media queries related to device resolution, adding vendor-specific prefixes, normalizing values, and cleaning existing prefixed queries.",
  "sources": "Input data is the 'rule.params' array, which contains CSS media query parameters. It reads 'rule' objects and their 'params' property.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies 'rule.params' by filtering and appending processed queries, which could affect CSS rule application but does not directly leak data or execute external commands.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'rule.params' flows through filtering and transformation functions, involving regex matches and string replacements, then updates 'rule.params'.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls are present. The code performs straightforward string processing and mathematical conversions without obfuscation or dynamic code execution. No unusual or malicious patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports 'fraction.js' for precise arithmetic conversions, 'prefixer' for prefix handling, and 'utils' for list operations. It defines regex patterns to match CSS resolution queries. The 'prefixName' and 'prefixQuery' methods generate vendor-prefixed property names and values, converting units where necessary. The 'clean' method filters out existing prefixed resolution queries to prevent duplication. The 'process' method adds vendor prefixes to 'min-resolution' and 'max-resolution' queries, transforming values into a normalized form. There is no evidence of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious commands. All operations are consistent with CSS preprocessing tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a CSS media query processor that handles vendor prefixes and resolution value normalization. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, suspicious anomalies, or security risks based on the provided code. The implementation appears legitimate and purpose-driven without malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}