{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a JavaScript bundle generated by Webpack, containing various utility functions, dependency management, and dependency injection setup for a modular application. It is likely part of a framework or system to register, instantiate, and manage dependencies in a structured way.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from module imports, function arguments, and object properties; notably, it reads dependency names, configuration data, and module definitions within functions such as 'createInjector', 'buildProvider', and various registration functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include function calls that instantiate or invoke registered providers, dependency resolution paths, and configuration objects passed into functions. There are no obvious direct data leaks or data exfiltration points. No network requests or system modifications are directly present.",
  "flows": "Source-to-sink paths involve reading dependency descriptors, configuration data, or injected dependencies (sources), which then flow into provider functions or object instantiations (sinks). The dependency injection mechanism resolves dependencies and calls provider functions, but there are no suspicious data flows involving external communication.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code are evident. The code uses standard patterns for dependency registration and injection, with no obfuscated strings or unusual language features. All code is structured, and there are no signs of malicious privacy violations, credential theft, or information leaks. The presence of minified or obfuscated code is not detected outside standard minification. No dynamic code execution, eval, or suspicious domain/network activity is apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code bundle is a typical Webpack output for a dependency injection framework, with modules for registration, configuration, and provider building. The functions perform dependency registration, caching, and object instantiation based on descriptors, all using well-known patterns. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system damage. All behaviors align with legitimate application infrastructure setup. Confidence is high that this is standard application infrastructure code, not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard modular dependency injection framework, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It handles dependency registration, caching, and object creation securely and transparently. No evidence of malware or security risks was found. It appears safe for use in application development.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}