{
  "purpose": "This code handles offchain data retrieval and error handling for offchain lookups, primarily used in smart contract interactions, with functions for making requests and handling errors.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters (e.g., data, sender, urls, callData), and from fetch responses (e.g., headers, body, json/text content).",
  "sinks": "Uses fetch API to send HTTP requests to specified URLs; processes responses; throws custom errors. Potentially vulnerable if URLs or input data are untrusted.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (data, sender, urls) are used to build requests; fetch responses are parsed; errors are thrown if conditions aren't met; success returns data.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears standard for offchain data fetching with structured error handling. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Uses dynamic URL replacements, which could be misused if URLs are malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines custom error classes for offchain lookup scenarios, performs data extraction and validation, and makes HTTP requests to URLs that can contain placeholders. The fetch logic handles JSON and text responses, with error handling for failed requests. The URL manipulation allows dynamic URL generation but relies on external inputs, which could be risky if untrusted URLs are used. The error classes and request logic are typical for offchain data fetching and do not contain malicious code. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system compromise. The code is well-structured for its purpose, with no obfuscated or suspicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is standard for offchain data retrieval in blockchain applications. It manages error handling, dynamic URL requests, and response parsing securely, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. Potential security concern exists if URLs are malicious, but this is outside the scope of this code’s logic. Overall, the code does not exhibit malware or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 3
}