{
  "purpose": "This module provides mathematical operations and normalization functions for BigNum and other numeric types, facilitating calculations and comparisons.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters in various functions such as normalize(), toResult(), and buildEvaluator() functions, which process external numeric values passed in at runtime.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks that send data over the network, write to files, or access environment variables. The code performs only in-memory computations without side effects.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into normalize() for type handling, then through mathematical functions like add, multiply, etc., with results returned immediately; no external data transmission occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code structures are present. The code relies on external dependencies (@bignum/core) but uses them in a standard manner. No obfuscation or malicious code appears. The only unusual aspect might be extensive use of normalize() before operations, but it is for type consistency.",
  "analysis": "The code defines numeric normalization, comparison, and arithmetic functions with type safety measures, converting inputs to BigInt or BigNum as needed. No external network access, file operations, or environment variable usage are present. Functions like buildEvaluator and buildCompare create operators that handle different numeric types seamlessly. No signs of malicious intent or hidden backdoors are evident. The code’s purpose is purely mathematical computation, and it uses dependencies in a standard, safe way.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard mathematical utility module with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It performs safe numeric conversions and calculations, relying on a reputable external library. No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}