{
  "purpose": "The code is a test suite for a mockup generator library that renders images based on provided inputs.",
  "sources": "Process environment variables (process.env.API_URL and process.env.API_TOKEN), input data parameters such as URLs and configuration objects.",
  "sinks": "API calls made via the mockupGenerator's render method, console logs, and test assertions.",
  "flows": "Input data (including environment variables and user-provided URLs) are passed to the generator.render method, which likely makes network requests to external services; response data is logged and checked within the tests.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are evident; environment variables are used for sensitive data. No suspicious or unusual code behavior, such as dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hidden network activity, is detected. The code appears standard for a test suite.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a mockup generator module and creates an instance configured with environment variables for API URL and token, which are appropriate for security. The test cases invoke the render method with different input arrays, including URLs, to generate images or previews. The responses are logged and validated with expected properties and types. There are no signs of malicious code, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or secret leaks. The code structure is straightforward, and all environment variables are used properly without hardcoding secrets. No obfuscated code or dynamic evaluation is present. The overall design appears to be standard testing of an external API interface with no malicious intent or suspicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a test suite for a mockup generator library, with proper use of environment variables and no signs of malicious or suspicious behavior. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}