{
  "purpose": "A wrapper class 'Codec' that delegates encoding, decoding, and JSON serialization to an external module 'main.CodecJsObj', supporting initialization via data or JSON.",
  "sources": "Constructor calls 'main.CodecJsObj.apply' or 'applyJson' with user-provided attributes, data, or JSON; methods pass data directly to external functions.",
  "sinks": "External functions 'apply', 'applyJson', 'encode', 'decode', 'json' that process data; potential for untrusted data to influence external module behavior.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into 'apply'/'applyJson' during construction; 'encode'/'decode'/'json' methods forward data to external functions; external module processes data.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic invocation ('apply', 'applyJson') with user input could be risky if 'main' is malicious; no obfuscation or hardcoded secrets detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward wrapper that delegates core functionality to an external 'main' module. It supports multiple initialization methods and simple method forwarding. No internal malicious code, obfuscation, or suspicious control flow are present. The main concern is the trustworthiness of the external 'main' module, as it processes user-provided data via 'apply' and 'applyJson'. The code itself is benign, but if 'main' is malicious, it could execute harmful actions. The reliance on external functions makes the security posture dependent on the external module's integrity. The code does not contain network activity, file operations, or dynamic code execution internally. Overall, the code is a standard, non-obfuscated wrapper with minimal internal risk, but external dependency trust is critical.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, straightforward wrapper around an external codec module. No malicious code, obfuscation, or suspicious patterns are present within this snippet. The primary security concern is the trustworthiness of the external 'main' module, which could process untrusted data or contain malicious logic. Given the information, the internal code is safe, with a low malware likelihood and no obfuscation. The overall security risk is estimated at 0.2, reflecting reliance on external code. Proper validation and verification of the external module are recommended before deployment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}