{
  "purpose": "This code implements a function to solve cubic equations analytically, using mathematical formulas and complex number operations.",
  "sources": "Reads function parameters (a, b, c, d), imported modules (Complex.js, utils.js), and mathematical constants/functions like Math.PI, Math.sqrt.",
  "sinks": "Returns array of root objects with real and imaginary parts, performs calculations involving complex numbers, possibly outputs roots.",
  "flows": "Input parameters → mathematical computations → complex number operations via imported CPX → output roots.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Usage of complex number calculations is consistent with solving cubics; no unusual code structures or dynamic execution observed. No external network connections or file system access. No obfuscated code or code that performs unexpected actions.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with importing dependencies related to complex number operations and utility functions. It then defines a function to solve cubic equations, handling special cases when coefficients lead to simpler quadratic or linear solutions. The implementation uses mathematical formulas for cubic roots, including handling complex roots via the imported CPX module. Conditional branches handle different discriminant (Delta) cases, ensuring roots are calculated correctly. The code performs standard mathematical operations with no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, system commands, or backdoors. There are no hardcoded secrets or obfuscated parts that could indicate malicious intent. The structure appears typical for numerical root solving.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical utility for solving cubic equations, with no indications of malicious or sabotage behavior. It operates solely within mathematical domain logic, using imported libraries for complex numbers and utilities. No security risks or malware behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}