{
  "purpose": "The code provides Angular directives and components for selectable UI elements, enabling item selection within a defined frame, including features like multi-selection, filtering, and disabling text selection.",
  "sources": "Reads data from inputs such as 'select', 'filter', 'ensureSame', 'selectorColor'; accesses DOM elements via ElementRef; listens to mouse and scroll events; accesses window scroll position; reads attributes from DOM elements (e.g., 'allow-select').",
  "sinks": "Emits selected data via the EventEmitter 'data'; modifies DOM styles and attributes; manipulates class lists for selection indication; accesses document.elementFromPoint for event target analysis.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., 'select', 'filter') are used to determine selection behavior; mouse and scroll events trigger coordinate calculations and selection toggling; 'getData' retrieves selected data; 'determineSelected' processes which elements are within selection frame; 'toggle' and 'select' methods change element states and classes.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code structures detected. The code heavily relies on standard Angular and DOM APIs for UI interactions. No suspicious network activity, system modifications, or data exfiltration code observed. The code is complex but aligns with common UI selection components.",
  "analysis": "The code defines Angular directives and components for UI selection mechanics, including handling mouse events, calculating selection frames, toggling selection states, and filtering elements. It uses standard Angular APIs, DOM access, and event listeners without any indication of malicious behavior. No hidden network calls, cryptomining, or data exfiltration present. The code appears to implement a user interface feature for item selection with proper separation of concerns. The only potential concern is its reliance on DOM element attributes and event handling, which is standard for such UI components. No obfuscation or suspicious code patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate Angular implementation of a selectable UI component with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs standard operations for handling user selections within a frame. No malicious intent or security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}