{
  "purpose": "The code provides Angular directives and components for implementing a selection frame with multiple selectable items, allowing for visual selection, toggling, and filtering of items within a UI component.",
  "sources": "Code reads input properties like 'select', 'selectedClass', 'selectScope', 'filter', and user events such as mouse and scroll interactions. It also reads DOM elements and attributes to determine selection behavior.",
  "sinks": "It modifies DOM element styles and classes, emits selected data via an EventEmitter, and reads user input events for selection and continuation logic.",
  "flows": "User interactions (mouse down, move, up, scroll) act as sources. The selection frame coordinates are calculated and used to determine which directives are selected. Data is gathered and emitted via the 'data' EventEmitter. Style modifications are applied to visual elements.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are evident. No dynamic code evaluation, network communication, or obfuscated code present. Usage of standard Angular features and no external suspicious network activity is detected. The code contains typical selection logic with no malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of Angular directives and components managing user interactions for selection within a UI. It handles mouse events, DOM manipulations, style changes, and emits data. No network requests, file operations, or reverse shells are present. The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured UI selection library. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, hidden behaviors, or malicious flows are found. The overall purpose aligns with standard selection frame behavior, with no evidence of sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Angular UI component library for selection functionality. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. Its complexity is typical for such UI components, and there are no indicators of malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}