{
  "purpose": "The source code provides Angular directives and components for selectable UI elements within a frame, allowing users to click and drag to select multiple items. It facilitates user interaction with selectable elements by managing classes, coordinates, and selection state.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from properties such as 'select', 'selectedClass', 'selectScope', 'filter', 'ensureSame', 'selectorColor', and DOM events such as 'mousedown', 'mouseup', 'mousemove', 'scroll'. It also reads from the DOM via 'document.elementFromPoint' and 'getBoundingClientRect'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting CSS styles dynamically (e.g., background color, display, position), attaching event listeners, and emitting selection data via 'data.emit'. The code also accesses DOM elements and modifies classes and styles, which could be misused if manipulated maliciously.",
  "flows": "The typical flow involves reading user input events (mouse down, move, up), calculating selection frames, determining which elements are within the selection rectangle, toggling selection states, and emitting the selected data. Data flows from user interactions (sources) to DOM modifications and event emissions (sinks).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code employs standard Angular practices for directives and components. The only notable dynamic behavior involves styling and event handling, which is typical for a selection UI component. No obfuscated code or unusual language features detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines Angular directives and components for a selection framework, allowing users to select multiple elements visually. It manages DOM elements, user input events, and styles to provide interactive functionality. The event handling is standard, with zone management to optimize performance. No signs of malicious behavior, such as network communication, data theft, reverse shells, or hidden backdoors, are present. The data emitted pertains solely to the selection state. The style modifications and DOM queries are typical for UI interactions and do not indicate malicious intent. The code relies on standard Angular and DOM APIs, with no obfuscated or suspicious code constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign Angular UI selection component, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It facilitates user interaction for selecting DOM elements with no evidence of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware. Security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}