{
  "purpose": "The code implements a function for subtracting two unsigned arbitrary-precision decimal numbers, similar to the bc calculator.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the parameters 'a' and 'b', which contain number values, scales, and lengths. External functions 'createInfo' and 'removeLeadingZeroes' may also provide data.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to the 'result.value' array, which is generated by 'createInfo' and modified within the function. No external outputs or network operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input 'a' and 'b' are processed through arithmetic operations, with intermediate values stored in local variables and result arrays. Data flows from inputs through calculations to the output 'result' object.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of arbitrary-precision subtraction. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or suspicious dynamic code features are evident. No external network, file, or environment variable access is present. The 'common_1' import and function calls are standard for modular code.",
  "analysis": "The code performs high-precision subtraction using arrays for digit storage, handling different scales and lengths. It carefully manages borrows during subtraction, similar to traditional manual subtraction. No signs of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or backdoors are observed. The functions used are standard arithmetic operations and utility functions for managing big numbers. There are no signs of malware or suspicious code patterns. It appears as a legitimate implementation of a subtraction algorithm for decimal big numbers.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of arbitrary-precision subtraction. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious data flows, or anomalies. The logic is clear and consistent with typical big number arithmetic. Therefore, the overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}