{
  "purpose": "This code initializes and manages a JavaScript SDK for integrating Sajari search, recommendations, and user profiling functionalities into a webpage, including DOM manipulations, API interactions, and event handling.",
  "sources": "Reads include: document.URL, document.title, meta tags, DOM nodes with specific data-sj attributes, URL parameters, and user interactions such as clicks and key events.",
  "sinks": "API calls via api.pixel and api.search functions, DOM modifications for overlays and result rendering, console logs when debug is enabled, and setting global variables.",
  "flows": "User input or DOM nodes trigger functions like builtInSearch() or API.search() which send data to the API endpoints; profile and click data are collected and sent via pixel calls; DOM overlays and result rendering occur based on API responses; URL parameters influence auto-querying.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious anomalies, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors identified. Usage of external URLs (CSS, token endpoint) appears standard. No obfuscated or malicious code sequences detected. The code dynamically loads CSS, performs DOM scans, and manages profiles and API calls as expected for a search SDK.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes a Sajari SDK, setting up DOM event handlers for search input, buttons, and overlays. It captures page metadata, user clicks, and profile info, then sends these via API calls. The API calls and DOM modifications are standard for a search widget. No code injects untrusted scripts, exfiltrates data to unknown domains, or executes suspicious commands. External URLs used are for CDN and API endpoints, consistent with legitimate SDK usage. There are no indications of malicious backdoors, hidden data exfiltration, or obfuscated malicious sequences. The logic appears focused on search functionality, profiling, and recommendations. Overall, the code demonstrates proper implementation of a search SDK without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of a Sajari search and recommendation SDK. It collects user data, interacts with external APIs, and manipulates the DOM for search features. No malicious or sabotage behavior is evident, and all external interactions appear consistent with intended functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}