{
  "purpose": "This code reads a BVH motion capture file, processes it by deleting certain lines based on a specified rate to compress the data, and writes the modified content to an output file.",
  "sources": "The code reads the input file specified by 'source' parameter in _compress function via fs.readFile, and reads internal lines to identify and manipulate data.",
  "sinks": "The code writes the processed file to 'out.bvh' or a specified output path via fs.writeFile.",
  "flows": "Input source file -> readFile parsing lines -> conditional line deletion based on frame data -> modifies frame count and frame time -> writeFile output file.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. The code performs typical file read/write and line processing operations. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The only calculation involves file line manipulation for compression.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily handles reading a BVH file, parsing frame and timing information, and deleting certain frame lines to achieve compression based on a specified rate. The functions decimalToFraction and greatestCommonDivisor convert the rate to a fraction for line deletion logic. The code includes input validation for the rate parameter. No external network calls, system modifications, or data exfiltration are present. It appears to be a legitimate data processing script without malicious intent. There are no hidden or suspicious code patterns, no suspicious variable naming, or behaviors indicating malware. The overall flow is straightforward, with standard use of fs for file operations and no obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard file processing to compress BVH motion data by line deletion, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It appears to be a legitimate utility script with no security risks. The malware score is very low, and the security risk score is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}