{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React Native component called Speedometer for visualizing a speed or gauge value with customizable labels, styles, and needle images. Its primary purpose is UI rendering for speedometer-like gauges in mobile apps.",
  "sources": "Reads include the React Native Dimensions API for screen width, component props for values, styles, and images, and animation inputs via reactNative.Animated.Value.",
  "sinks": "The code updates animated values for visual rotation, uses prop inputs for rendering styles and images, and references external image resources. No data is sent over the network or stored locally within the code.",
  "flows": "Inputs like 'value', 'size', 'labels' flow into calculations of rotation degrees and label selection, then into animated interpolation for needle movement. The render function uses these flows to generate UI components.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior detected. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network activities. The code follows standard React Native patterns and style management. No obfuscated or dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes styles and constants, calculates degrees for gauge segments, limits input values, and performs size validation. It then creates a React component that manages animated needle movement based on input props. Rendering involves standard React Native Views, Images, and Animated elements. No external or internal behavior suggests malicious intent. It operates solely within UI rendering logic, with safe use of external resources. Overall, the code appears to be a straightforward gauge component with no security risks.",
  "conclusion": "This is a typical React Native UI component for a speedometer gauge. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are identified. The code is well-structured, with no anomalies or suspicious activities. It is safe for use in applications.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}