{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React Native Speedometer component, used for displaying a gauge or dial to represent a numerical value visually. It handles rendering, styling, and animation of the speedometer.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from component props such as 'value', 'size', 'labels', 'needleImage', and other style-related props.",
  "sinks": "Uses untrusted input (props) to influence visual output; however, no direct data leak, system modification, or external network activity occurs. No sensitive data is stored or transmitted.",
  "flows": "Input props (value, size, labels, images) are used to calculate animation and rendering parameters; these influence visual components but do not lead to data leaks or system modifications.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are detected. No obfuscation or suspicious dynamic code execution. No network calls or system modifications are present. Code appears consistent with standard React Native component implementation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React Native component that renders a speedometer gauge with animated needle movement based on input props. It performs calculations for positioning, limits values, and manages styling. No signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. It relies on standard React Native APIs and libraries. The only external dependency is the image used for the needle, which is a local require call. There are no dynamic evals, code injection points, or environment variable leaks. Overall, the code is a typical UI component without security risks or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React Native speedometer component with no malicious behavior or security risks detected. It does not perform any suspicious actions such as network communication or data theft. The code appears safe and appropriate for its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}