{
  "purpose": "Enhances markdown code blocks by adding titles based on query parameters embedded in the language string, inserting corresponding HTML elements into the AST.",
  "sources": "Reads 'node.lang' for language and parameters; accesses 'markdownAST.children' for insertion points.",
  "sinks": "Constructs HTML strings with 'title' and other parameters directly from input, inserting into the AST.",
  "flows": "Parses 'node.lang' to extract 'title' and options; creates HTML node with 'title'; inserts before code node; updates 'node.lang' with remaining parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation or suspicious code; potential HTML injection risk due to lack of sanitization of user-controlled input used in HTML output.",
  "analysis": "The code traverses markdown AST nodes, identifies code blocks with language strings containing query parameters, extracts a 'title', and inserts an HTML node displaying that title. It then updates the language string to remove the title parameter. The implementation uses standard libraries ('unist-util-visit' and 'query-string') and performs straightforward AST manipulation. The primary security concern is that the 'title' and other parameters are embedded directly into HTML without sanitization, risking HTML injection if malicious input is provided. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The malware score is appropriately 0; the obfuscated score is 0. The security risk score is low (~0.2), reflecting the injection potential. Overall, the code is legitimate and purpose-driven, with a known vector for HTML injection if inputs are untrusted. To mitigate this, sanitization should be applied to user inputs before HTML insertion.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs intended AST modifications safely in structure but poses a potential HTML injection risk due to unsanitized user-controlled input embedded into HTML strings. No malware or obfuscation is detected. The current scores (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: ~0.2) are appropriate given the context. Implementing input sanitization would further reduce security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}