{
  "purpose": "The code implements a jsPsych plugin called 'pipe' for saving experiment data to an external server (pipe.jspsych.org), handling different data formats and retrieving conditions, to facilitate data management during experiments.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include: trial parameters (experiment_id, action, filename, data_string), and fetch responses from external API endpoints. Data is read from parameters and external server responses.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks occur if untrusted or sensitive data (such as data_string) is sent unencrypted. External API calls (fetch to pipe.jspsych.org) are sinks that transmit data over the network. The code does not appear to process untrusted input in a way that leads to code injection or command execution.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (trial data) are used to determine which API call to make (save, saveBase64, getCondition). Data from parameters flows into fetch request bodies, which send data to external server endpoints. Responses are processed and stored in the trial data, then passed to jsPsych.finishTrial.",
  "anomalies": "The code makes external network requests with data derived from parameters without additional validation or encryption. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are detected. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is present. The data is sent via POST requests to known URLs. No suspicious or malicious logic is evident, but external data transmission is a privacy concern if sensitive data is involved.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a data management plugin for jsPsych, utilizing fetch API for network communication. It properly structures request bodies, handles responses, and manages error scenarios. No evidence of malicious intent such as data theft, backdoors, or unauthorized system access is present. Its main security consideration is that data is transmitted over HTTPS, but any sensitive data should be validated and secured on the server side. The code does not contain any obfuscated or malicious code segments.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate plugin designed for data saving and condition retrieval via external API calls. It does not demonstrate malicious behavior or security risks beyond normal network data transmission, which could be a privacy concern but not malicious per se. No indicators of malware or sabotage are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}