{
  "purpose": "This code implements a jsPsych plugin that handles data saving and retrieval for experiments using the pipe.jspsych.org service. It manages data uploads, base64 data saving, and condition retrieval via API calls, and displays a loading spinner during these operations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'trial' object parameters (experiment_id, filename, data_string, action), and fetch responses from remote API endpoints (https://pipe.jspsych.org/api/data/, /base64/, /condition/). It also reads the display_element's innerHTML to show progress messages.",
  "sinks": "The fetch API is used to send data to remote endpoints; the data payloads include experiment IDs, filenames, and data strings or base64 data. The data is sent as JSON in POST requests. The code does not directly write to local files or execute code from untrusted sources.",
  "flows": "Data from input parameters (trial object) is used to construct JSON payloads sent via fetch to API endpoints for saving data or retrieving conditions. The responses are parsed and stored in 'result', which is then returned and passed to jsPsych's finishTrial method.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses standard fetch API calls and proper error handling. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The only notable feature is the ability to send experiment data to an external server, which could be a privacy concern if misused, but does not indicate malicious behavior in itself.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a jsPsych plugin that performs network operations to save data or retrieve experiment conditions through API calls. The API endpoints are fixed and documented, with no dynamic or suspicious URLs. Data is sent as JSON, and responses are processed normally. The code manages progress display and handles success/failure cases gracefully. There is no obfuscation, suspicious dynamic code execution, or hidden functionalities. The API interactions could potentially leak participant data if misused, but this is part of its intended purpose rather than malicious intent. No malware or malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate jsPsych plugin designed for experiment data management via a third-party service. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or suspicious code. The primary concern is data privacy, but this does not constitute malicious activity. Overall, the code is safe for its intended function.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}