{
  "purpose": "This source code provides functions for browser-side syntax highlighting and pretty printing of code contained in HTML elements, supporting multiple programming languages and embedded source code.",
  "sources": "The code reads innerHTML of elements with class 'prettyprint' or 'prettyprinted', DOM nodes such as <pre>, <code>, <xmp>, and their child nodes, as well as language extension attributes and class names.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates DOM nodes by replacing or wrapping text and elements with styled <span> elements, and extracts source code text from DOM nodes. It also potentially modifies class names and styles for syntax highlighting.",
  "flows": "Source code is extracted from DOM nodes; then language-specific lexers analyze and generate decoration lists; decorations are then applied to DOM nodes to produce styled code. In particular, innerHTML is set during prettyPrintOne, and DOM nodes are created or modified during styling.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network activity is present. The code is complex, but all operations are consistent with syntax highlighting functionality. There are no hidden or obfuscated code segments. All operations are DOM manipulations or string processing related to code styling.",
  "analysis": "The code implements syntax highlighting by lexing source code into tokens based on language-specific patterns, then wrapping tokens with styled <span> elements. It includes functions for extracting source from DOM nodes, breaking lines, numbering lines, and applying styles. It registers multiple language handlers for different file extensions, and supports embedding source code within HTML. There is no indication of network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious code injection. The code relies solely on DOM manipulations and string processing for rendering styled code. No suspicious anomalies, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated logic are detected. The code appears to be a legitimate syntax highlighting library intended for safe use in browsers.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a syntax highlighting and pretty printing library for browsers, with no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It performs DOM manipulations and string processing only for styling purposes. The malware score is very low, and security risk is negligible. Confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}