{
  "purpose": "The code provides browser-side functions for syntax highlighting and pretty printing of source code embedded in HTML, supporting multiple programming languages and integrating with HTML DOM elements.",
  "sources": "Reads HTML content from <pre>, <code>, and <xmp> elements, extracts source code from DOM nodes, and accesses class attributes for language detection and line numbering.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM nodes by wrapping source code segments in <span> elements with style classes, replacing text nodes, and inserting <ol> and <li> elements for line numbering; also reads class attributes for configuration.",
  "flows": "Extracts source code from DOM, applies language-specific lexers to generate decoration styles, and updates DOM nodes with styled spans and line numbers, based on class attributes and inner HTML content.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious hardcoded secrets identified. The code uses extensive dynamic DOM manipulation and pattern matching; however, these are consistent with syntax highlighting logic and do not exhibit malicious intent. No external network connections, data exfiltration, or suspicious code injection routines detected. The code is well-structured for syntax highlighting without hidden or malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive syntax highlighting utility designed for browser environments. It begins with license and purpose comments, then defines keyword lists for various languages, token styles, and functions for pattern matching and DOM manipulation. Key functions extract source code from DOM nodes, apply language-specific lexers, and reinsert styled code. There are no signs of data leakage, network activity, or obfuscation; the code relies on pattern matching and DOM updates for presentation. The use of dynamic DOM modifications and extensive pattern matching aligns with typical syntax highlighters, and no malicious behaviors such as network connections, data theft, or backdoors are present. Overall, the code is a benign syntax highlighting tool with no indication of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a browser-side syntax highlighter that manipulates DOM elements to style source code snippets. It does not contain malicious behavior, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious network activity. The code is well-structured for its purpose and appears safe. Confidence in this conclusion is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}