{
  "purpose": "This source code provides functions for browser-side pretty printing of code contained within HTML documents, supporting multiple programming languages and embedded syntax highlighting.",
  "sources": "The code reads source code snippets embedded in HTML elements such as <pre>, <code>, and <xmp>. It accesses DOM nodes, class names, and innerHTML of elements, including text nodes and element attributes.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include modifications to DOM nodes (innerHTML, nodeValue, replaceChild, insertBefore), creation of new DOM elements, and application of CSS classes for syntax highlighting, which could be exploited if malicious input is embedded in the source code or HTML.",
  "flows": "Sources such as innerHTML and nodeValue feed into lexing and tokenization functions. Tokens and decorations are processed and then written back into the DOM via node replacements and appending new styled elements. The code also reads class attributes to determine language extensions. Malicious data could flow from embedded HTML content into DOM manipulations.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. It includes extensive DOM manipulation and syntax highlighting logic, but no obfuscated or suspicious code segments. No dynamic code execution or network communication is present. It does, however, rely heavily on DOM interactions, which could be manipulated if malicious HTML is inserted.",
  "analysis": "The script is designed for syntax highlighting in browsers. It includes functions for lexing code in various languages, extracting code from HTML nodes, and applying styles. The lexer functions use regex patterns to tokenize code, and the DOM manipulation functions replace text nodes with styled spans. No external network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. It operates solely within the browser environment for client-side rendering. The code is complex but appears focused on syntax highlighting and formatting, with no indicators of malicious intent. The only potential security concern is if malicious code is embedded within the source HTML content itself, but this is inherent to any client-side rendering of untrusted content, not specific to this script.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive syntax highlighting library for browsers, with no explicit malicious behavior or sabotage. Its extensive DOM manipulation could pose a security risk if untrusted input is processed, but the code itself does not contain malware or security flaws. Its malware score is low, with no indicators of malicious intent. Security risk score is also low, assuming trusted input. Confidence in these findings is high.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}