{
  "purpose": "This code provides browser-side syntax highlighting and code formatting functionalities for various programming languages, primarily used for prettifying code snippets embedded in HTML pages.",
  "sources": "The code reads HTML DOM elements such as <pre>, <code>, and <xmp> tags with specific class names like 'prettyprint' and language extensions, extracting inner HTML and text nodes for processing.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates DOM nodes by inserting <span> elements with style classes, replacing text nodes with formatted versions, and appending processed nodes back into the DOM. No untrusted data is directly sent over network connections.",
  "flows": "Input HTML code from DOM elements is extracted via extractSourceSpans; then, sourceDecorator applies language-specific lexers to generate decoration lists; finally, recombineTagsAndDecorations inject styled spans back into DOM nodes.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code is complex but primarily a syntax highlighter. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious network activity is detected. It does include extensive language pattern matching, but these are for formatting, not malicious purposes. No obfuscated code or hidden functions are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive syntax highlighting library for web pages, focusing on parsing code snippets, applying language-specific tokenization, and DOM manipulation for styling. It extracts source code from DOM nodes, processes them via regex-based lexers, and reinserts styled spans. No external network requests, data exfiltration, or malicious commands are evident. The code operates within DOM and JavaScript scope, with no indications of sabotage or malware. The presence of extensive language lexers and DOM handling is consistent with a syntax highlighting tool. The code does not include dynamic code execution beyond regex processing, nor does it manipulate system files or environment variables. No malicious signals or backdoors are apparent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a syntax highlighting utility for client-side use, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs DOM extraction, regex-based lexing, and DOM reinsertion for code formatting. It appears to be a legitimate open-source library for code prettification without malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}