{
  "purpose": "This code overrides the global fetch function to monitor and log network requests for analytics purposes, capturing request and response details.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from global scope (globalScope.fetch), input URL (input), init object for method and headers, and response headers. It also reads error information if fetch fails.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable sink is the overridden global fetch, which intercepts all fetch calls. Data from fetch responses and errors are captured and passed to a callback, which could be exploited if misused.",
  "flows": "Input URL and request details flow from the fetch invocation to the wrapper. Response headers, status, and errors flow back through notifyEvent for logging or further processing.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically replaces the global fetch method without clear safeguards, which could be exploited if the original fetch is tampered with or if the callback exposes sensitive data. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code are present. No suspicious network endpoints or malicious behavior are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is designed to monitor network requests by monkey-patching the global fetch function. It captures request method, URL, headers, response status, headers, and errors, then invokes a callback with this data. This is a standard analytics pattern. It properly restores the original fetch on stop. No malicious intent or harmful behavior is observed. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The code does not perform any data exfiltration or malicious actions. It simply intercepts and logs fetch requests.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a monitoring utility that overrides the global fetch to log network activity for analytics purposes. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration. The code is a standard pattern for network request observation without harmful intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}