{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React-based CAPTCHA component that fetches CAPTCHA data and verifies user responses through specified API endpoints or functions.",
  "sources": "fetchCaptcha and fetchVerification functions which perform fetch requests to provided URLs or execute functions for CAPTCHA creation and verification.",
  "sinks": "The fetch calls within fetchCaptcha and fetchVerification where data is sent to or received from external servers; callback function upon successful verification.",
  "flows": "Data flows from fetchCaptcha or custom create function to fetchVerification or custom verify function, then the response and trail are sent to API endpoints or functions for verification. The verification result affects state updates and callback invocation.",
  "anomalies": "Use of string URLs ('captcha/create' and 'captcha/verify') for CAPTCHA creation and verification, but these are standard API endpoints, not inherently suspicious. No hardcoded credentials or unusual code patterns. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation present. The code adheres to common React and fetch API patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a React component that manages CAPTCHA verification by fetching CAPTCHA challenges and verifying responses via customizable endpoints or functions. The code structure is standard, with no evidence of malicious payloads, backdoors, or data leaks. The fetch functions include credentials: 'include', which is typical for session-based authentication. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious external calls are present. The overall design appears focused on CAPTCHA functionality without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React CAPTCHA component with configurable API endpoints or functions. There is no indication of malicious behavior, malware, or supply chain attacks. The code follows common patterns and does not exhibit obfuscation or suspicious data handling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}