{
  "purpose": "The code fetches AWS EC2 pricing data either from a URL or a local file, parses the response, filters for Linux compute instances, and generates a mapping of instance types to prices, with additional functions for price formatting and calculation.",
  "sources": "Reading input data from a URL via 'request' library or from a file via 'fs.readFile'. No external untrusted input is explicitly processed beyond these data sources.",
  "sinks": "Data processing occurs in JSON parsing, object manipulation, and output of the final mapping. No data is sent externally other than the data passed to callbacks, and no network transmissions other than fetching data from a specified URL.",
  "flows": "Input data (URL or file) flows into 'getResponse', then into 'parseResponse', then to 'createMapping', and further into 'formatMap' and 'calculatePrice' functions for processing. No external data is transmitted beyond the initial fetch.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code performs straightforward data fetch and parsing. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or hidden backdoors. Usage of 'throw new Error' for error handling is standard. The code does not contain any suspicious code patterns, malicious network calls, or privacy violations.",
  "analysis": "The script fetches AWS pricing data, parses relevant Linux compute instances, and constructs a mapping of instance types to their prices, with optional price adjustments. No network connections or data leaks occur beyond fetching data from a specified URL. No suspicious or malicious behavior detected. Functions are standard and perform expected data processing. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for processing AWS EC2 pricing data without any malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It handles data responsibly without exposing or transmitting sensitive information. No signs of malware or security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}