{
  "purpose": "This code manages a cryptocurrency portfolio, performing calculations for allocation, offsets, value updates, and trade suggestions based on current market data.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from external modules ('get-crypto-fiat-values') and input parameters such as portfolio object, current market prices, and trading values.",
  "sinks": "It outputs logs to the console and updates portfolio values internally. No direct data leaks or external system modifications are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external market data API responses into portfolio value updates, then through calculation functions for allocation and trade determination, and finally outputs logs.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive minified and obfuscated-looking boilerplate code (__awaiter, __generator), but this is typical for transpiled code. No suspicious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or hidden behaviors are apparent. No obfuscated or unusual language features are present beyond transpilation artifacts.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation for portfolio management, including calculations for current allocation, offsets, and trade suggestions, with external API calls for live market data. It employs standard JavaScript constructs and well-defined functions. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network communication beyond legitimate API calls, or system modification. The inclusion of dependencies is explicit and without unusual patterns. No suspicious code patterns, hidden logic, or security breaches are evident. The minified artifacts are typical transpilation artifacts and do not suggest obfuscation or malware. Overall, the code performs legitimate portfolio management functions with no malicious intent or security risks identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard portfolio management module with no evidence of malicious behavior, security risks, or obfuscation. It is safe based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}