{
  "purpose": "This code implements a client for interacting with a trading or market data API, providing methods for fetching data, creating orders, managing API keys, and handling user-specific actions.",
  "sources": "Reads include constructor parameters (host, signer, creds), environment variables, and function inputs such as order details and parameters for API requests.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe sinks involve network requests (GET, POST, DELETE), especially when passing unvalidated input data such as order details, parameters, and payloads to API endpoints. Sensitive data like API keys and secrets are used in header creation but are handled internally.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data flows from user input (order details, parameters) into API request payloads and headers. For example, order creation and cancellation functions build requests using user-provided objects and parameters, which are then sent over the network.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears well-structured, with standard API request patterns. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are visible. The use of external modules for headers and utilities is typical. There is no indication of code obfuscation, malicious data exfiltration, or unusual dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a straightforward API client with various methods for data retrieval, order management, and account operations. All network requests include the geo_block_token parameter, and sensitive data like API keys and secrets are managed internally, not hardcoded. No suspicious data leaks, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are present. The code follows standard practices for API interaction. No anomalous or malicious patterns detected; it appears intended for legitimate use.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API client library with no evident malicious behavior. It manages API interactions securely, uses internal data for authentication, and does not include any suspicious or malicious code segments. Overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}