{
  "purpose": "This code defines a class 'MatchCalculationData' that processes match data, scales opponent information for Glicko-2 rating calculations, and computes the expected result and rating deviation functions. It facilitates rating updates based on match outcomes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'match' and 'player' objects passed to the constructor, specifically 'match.opponent', 'match.score', and 'player.rating'. It also accesses imported functions and modules for scaling and calculations.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially originate from 'match' or 'player' objects, but in this context, they are internal data structures. No external sinks such as network calls, file writes, or data leaks are present.",
  "flows": "Input data ('match.opponent', 'match.score', 'player.rating') flows into scaling functions and calculation functions ('g', 'E'), then results are stored in class properties. The data flow is internal and purely computational.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, suspicious code, or unusual behaviors are present. The code is straightforward, with standard object construction and function calls. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a 'Match' object with scaled opponent data, computes the Glicko-2 'g' function based on opponent's rating deviation, and calculates the expected score 'E' using the opponent's and player's ratings. It performs standard rating system calculations without external interactions or suspicious logic. The code is clear, well-structured, and implements typical rating calculation steps. No anomalies or malicious behaviors are evident, and the imported functions appear to be standard Glicko-2 components.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard implementation of Glicko-2 rating calculations. It performs straightforward data transformations and mathematical computations without any malicious intent, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The assessments in the provided reports are accurate and consistent with the code's nature.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}