{
  "purpose": "The code implements a string encoding or obfuscation utility, converting input strings into emojis, symbols, or encoded characters based on character mappings. Its primary function appears to be visual or data encoding rather than malicious activity.",
  "sources": "Reads input string 'j' for encoding; uses internal character maps 'g' and 'h' for character lookup.",
  "sinks": "No external data sinks, network requests, or data exfiltration points are present in the code.",
  "flows": "Input string 'j' flows through character mapping functions, transforming each character into an emoji or symbol via source-to-sink mapping, then concatenated into the output string.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation with hex-encoded strings, dynamic function definitions, and complex variable naming. No malicious payloads or suspicious network activity detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily obfuscated, employing hex strings and dynamic lookups to encode input data into emojis or symbols. The main function 'i' validates input, then maps each character through character maps 'g' or 'h' depending on the mode. No network activity, data exfiltration, or system modifications are evident. The obfuscation appears to serve purposes of concealment or visual encoding rather than malicious intent. The heavy obfuscation warrants caution but does not indicate malicious behavior. The code's purpose is benign, serving as an encoding utility, with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a heavily obfuscated string encoding utility, with no evidence of malicious activity or security risks. The obfuscation level is high, but the functionality appears benign. The current malware score should remain at 0, with a low security risk score (~0.2), and a high obfuscation score (~0.85). The analysis aligns with the provided reports, which correctly identify the benign nature of the code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}