{
  "purpose": "This code demonstrates the usage of the SensibleFT library to perform blockchain transactions such as genesis creation, issuing tokens, transferring tokens, and querying balances.",
  "sources": "Reads WIFs (wallet private keys), addresses, network selection, token parameters, and transaction details from variables and function arguments.",
  "sinks": "Executes blockchain transactions (genesis, issue, transfer), retrieves balances, and logs output to the console.",
  "flows": "Private keys (sources) are used as input to signing transactions (sinks). Transaction functions call external blockchain APIs or modules, which then perform on-chain operations or fetch data. Data flows from inputs (keys, addresses, amounts) through the library functions to network interactions.",
  "anomalies": "Hardcoded private keys (WIFs) for CoffeeShop, Alice, Bob; usage of test/private network credentials; no validation or sanitization of input data; no obvious malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The private keys are static and embedded in code, which is security concern but not malicious per se.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a straightforward implementation of blockchain token operations via the SensibleFT library. It uses hardcoded private keys for wallet access, which is insecure for production but not inherently malicious. No code injection, external network communication beyond standard blockchain transactions, or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration or backdoors are evident. The private keys being hardcoded indicates poor security practice, but does not suggest malicious intent. The functions perform expected blockchain actions like creating tokens, issuing, transferring, and querying balances. No obfuscated code or unusual code constructs are present. The structure is standard and procedural.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign script for blockchain token management with hardcoded credentials. While insecure for production, it does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or suspicious network activity. The main security concern is the use of hardcoded private keys, which could lead to key theft if exposed, but this is a security weakness rather than malware or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 1
}