{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for handling encrypted 'darlene' files, including creation, parsing, reading, writing, and metadata display.",
  "sources": "File system reads (fs.readFileSync), buffer manipulations, path handling, cryptographic metadata extraction and creation.",
  "sinks": "Console logs (console.log) displaying cryptographic parameters; file writes (fs.writeFileSync).",
  "flows": "Read file -> parse buffer -> extract metadata -> log or process data; create buffer from metadata -> write file.",
  "anomalies": "Potential exposure of cryptographic parameters via logs; minor regex issue in GetExt function; lack of input validation for external data.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of utility functions for managing a proprietary encrypted file format. It performs file I/O, buffer handling, and metadata parsing/creation. No network activity, dynamic code execution, or obfuscation is present. The logs display cryptographic details, which could be sensitive if exposed publicly, but this is typical for debugging. The regex in GetExt may not correctly remove null bytes, but this is a minor bug, not malicious. The functions assume correct input formats and do not validate external data, which could be a security concern but not malicious. Overall, the code is straightforward, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. The assigned malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score of 0.2 is appropriate, considering potential info leakage in logs. The code appears safe and legitimate for its purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured utility for managing encrypted 'darlene' files. No malicious activity or sabotage is detected. The main security consideration is the exposure of cryptographic parameters via logs, which should be managed carefully. The low malware and obfuscation scores are justified; the low risk score reflects minimal security concerns primarily related to info exposure and input validation. Overall, the supply chain risk is low, and the code is safe when used properly.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}