{
  "purpose": "The code registers A-Frame components for proximity and compass sensors used in virtual environments, likely for interaction based on proximity and orientation.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user interactions via sensors, scene loading events, and target entities within the A-Frame scene. The code reads component data such as 'distance', 'target', and rotational bounds.",
  "sinks": "The code emits custom events ('proximityenter', 'proximityexit', 'compass-sensor-enter', 'compass-sensor-leave') based on sensor detection logic. It also logs information to the console, which is benign.",
  "flows": "Input from sensor data or scene state triggers conditional logic that leads to event emissions, updating internal state, and console logging. No data flows directly to external systems or network activities.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The code performs sensor detection and event emission using standard A-Frame practices. The console logs are for debugging purposes and do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines A-Frame components for proximity and compass sensors, using standard Three.js and A-Frame APIs to measure distances and rotations. It emits custom events upon detecting proximity or orientation changes, which are typical for interaction handling. The code includes no network communication, data exfiltration, or obfuscated/malicious code segments. The only minor concern could be extensive console logging, but this is common during development and not malicious. No hidden or malicious code constructs are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to implement legitimate sensor-based interaction components for virtual environments. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. The logic is standard for sensor detection and event management in A-Frame, with no suspicious or malicious activities identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}