{
  "purpose": "This code provides a flexible event-driven framework called Warden that supports extension with constructors, objects, and arrays, enabling event emission, listening, unlistening, and pattern matching for event names. It also includes some security-related methods for extending objects with conflict resolution.",
  "sources": "User-defined constructors, objects, and arrays that extend Warden; emit functions; event listeners; configuration options in the Pork class.",
  "sinks": "Emit functions (e.g., this.emit), event listeners (this.listen), unlistening methods (this.unlisten), pattern matching for events (regex-based listen).",
  "flows": "Data is read from input objects or event payloads in emit functions; event names or patterns are used to route data to listeners; listeners process data and may emit further events or modify internal state.",
  "anomalies": "No malicious or suspicious code patterns observed; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or data leaks; code structure aligns with event-driven framework. The test code involves standard event handling and extension patterns without malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code implements an event-driven architecture allowing extensions via constructors, objects, or arrays. It manages event registration, emission, and unregistration, supporting regex-based event names. The security check focused on identifying any suspicious activities such as code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors. No such activities are present. The code is well-structured, uses standard patterns, and lacks obfuscated or malicious code snippets. The only potential concern could be the flexible extension mechanism that, if misused, could allow overwriting functions, but this is mitigated by the conflict resolution logic. Overall, the code appears safe and does not contain malware or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate event management library with robust extension and pattern-matching features. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided code. No malware, backdoors, or data leaks are evident. The framework appears secure within its intended scope.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}