{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component library for styled elements using the Onda framework, supporting polymorphic components, style variants, and JSX factory functions.",
  "sources": "Imports from React, '@vtex/admin-core', '@vtex/onda-util', '@emotion/is-prop-valid'; internal functions and constants; all code segments that perform data processing or DOM element creation.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe places include the creation of React elements with user-supplied props, particularly in the _jsx function where 'props' are used to generate React components; usage of 'props' directly in React.createElement calls without strict validation; merging of styles and options that may include untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from component props through functions like useStylesheet and extractVariantStyles, potentially combining untrusted styles or variant selections; these are then applied to React elements via _jsx, which constructs JSX components with merged properties.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors present. The code employs standard React patterns and style management. There are no unusual or obfuscated code segments; the functions follow typical style-variant merging and component composition. Use of Symbols for internal properties appears safe. No suspicious network calls or file operations are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs styled React components with polymorphic behavior, using functions like _jsx and tag to generate elements with dynamic styles and options. It imports well-known libraries and uses standard React patterns, including forwardRef and memo. The style extraction and merging functions process style variants and sync data, but do not involve any external input sources or untrusted data streams that could be exploited. The merging of styles and options is confined within the library scope, with no evident code injection, network activity, or data exfiltration. The internal symbols and utility functions are standard practice for internal state management, not malicious. There are no signs of obfuscation or hidden code intent. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate component library focused on styled React components, with no malicious or sabotage indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard React component library implementation for styled components using the Onda framework. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It processes data internally and in a controlled manner, with no evidence of sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}