{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of React-based utility functions and components for creating styled, polymorphic UI elements with support for themes and variants, primarily for a design system or component library.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input props, such as 'props', 'props.as', 'props.children', 'props.csx', 'props.className', and style/variant configurations like 'stylesheet' and 'variants'. It also reads external dependencies like 'react', '@vtex/admin-core', '@vtex/onda-util', and '@emotion/is-prop-valid'.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe sinks include React.createElement calls that pass props, especially if any untrusted data influences element attributes or styles. The code merges style objects and applies className generation, which could be misused if malicious input influences style properties or class names.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input props (source) into style merging and property filtering functions, then into React.createElement (sink). Variants and style configurations influence the final properties passed to elements/components.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are detected. The code performs standard style and component composition functions. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or system modifications are present. The only potential concern could be if malicious data is injected into style or className parameters, but these are typical for styling libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React utility library for creating styled, polymorphic components with variant support. It imports dependencies and defines functions for generating styled JSX elements, handling styles, and managing component options and stylesheets. The functions use safe merging and filtering of props, with proper filtering of invalid HTML attributes via 'isPropValid'. No network calls, file modifications, or malicious code patterns are present. The code structure and logic are consistent with a standard component library, with no signs of obfuscated or malicious code segments. All functions operate within React's rendering context and do not perform side effects beyond rendering.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a well-structured React utility for styled components with no indications of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It follows standard practices for style merging, component polymorphism, and property sanitization. No malware or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}