{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React-based JSX element factory and utility functions for styling components with a system called 'onda'. It manages component creation, styling, and polymorphism, primarily to facilitate styled React components.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from component props, including 'as', 'csx', 'className', and style variants. Uses imported modules to process and manipulate data.",
  "sinks": "Places where untrusted data could affect DOM elements via props like 'className', 'style', or other HTML attributes. No explicit data leaks or network communications are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props through functions like 'useStylesheet' and 'cleanProps', resulting in React element creation. Styles and options are merged and applied via className and other props.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. No use of eval, Function constructor, or dynamic code execution. Code appears to be well-structured for component styling without malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code focuses on creating styled React components with a flexible system for variants and polymorphism. It imports trusted libraries such as React, '@vtex/admin-core', and '@vtex/onda-util'. Functions like '_jsx', 'useStylesheet', and 'cleanProps' handle styling and property sanitation securely. No signs of obfuscated code, network communication, or malicious payloads are present. The code does not contain any suspicious patterns like dynamic code execution, hidden backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The functions are well-commented and follow standard practices for component styling libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a React styling utility library for component creation and styling management. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, malware, or security risks based on its current content. It is a standard, safe module for styling React components with no evidence of supply chain attacks or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}