{
  "purpose": "This code appears to facilitate creating and exporting Anki decks from video and subtitle files, including functionalities for splitting audio and processing subtitles, and generating the deck files with media and metadata.",
  "sources": "User inputs (file paths, options), subtitle files, video files, environment variables for temp directories, external modules for file and network operations.",
  "sinks": "File system for saving .apkg files, media files, database operations for storing deck data, network operations if any (not explicitly shown but possible through modules), console logs for output.",
  "flows": "User inputs → subtitle and video processing functions → database operations for deck data → media file handling → deck creation and saving.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. The code is heavily modularized and focused on deck creation, with normal library usage. No obfuscated code or hidden functions are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script uses several modules to parse subtitles, split audio, and generate Anki decks. It reads user input parameters, processes subtitle files, splits audio accordingly, and constructs Anki-compatible database files with associated media. The operations involve file system interactions, subprocess calls to ffmpeg for media processing, and database writes for deck structure. No signs of malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or system sabotage are evident. The modules used are common in media and data processing. The flow is consistent with a legitimate deck generation tool. The code structure appears standard without obfuscation or malicious obfuscation techniques.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate tool for creating Anki decks from video and subtitle files. There are no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. The dependencies and operations are typical for such functionality. Overall, the code is safe based on the provided fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}