{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define a helper class for visualizing skeletons and bones in a 3D scene using three.js. It creates visual elements like dots and lines to represent bones and their connections.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the skeleton object passed into the WiggleRigHelper constructor, specifically the skeleton.bones and their properties (positions, world positions). It also reads options for customization and uses three.js imported modules.",
  "sinks": "The code sets matrices for InstancedMesh objects (dots and lines) for rendering, and updates their instance matrices based on skeleton bone positions, which are used to visualize the skeleton.",
  "flows": "The code takes skeleton bone data as input (sources), computes world positions, and updates instance matrices of visual mesh instances (sinks) accordingly, particularly in the onBeforeRender callback functions.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, suspicious network activity, or malicious code are present. The shaders and material definitions are typical for visual effects. The code primarily performs visualization without external network calls or file operations.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class for visualizing skeleton bones using three.js, utilizing instanced meshes for dots and lines. It reads skeleton data (sources) to position these visual elements, updating their matrices before each render. No suspicious or malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or hidden backdoors are detected. Shader code is standard for rendering effects, and no dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present. The only potential concern might be if skeleton data is manipulated externally, but that is part of expected input handling. Overall, the code is focused on visualization with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard visualization helper for skeletons in three.js, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It reads skeleton data, updates visual representations accordingly, and uses typical shaders. No malware or security risks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}