{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a minified JavaScript bundle primarily used for a React-based widget, likely for a rating control component in a content management system or UI framework.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from React component properties, environment variables, and DOM elements. It also references window and document objects for DOM manipulation and styling.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to DOM styles and creates React elements. No direct data leaks or system commands are evident. It does not perform network requests, file modifications, or execute system commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props and DOM inputs into React component rendering. No evidence of untrusted data flow leading to vulnerabilities like injection or data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified, but it consists of typical React component definitions, style injection, and source mapping references. No suspicious hard-coded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behavior are detected. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated logic beyond standard minification.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard minified React component bundle implementing a rating slider widget with styled inputs and output components. It includes style injection, React component definitions, and source maps. The structure is consistent with a React widget, with no indications of malicious behavior, data leakage, or sabotage. The code does not perform network requests, system modifications, or use environment variables insecurely. The minification is consistent with standard production React bundles. No anomalies or suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a typical React-based UI component bundle with no malicious intent or security risks. It is a standard minified production script for a rating control widget. No signs of malware, sabotage, or security vulnerabilities are detected within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}