{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a bundled JavaScript module, likely part of a React-based widget or UI component, specifically a rating control with a preview and a range input.",
  "sources": "Reads data from DOM elements, environment variables, and possibly URL inputs during runtime (though not explicitly evident from static code).",
  "sinks": "Manipulation of DOM elements, creation of style tags, source maps, and React component rendering; no direct data leak or network transmission observed in this static snippet.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user input in range sliders to React component states; no evidence of data being sent externally or affecting system files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code structures are visible. The code includes source map references, minified React code, style injection, and React component definitions, which are typical for UI components. No suspicious URL connections, system commands, or external data transmission mechanisms are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified React component bundle that defines UI controls for ratings and previews. It includes style injection, React prop type validation, and environment checks. The structure and features are consistent with legitimate UI widget code. No signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior are present. The presence of source maps and minified React code is standard for production build artifacts. All observed features are consistent with standard UI widget functionality. No anomalies or malicious patterns are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a typical React-based UI component bundle for a rating widget. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The code appears to be a legitimate part of a UI library or widget, with no evidence of malware or malicious data flows.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}