{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define a mathematical library or utility functions for precise arithmetic operations and calculations, including rounding, powers, and complex expressions, primarily for numeric computation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from function parameters and internal variables. No external input sources such as user input, network requests, or environment variables are explicitly used.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks that handle untrusted data leading to potential data leaks or system effects, such as network requests, file writes, or environment variable accesses.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves data passing through function arguments into arithmetic operations and error handling mechanisms. No suspicious source-to-sink flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains highly complex, heavily nested, and possibly minified or obfuscated code sections, but this appears to be a standard library implementation rather than malicious obfuscation. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network calls are observed. No dynamic code execution or suspicious URL/domains are present.",
  "analysis": "The code consists predominantly of mathematical and type validation utilities, error handling, and complex arithmetic operations. It defines classes and functions for managing numeric calculations, with detailed validation and error reporting. The structure appears consistent with a high-precision math library, with no indications of malicious activities such as data exfiltration, network communication, or system sabotage. The presence of minified-like code segments is typical for distribution of libraries and does not suggest obfuscation for malicious intent. Overall, the code demonstrates complexity typical for utility libraries rather than malware or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a complex math utility library with extensive validation and error handling. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, data exfiltration, or harmful system interactions. It appears to be a legitimate, highly intricate mathematical library with no security risks present based on the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}