{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for working with Promises in Node.js, including promisifying callback-style functions, rejecting with an error, and configuring the Promise implementation used by bcrypt or other modules.",
  "sources": "The main source of data is the 'args' parameter passed to the 'promise' function, which is used as input for the callback-wrapping logic.",
  "sinks": "The 'fn.apply' call executes the provided function with arguments, including the callback. The callback may process untrusted data if the 'fn' is user-controlled, but the code itself does not perform any unsafe operations.",
  "flows": "Input 'args' flow into 'fn.apply' via 'args' array, with the callback appended to handle success or error. The callback's execution may handle untrusted data, but there are no evident leaks or malicious operations within this code.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code is straightforward, with standard promisify logic and Promise configuration. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The module exports three functions: 'promise', 'reject', and 'use'. The 'promise' function wraps a callback-based function into a Promise, a common pattern. It validates inputs, converts args to an array if needed, and pushes a callback that resolves or rejects the Promise. The 'reject' function simply returns a rejected Promise with the given error. The 'use' function allows replacing the Promise implementation, which could be exploited if malicious code replaces it with a harmful Promise, but this is a controlled feature. No code within this module performs network operations, data exfiltration, or executes untrusted code. The code does not contain obfuscated or malicious behavior, nor does it seem to be designed for sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Promise utility module without signs of malicious intent or security risks. It offers Promise wrapping and configuration features typical of Node.js libraries. No malware or malicious behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}