{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for promisifying callback functions, rejecting Promises, and overriding the Promise implementation in Node.js.",
  "sources": "The 'promise' function reads input arguments and the callback; the 'use' function reads the Promise implementation; the 'reject' function handles error inputs.",
  "sinks": "The 'promise' function applies the callback to the original function; the 'use' function replaces the global Promise; errors are rejected via Promise.reject.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into the 'promise' function, which invokes the callback; errors or data flow into Promise resolution or rejection; the 'use' function replaces the Promise constructor globally.",
  "anomalies": "The 'use' function allows replacing the global Promise implementation, which could be exploited if untrusted code supplies a malicious Promise library. Otherwise, code is straightforward and lacks obfuscation or hidden behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard utility module for promisification, error rejection, and Promise implementation override. It performs input validation, argument handling, and Promise resolution/rejection. No malicious or obfuscated code is present. The only potential security concern is the 'use' function, which can replace the Promise constructor, possibly leading to malicious behavior if misused. However, this is a known, controlled feature. The code does not perform network activity, data exfiltration, or system modifications. Scores across reports are consistent, with malware score 0, obfuscation score 0, and low risk (~0.1-0.2) due to the Promise override capability.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, straightforward, and serves as a utility for Promise handling in Node.js. There are no signs of malware or malicious intent. The only consideration is cautious use of the 'use' function to prevent injection of malicious Promise implementations. Overall, the code is safe and appropriate for trusted environments.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}