{
  "purpose": "The code logs GraphQL operation details including the query and variables for debugging or error tracking purposes.",
  "sources": "The 'operation.query' object which provides the GraphQL query string, and 'operation.variables' which contain input variables.",
  "sinks": "Consola's error logging function, which outputs log information to console or external logging infrastructure.",
  "flows": "The GraphQL query string from 'operation.query' flows into the 'getGqlString' function, which processes and assigns it to 'log.query', then the 'log' object, including variables, is passed to 'consola.error' for logging.",
  "anomalies": "The function does not sanitize or validate the contents of 'operation.query' or 'operation.variables'. The 'getGqlString' function directly accesses nested properties with optional chaining but does not perform any security checks. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code disables ESLint for explicit boundary types, which is not inherently malicious but suggests a focus on flexibility over type safety.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily collects and logs GraphQL operation details. It safely accesses properties using optional chaining, avoiding direct property access that could cause runtime errors. The core concern is that it logs potentially sensitive information, such as the full GraphQL query and variables, which could contain sensitive data if improperly handled. There is no evidence of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, remote code execution, or backdoors. The usage of 'consola' for error logging is standard practice. The code does not perform any dangerous operations, network requests, or handle secrets in a insecure manner beyond the potential exposure of logged data.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a logging utility for GraphQL operations. There are no signs of malicious behavior or malware. The main security consideration is that it logs query strings and variables, which could inadvertently leak sensitive information if logs are improperly secured. Overall, the code appears safe but should be reviewed for log data sensitivity.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}