{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebGL-based 3D viewer for IFC models in wexBIM format, providing functionalities for model loading, rendering, interaction, styling, and clipping.",
  "sources": "Sources include external dependencies like WebGLUtils, gl-matrix library, and shader source strings; internal sources include binary data loading via XMLHttpRequest and FileReader, and model data parsing from binary buffers.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include WebGL texture and buffer creation/binding, shader compilation/linking, and XMLHttpRequest for fetching model data.",
  "flows": "Model data is fetched via XMLHttpRequest or FileReader, loaded into ArrayBuffer, parsed into internal structures, then uploaded to GPU buffers and textures for rendering. User interactions trigger event-based flows affecting camera and clipping plane settings.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. No evidence of backdoors, data leakage, or malicious network communications. The code uses standard WebGL and browser APIs for rendering and data loading. Shader code appears standard for visualization and ID encoding/decoding; no hidden or malicious code in shader source strings. The extensive licensing comments and generated shader code indicate typical model viewer setup, with no suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or misleading variable names.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive WebGL IFC model viewer utilizing binary data parsing, shader programs, and GPU buffers. Data is loaded via XMLHttpRequest or FileReader with standard security practices. No network connections are made to unknown or suspicious domains beyond the initial data fetch, and no attempt is detected to send user or system data externally. Shader code handles color coding, ID rendering, and normal calculation, consistent with model visualization standards. No suspicious behavior such as cryptocurrency mining, data theft, reverse shells, or system damage routines are present. The code maintains license comments, and shader sources are embedded as static strings. The absence of obfuscated code, dynamic code generation, or encrypted payloads results in a very low malware likelihood.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code functions solely as a WebGL IFC model viewer with standard data loading, rendering, and interaction capabilities. There is no evidence of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. It performs expected operations without external malicious communications or system harm routines. Overall, the code appears safe, with a malware score of 0 and a security risk score of 0.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}