{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WebGL-based 3D model viewer for IFC and wexBIM files, supporting model loading, rendering, interaction, and styling.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from URLs, Blobs, Files, and binary buffers during model load and model parsing. Data is used internally for rendering buffers, textures, and model geometry.",
  "sinks": "Uses WebGL API calls to create, upload, and delete textures, buffers, and framebuffers. Also manipulates DOM elements for SVG overlays and event handling. No network sinks or data exfiltration code detected.",
  "flows": "Binary data from model sources flows into binary parser, then into buffers and textures on GPU; user interactions trigger events and model modifications; rendering uses shader programs with uniforms and attributes; no external network or system commands are involved.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors detected. Shader code processes ID colors and geometry data; no suspicious network activity or system manipulation is present. Extensive use of WebGL for visualization, which is standard for such applications. No obfuscated code or uncommon language features. The code is a complex but standard WebGL application with a license header and extensive model and interaction logic.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides a WebGL model viewer with functions for loading models, handling user interactions, styling, and rendering. It uses XMLHttpRequest, FileReader, Blob, and WebGL APIs appropriately. No suspicious network requests, data exfiltration, or system commands are present. Shader code encodes IDs into colors for object picking and renders models with lighting and styles. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are detected. The code structure is complex but consistent with typical 3D viewer implementations. License headers and external dependencies are standard. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate and designed solely for model visualization purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive WebGL-based IFC/wexBIM model viewer with no indications of malicious behavior. It performs model loading, rendering, and interaction handling without suspicious network activity, data theft, or sabotage functionalities. The complexity and structure are typical for such visualization tools. The likelihood of malicious intent is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}