{
  "purpose": "Provide utility functions for random number generation, dice rolling, and array shuffling, primarily used for simulations or game logic.",
  "sources": "Function inputs such as 'n', 'o', 't', and 'desc' (string describing dice rolls). The code reads these parameters to generate random outputs or parse strings.",
  "sinks": "Returns of functions, especially random values, dice totals, and shuffled arrays. No direct data leaks or sensitive data processing observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used within functions to generate outputs: 'random' functions generate pseudo-random numbers; 'dieRoll' parses 'desc' to produce dice roll totals based on random number generation. Data flows from input parameters through Math.random() and parsing logic to outputs.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code structures, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious control flows. The code appears to be standard utility functions for randomness and dice simulations, with no obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple functions for random number generation and dice simulation, including 'random', 'randomN', 'randomNtoO', 'die', 'shuffle', 'flip', and 'dieRoll'. All functions rely solely on Math.random() for randomness, with proper input validation and standard logic. No external network calls, file operations, or suspicious behaviors are present. The functions are typical utility functions with no signs of malicious intent. The parsing in 'dieRoll' handles dice notation accurately without executing any arbitrary code. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious data leaks are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code comprises standard utility functions for randomization and dice simulation with no malicious or suspicious behaviors detected. It appears to be legitimate, intended for game or simulation logic, with no security risks or malware indications.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}