{
  "purpose": "This code provides mathematical operations and transformations related to 3x3 matrices, including rotation, scaling, translation, and matrix algebra functions, likely for graphics or physics computations.",
  "sources": "Inputs include function parameters such as vectors (x, y, z, w), matrices, and quaternions, which are used to generate or modify matrix data.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily performs calculations and returns new or modified matrix objects. There are no direct data leaks or network operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (vectors, matrices, quaternions) through various transformation functions to produce new matrices or modified matrices, with no external or untrusted data sources involved.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors are observed. The code is a straightforward implementation of linear algebra operations. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. There are deprecated aliases (e.g., Copy), but they are harmless. No dynamic code execution or hidden side effects are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is well-structured, implementing standard mathematical transformations for 3D graphics, such as rotation matrices, quaternion conversions, and matrix algebra. Functions utilize common math functions and simple input parameters without any side effects. No network calls, file I/O, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The initial portion contains only mathematical functions, and no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage are found. The code appears to be a library intended for mathematical operations in graphics programming. No anomalies or suspicious patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard mathematical library for 3D transformations and matrix algebra, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs expected calculations without side effects or hidden behaviors. The likelihood of malicious behavior is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}