{
  "purpose": "A JavaScript interpreter for a custom scripting language, capable of parsing and executing code dynamically.",
  "sources": "Input code strings parsed by the interpreter's parser, including function arguments, expressions, and script statements.",
  "sinks": "Execution of parsed expressions, function calls, and code evaluation, which could lead to code injection or execution of malicious scripts if input is untrusted.",
  "flows": "Input code → parser processes code → interpreter executes statements and expressions → potential code execution or data leakage if malicious scripts are fed.",
  "anomalies": "No embedded malicious payloads or backdoors detected; code is complex and may appear obfuscated but is structurally consistent with a parser/interpreter framework.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive JavaScript interpreter for a custom scripting language, including parsing, expression evaluation, variable management, and control flow. It does not contain embedded malware or malicious payloads. Its complexity and dynamic execution capabilities pose a risk if used with untrusted input, but this is inherent to interpreters. The obfuscation level is moderate, justified by the nested class structures and minified-like appearance. No signs of sabotage, backdoors, or malicious behavior are present. The malware score should be set to 0, as no malicious code exists within the package. The obfuscation score can be around 0.4, reflecting the code's complexity. The security risk score should be moderate (~0.3), considering potential misuse with untrusted scripts.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, complex JavaScript interpreter framework with no embedded malicious payloads or backdoors. Its structure and behavior are consistent with a standard scripting engine. While it could be exploited if fed malicious scripts, there is no active malicious activity or sabotage. The scores should be: malware = 0, obfuscated = 0.4, securityRisk = 0.3.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}