{
  "purpose": "This script generates a Meteor method file using a Handlebars template, with configurable namespace and name, and writes the generated code to a specified directory structure.",
  "sources": "Reads template file 'meteor-method.js.handlebars' from filesystem, reads current working directory via process.cwd(), and receives namespace and name as function arguments.",
  "sinks": "Writes the generated JavaScript content to a file in the filesystem at a location determined by input parameters and working directory.",
  "flows": "Reads template content -> compiles template with parameters -> generates code -> writes output file to disk",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are present. No dynamic code execution or network activity observed. Usage of 'read' and 'write' libraries appears standard for file I/O. No obfuscated code detected. No unusual variable manipulations.",
  "analysis": "The code imports necessary libraries for file handling and path management. It defines a function that constructs template path, creates output directory path, and processes a Handlebars template with provided parameters. The 'read.sync' reads a template file, which is compiled and then used to generate new code. The generated code is then saved to the filesystem using 'write.sync'. There are no evident indicators of malicious activity such as network requests, data exfiltration, or dynamic code execution. The code appears to be a standard code generator tool. No anomalies or suspicious behavior detected. The only potential concern is that it reads a template file and writes output files; if misused, it could overwrite important files, but this is typical for scaffolding tools.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward scaffolding utility that generates Meteor method files from templates. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. It functions as intended for code generation. No security risks are identified beyond typical file operations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}