{
  "purpose": "The code is a CSV parser library that reads CSV data, infers schema, and converts data rows into various formats (string, array, object). It is designed for data parsing and transformation.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from CSV string (csvStr parameter), reads configuration options, and reads data rows during parsing functions.",
  "sinks": "Executes dynamically generated functions that parse values based on inferred schema; potential for data manipulation but no direct data leakage or system interaction is evident.",
  "flows": "Input CSV string flows into parsing functions, which process data and generate dynamic functions for data transformation. Data flows from source string to parsed output through various transformation steps.",
  "anomalies": "Use of `new Function()` to generate functions dynamically based on schema; this can be risky if schema data is externally influenced. No evidence of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code performs CSV parsing, schema inference, and data transformation using regex, string manipulation, and dynamic function generation. The use of `new Function()` could potentially execute malicious code if schema or inputs are tampered with. However, this is an intended feature for flexible data parsing. No network activity, file operations, or system commands are present. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious obfuscation observed. The code is structured for data processing, with no signs of malicious intent beyond the potential risk associated with dynamic code execution. This risk is inherent to many data parsing libraries that generate code at runtime and does not directly indicate malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a CSV parsing library with schema inference and data transformation features. While it employs dynamic function creation, this is a common technique in such libraries and does not constitute malicious behavior by itself. No malware, malicious backdoors, or security exploits are evident. The main concern is the use of `new Function()`, which could be risky if inputs are compromised, but this appears to be an intentional design for flexibility rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 5
}