{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive set of date and duration utility functions, including cloning, shifting, adding/subtracting durations, comparisons, rounding, and handling edge cases like DST and month-end calculations. It operates solely on Date objects and numerical calculations without external system interactions.",
  "sources": "Function parameters accepting Date objects, durations, or numerical values; internal calculations based on these inputs.",
  "sinks": "Internal modifications of Date objects via setters; no external system calls, network activity, or file I/O.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through internal functions that modify Date objects or compute durations, with no external data or system interactions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious patterns, obfuscation, or malicious code detected. The code is clear, modular, and handles edge cases appropriately.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured, comprehensive date utility library performing standard operations such as cloning, shifting, comparing, and rounding dates. It includes careful handling of edge cases like DST transitions and month-end calculations. No external system calls, network activity, or obfuscation are present. The functions modify Date objects using standard setters, which is typical for such utilities. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious patterns are evident. The complexity and thoroughness are consistent with legitimate date/time manipulation libraries. The absence of dynamic code execution, network activity, or obfuscation indicates no malicious intent. The code's design aligns with best practices for date utilities, and the signals analyzed do not suggest any security risks or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-designed date and duration utility library with no signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security risks. The scores assigned in the reports—malware=0, obfuscated=0, and low security risk—are accurate and justified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}