{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component for rendering and interacting with a hierarchical chart (org chart), providing features like zoom, pan, export, and node management.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'datasource' prop and user interactions such as clicks, touches, and wheel events; it also reads from DOM elements during export functions.",
  "sinks": "The code exports images or PDFs using canvas data; it triggers file downloads via setting href and clicking hidden link elements.",
  "flows": "User interactions and data changes flow from input events to DOM updates, triggering exports or data modifications, including drag-and-drop hierarchy changes that update internal data structures.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. External libraries are used for common tasks (react, json-digger, html2canvas, jspdf) without unusual or suspicious calls. The code includes standard event handling, rendering, and export logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component implementing a visualization with features like zoom, pan, export, and hierarchy manipulation. It uses standard libraries and patterns. No suspicious code or malicious behavior is detected. The use of external libraries appears legitimate for rendering and exporting. All interactions are typical for a diagram component, with no hidden or malicious logic. There are no obfuscation techniques or obfuscated code patterns; the code is mostly readable and structured. No hardcoded secrets or data leakage points are observed. The export functions handle images and PDFs in expected ways, and DOM interactions are standard.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React component for organizational chart visualization with export capabilities. No malicious or suspicious behavior is evident. It uses common libraries and methods appropriate for its functionality. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}