{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component for rendering and interacting with an organizational chart, including features like zoom, pan, export to PDF/PNG, and hierarchy manipulation.",
  "sources": "Inputs are primarily from props (datasource, configuration flags), DOM events (click, mouse, touch events), and internal state; also reads from document and window objects during export functions.",
  "sinks": "Uses canvas and jsPDF library functions for exporting images; interacts with DOM for downloads; manipulates transformation matrices; calls external services (though not detailed here).",
  "flows": "User interactions (clicks, pan, zoom) trigger state changes and DOM updates; export functions generate images from DOM or canvas; hierarchy changes update internal data structure; these are mostly local and intended for UI rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The code uses external libraries in a standard way. No obfuscated code, malicious data leaks, or unusual behaviors are evident. Export functions use standard libraries for image and PDF generation without hidden payloads.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages a visual org chart with standard features such as zoom, pan, export, and hierarchy editing. The external dependencies are common React and visualization libraries. Event handlers and data manipulations appear typical for such an application. No signs of malicious intent, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. It uses DOM and canvas APIs for exporting images in a standard manner. The code structure is complex but does not contain obfuscation or malicious logic. The code’s purpose aligns with UI rendering and interaction; no malicious flows or dangerous data handling are identified.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate React component for organizational chart visualization with export features. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware within the code. It uses common libraries and straightforward logic. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}