{
  "purpose": "This code implements an accessibility overlay/dialog component, allowing for modal or alert dialogs with focus management and styling. It creates DOM elements, manages focus trapping, and provides customizable options for appearance and behavior.",
  "sources": "Data sources include configuration options passed to the constructor, DOM attributes (e.g., data-access-blocks-opened), and optional image sources provided via options.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation for creating, appending, and removing elements; setting styles and attributes; event listeners for focus management; injection of style elements for animations and styles.",
  "flows": "The code reads configuration data during instantiation, creates DOM elements for overlay and content, appends elements to document body, manages focus and styles during open/close cycles, and injects styles for animations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. The code's primary function is to create an accessible modal overlay. It uses external dependencies ('short-unique-id' and 'lodash.merge') appropriately, with no evident malicious manipulation. No network activity, data exfiltration, or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The script constructs a modal/dialog component with focus management, style injection, and DOM manipulation. It uses external libraries safely for UUID generation and object merging. The code handles accessibility attributes, focus trapping, and style injection responsibly. There are no indications of malicious activities such as data theft, remote communication, or system damage. The injection of CSS styles for animation is standard practice for UI effects. The overall structure appears consistent with legitimate UI component code.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate accessibility overlay/dialog component with no signs of malicious intent. It manages DOM elements, focus, and styles for user interface purposes. There are no suspicious behaviors or malicious code detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}