{
  "purpose": "This script automates the build process for a JavaScript and CSS project, including tasks such as compiling LESS to CSS, optimizing assets, generating HTML, and optionally starting a development server with live reload.",
  "sources": "Reads project files such as package.json, LESS, HTML, image, and JavaScript assets from the 'src' directory, and executes shell commands for git tagging.",
  "sinks": "Uses child_process.exec to run shell commands; reads and modifies HTML files for template injection; reads files from the filesystem; writes compiled assets to the 'dist' directory; initiates a live reload server.",
  "flows": "Reads input files from 'src' and 'package.json', processes styles and assets, injects templates into HTML, outputs to 'dist', and may execute shell commands (e.g., git tags).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors detected. Use of child_process.exec is typical for build scripts, not suspicious. No obfuscated code, unusual variables, or hidden network activity. The code is standard for a build system.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical build and development tasks: compiling LESS to CSS, optimizing CSS and images, injecting HTML templates, and starting a local server. The only dynamic shell command executed is a git tag command, which is benign and part of versioning. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, unauthorized network activity, or hidden backdoors. No suspicious or malicious code patterns identified. The use of 'child_process.exec' for tagging is standard and safe in this context. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. Overall, the script is a typical build automation tool without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard build script for web assets and development environment setup. It performs routine tasks without any signs of malicious behavior or security risks. No malicious signals or anomalies were detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}