{
  "purpose": "This script automates the build process for a web project, including compiling styles, copying assets, processing HTML, and starting a development server with live reload features.",
  "sources": "Reads package.json, Less files, HTML files, image and media assets, environment variables via command-line arguments.",
  "sinks": "Executes shell commands for git tagging, runs child processes, and outputs logs to console.",
  "flows": "Reads data from filesystem (package.json, HTML, images, Less files), command-line arguments, and environment variables; outputs logs, executes shell commands, and writes files to 'dist' directory.",
  "anomalies": "Contains a redefinition of 'exec' function shadowing 'child_process.exec', but the custom function appears benign, only wrapping exec and logging output. The 'exec' wrapper does not execute arbitrary commands; it is only used in 'tag' task with a controlled input. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard build tasks for a web project: compiling Less, adding headers, autoprefixing, minification, copying assets, and generating HTML with inline templates. It includes a 'tag' task that runs a git command to create a new tag based on package version, using controlled input. The custom 'exec' function safely wraps 'child_process.exec' for logging. No external data inputs are used insecurely, no untrusted code execution is evident. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, or data leaks are detected. The code appears legitimate, focused on build automation, with no malicious or maliciously obfuscated elements.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical build script for a web project, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. The only notable feature is the 'tag' task which safely executes a git command, which is standard in release workflows. Overall, the code appears safe and clean.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}