{
  "purpose": "The code implements an interactive image map component using React, allowing user interactions such as hover, click, and move events over defined polygonal, circular, and rectangular areas on an image. It provides visual tooltips and messages based on user interaction.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the image URL (URL variable), the map configuration object (MAP), and user interaction events (mouse and click events).",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data flows into message state updates, tooltip position styling, and console or DOM updates. The image URL is a static external source; no direct data sinks for malicious actions are apparent.",
  "flows": "User interactions (mouse move, click, enter/leave area) flow from event handlers to state updates, which update messages and tooltip display. The URL and MAP data are static and do not process external input dynamically.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or backdoors, are present. The code strictly handles UI interactions and visual rendering. No network connections or data exfiltration code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard React component utilizing the 'react-image-mapper' library for image map interactions. Event handlers update component state with interaction messages and tooltip positioning. The image URL is a public static resource, and the map data defines static coordinate areas. There are no signs of dynamic input processing, data leaks, or malicious code execution. The code is well-structured, with no evidence of code injection, malicious side-effects, or hidden backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a straightforward React implementation for image map interaction. There is no indication of malicious behavior or malware. It operates within its expected scope of UI interaction handling. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}