{
  "purpose": "This code appears to implement a React-based viewer component with various gesture and interaction handlers, including viewport, minimap, zoom, pan, and other controls, for a graphical or map-like interface.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), imports React, React DOM, and other dependencies, and accesses DOM elements and styles within components.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous areas include direct access to environment variables, DOM manipulation, event handling, and dynamic style updates. No explicit data leaks or network connections are evident. No code injection or system command execution is observed.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and imports are used to configure behaviors. Event handlers (e.g., pointer, wheel, keydown) update component state and styles. State updates trigger style interpolations and component re-renders. No untrusted data flows outside React's event system are detected.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code. The code is complex with minified-like constructs but does not appear obfuscated maliciously. No suspicious network requests, data theft, or system modifications are present. Environment variables are used for configuration but not exploited maliciously.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides a React component with advanced gesture handling, viewport manipulations, and UI controls. It relies on standard React patterns, environment variables for configuration, and DOM interactions that are typical for such interfaces. No signs of malicious behavior like unauthorized data transmission, backdoors, or harmful system commands are present. The complex structure and extensive use of external dependencies do not indicate malicious intent; they seem to serve the functionality of a sophisticated viewer interface.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React component for an interactive viewer with gesture and viewport controls. No evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks was found based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}