{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive set of utilities and parsers for processing, expanding, and converting Emmet abbreviations into structured markup, stylesheets, and other code snippets. It includes functions for tokenization, parsing, syntax-specific expansion, and output formatting, primarily used in code editors and IDEs to generate code snippets from shorthand abbreviations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from string parameters (e.g., abbreviation strings, line of code) for parsing and tokenization functions, as well as configuration objects for customizing behavior. It processes these inputs during functions like 'extractAbbreviation', 'parse', 'markup', 'stylesheet', and related utilities.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that generate output strings such as 'stringify', 'pushString', and output stream manipulations. These functions produce code snippets, markup, or stylesheet code as strings, which are returned or assigned to variables. No direct data leakage, network activity, or file system access occurs within this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (abbreviations, lines, configs) into tokenization and parsing functions, then into expansion and formatting functions, ultimately producing output strings. There are no dynamic or untrusted external sources, no network requests, and no execution of code based on untrusted data; the flow is purely input processing and output generation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are evident. No dynamic code execution, eval, or similar constructs are present. No obfuscated code, system calls, or data exfiltration mechanisms are detected. The code follows standard parser, tokenizer, and formatter patterns typical of Emmet abbreviation processors.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of an Emmet abbreviation parser and expander, including tokenization, syntax parsing, scope resolution, and output formatting for HTML, CSS, and other syntaxes. The functions process strings and configuration objects to generate code snippets, with no indication of malicious behavior. The code employs straightforward algorithms for parsing, token management, and string concatenation, all standard in code snippet expansion tools. There are no signals of malware or sabotage, and the functions operate deterministically on inputs to produce outputs without side effects or external interactions.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured implementation of Emmet abbreviation processing, designed for use in code editors or similar environments. It contains no malicious intent, no suspicious code segments, and no security risks within its current scope. The code is safe and suitable for use in production environments under normal conditions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}