{
  "purpose": "The code provides an abstraction layer for interacting with Google Spreadsheets using the google-spreadsheet library, allowing for loading spreadsheets, retrieving worksheets, and manipulating cell values.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from parameters such as spreadsheet_key, creds (credentials), range strings, and cell identifiers. It also reads from the spreadsheet data retrieved via API calls.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of creds for authentication, which could leak sensitive information if mishandled. Cell values are retrieved and set, but these are typical operations with no evident malicious effect.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves loading a spreadsheet with credentials, retrieving worksheet information, and reading or writing cell values via promises. No data flows directly to network or external systems outside of the authorized API calls.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, API keys, or secrets are embedded in the code. The code does not perform any dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or suspicious network activity. It uses standard API calls and promise-based asynchronous handling.",
  "analysis": "The code is a wrapper for the google-spreadsheet library to facilitate spreadsheet operations. It parses cell ranges, converts column labels, retrieves and sets cell values, and manages worksheets. It relies on provided credentials for authentication, which are passed into load() as parameters, not hardcoded. There are no signs of data exfiltration, malicious network activity, or backdoors. No unusual code patterns, obfuscated code, or suspicious logic are present. The code appears to follow standard patterns for interacting with Google Sheets API. Overall, it is a typical, benign utility library with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, non-malicious wrapper around the Google Sheets API. It handles spreadsheet operations securely with no evidence of malware or malicious behavior. The primary security consideration is ensuring that credentials passed to load() are handled securely outside this module. Overall, the package appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}