{
  "purpose": "The code implements an Angular calendar component with various configurable display modes and event handling. It primarily serves to render and manage calendar views such as month, week, and day.",
  "sources": "Data sources include the imported Angular core modules, the injected CalendarService, and input properties such as currentDate, eventSource, and configuration options. User interactions like date or event selection are captured via event emitters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are event emitters that could relay untrusted data, but in the context of this code, they are used internally for UI updates and event propagation. No direct data leakage or external network connections are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input properties (e.g., currentDate, eventSource) through internal methods and to the UI components. User interactions trigger event emitters, which can be handled externally but are not shown to involve data leakage.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or unusual behaviors are detected. The code does not perform any network operations, file manipulations, or include obfuscated or dynamic code execution. The use of Angular features and dependency injection appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Angular component definition with configuration inputs, event emitters, and lifecycle hooks. It interacts with a calendar service for date management but does not perform any operations that suggest malicious intent. The import statements, property definitions, and method implementations are typical for such UI components. No signs of code injection, data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware are present. The only dynamic behavior relates to user interaction handling and calendar rendering logic, which are safe.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate Angular calendar component with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It functions as a UI element for displaying and interacting with calendar data, with standard event handling and dependency usage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}