{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component that integrates a progress bar indicator (NProgress) into a Next.js application, providing visual feedback during route changes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the component props such as 'color', 'startPosition', 'stopDelayMs', 'height', 'showOnShallow', 'options', 'nonce', and 'transformCSS'. It also reads data from imported modules: 'next/router', 'nprogress', 'prop-types', and 'react'.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily manipulates DOM styles and triggers functions like 'nprogress.configure', 'nprogress.set', 'nprogress.start', 'nprogress.done', and event handlers for route changes. No data is written to external systems or network connections.",
  "flows": "Input props influence style and behavior; route change events trigger 'nprogress' methods to start and stop the progress bar; styles are dynamically injected via the 'style' element. There are no untrusted data flows to network or sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code employs obfuscated variable names and a complex object property copying mechanism, likely to minimize clarity. The minified source map comment suggests production build optimization but is not malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external data flows are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes React component props with defaults, sets up route change event listeners to start and stop the progress bar, and injects style definitions directly into the DOM. It uses standard React hooks and 'nprogress' API calls. The obfuscation appears to be due to build tools rather than malicious intent. No network activity, data leaks, or malicious modifications are present. The complex object property copying functions seem to serve to protect or hide certain properties but do not perform malicious actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React component integrating a visual progress indicator for Next.js route changes. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected. The obfuscation is typical of minified production code. Overall, it appears safe and serves a UI purpose without security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}