{
  "purpose": "The code defines and exports test functions to run specific Grunt tasks using child_process.exec, primarily for testing shell commands and capturing their outputs.",
  "sources": "The code reads the 'grunt' executable path, the Gruntfile.js tasks, and potentially command output streams (stdout, stderr). It also reads the filesystem via 'fs' (though not actively used), and environment via 'process'.",
  "sinks": "Execution of shell commands via exec, capturing stdout and stderr; potentially outputs from spawned processes.",
  "flows": "The code executes Grunt commands (sources) via child_process.exec, which may produce outputs (sinks). The flow is from command execution to capturing stdout/stderr and testing for errors.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic; all functions appear standard for running and testing shell commands. 'grunt' path normalization is typical. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The script loads necessary modules ('grunt', 'fs', 'child_process', 'path') and defines functions to run Grunt tasks and check for errors. The main functions execute predefined Grunt tasks via shell commands, capturing their output and ensuring no errors occur. The code appears to facilitate automated testing workflows for build scripts. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior is evident. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, or privacy violations are present. The use of 'exec' to run shell commands is standard, and the commands executed are fixed Grunt tasks, not influenced by external input. No obfuscation, malware, or malicious code patterns identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard test harness for running predefined Grunt tasks, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It simply executes build/test commands and verifies they complete without errors. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}