{
  "purpose": "This module implements a Passport.js authentication strategy for 'remember me' cookie-based login persistence.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from request cookies (signed or unsigned) via 'req.cookies' or 'req.signedCookies'. It also accesses request state via 'req.isAuthenticated()' and 'req.res' for setting cookies.",
  "sinks": "The code sets cookies on the response object ('res.cookie') and clears cookies ('res.clearCookie'). It also invokes verify and issue callback functions that may perform further processing.",
  "flows": "If the user is not authenticated, it reads the token from cookies. If a token exists, it verifies the token via '_verify'. Upon verification, it may issue a new cookie with '_issue'. If verification fails, it clears the cookie.",
  "anomalies": "Code accesses 'req.res' directly to set cookies, which breaks typical encapsulation but is not inherently malicious. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are evident. No obfuscated or minified code present. No suspicious external network calls or data leaks are observed. The only unusual aspect is direct access to 'req.res' for setting cookies, which could be a concern if misused, but is not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard 'remember me' strategy using cookies. It reads tokens from cookies (signed or unsigned) and verifies them via a callback. If verification succeeds, it refreshes the cookie. If verification fails, it clears the cookie. It includes checks for whether the user is already authenticated and avoids unnecessary cookie operations. The direct use of 'req.res' for setting cookies is unconventional but not malicious. No hardcoded credentials, no network calls, or suspicious behavior are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a 'remember me' cookie authentication strategy. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this code. Its unusual direct access to 'req.res' warrants a minor review but does not constitute malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}