{
  "purpose": "The code configures a JavaScript web application's development and build environment, including proxy settings, webpack customizations, static asset paths, and HTML meta tags.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (e.g., process.env.NODE_ENV, process.env.STATIC_PATH, process.env.DEV_SERVER), require statements, and configuration functions that read external JSON files and environment settings.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to proxy targets, webpack plugin configurations, and static asset path definitions.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence static path selection and proxy configurations; proxy request functions modify request headers; webpack plugins inject meta tags and style resources.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network connections are present. Proxy functions set 'origin' headers to empty strings, which could be used to bypass CORS restrictions, but are common in development proxies. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are detected. Commented-out code and configuration sections are typical for build setups.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily contains configuration settings for a web application build process, including proxy server definitions, static asset path logic based on environment variables, and webpack plugin customizations. Proxy requests modify headers to prevent origin issues, a common development practice. The dynamic static path configuration uses environment variables to select CDN or local paths, which is standard. No suspicious data flows, such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or malicious network activity, are present. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code detected. The code appears to be legitimate setup code with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical configuration script for a web project, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It uses environment variables and standard plugins to set up build and development environments. All proxy headers and paths seem intended for development or deployment purposes, with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}