{
  "purpose": "Configure and send an email with embedded images and attachments using static, hardcoded SES credentials.",
  "sources": "Hardcoded AWSAccessKeyID and AWSSecretKey in the code; static message contents; embedded image data; fixed recipient and sender info.",
  "sinks": "Credentials are stored in code; no external input sources or untrusted data flows are evident.",
  "flows": "Credentials are used directly in SES configuration; email message is constructed with static data; no dynamic or untrusted data flows are present.",
  "anomalies": "Use of deprecated 'new Buffer' instead of Buffer.from; override of mail.emit for logging/debugging; presence of hardcoded secrets; no input validation or sanitization.",
  "analysis": "The code contains hardcoded AWS credentials, which pose a security risk but do not indicate malicious intent. No malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, remote code execution, or backdoors are present. The code performs standard email composition with embedded images and attachments. The use of 'new Buffer' is outdated but not malicious. The override of 'mail.emit' appears intended for debugging or logging, not malicious activity. The main concern is secret exposure, not malware. The malware scores are correctly set to 0, and obfuscation is absent. The security risk score should reflect the severity of credential exposure; a value of 0.6 is justified, but a slightly lower score (e.g., 0.5) could also be appropriate. Overall, the code is straightforward, with security issues limited to secret management.",
  "conclusion": "The code is not malicious but insecure due to hardcoded AWS credentials. There is no malware or obfuscation. The main risk stems from secret exposure, warranting a high but not maximum security risk score. The malware and obfuscation scores are correctly assigned as zero. The overall assessment indicates a security concern primarily related to credential handling, not malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}