{
  "purpose": "The code implements a particle emitter system for use with PixiJS, managing particles, behaviors, spawn shapes, and rendering.",
  "sources": "Imports from '@pixi/core', '@pixi/constants', '@pixi/sprite', '@pixi/math', '@pixi/ticker', '@pixi/display'; class constructors; configuration objects; global functions; external library methods (e.g., Texture.from).",
  "sinks": "Texture.from() calls for texture creation; particle.texture assignment; network or external data (none explicitly found); any environment variables or external inputs are not used.",
  "flows": "Initialization of particles and behaviors from configuration objects; particle update cycles; texture selection; shape spawning; behavior initialization and updates; emitter rendering and cleanup; upgradeConfig function transforming old configs to new formats.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network calls detected. No use of eval or dynamic code execution. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. No external data being fetched or sent. Library functions are standard for particle systems.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of a particle emitter with multiple behaviors, spawn shapes, and rendering support. It relies on open-source PixiJS modules, with texture creation via Texture.from(), which is standard practice. The only dynamic code generation occurs in parsePath(), which whitelists characters and functions for safety before creating a new Function for path evaluation. No network activity, file system access, or environment variable usage is present. All behaviors and functions appear to serve typical particle effects, with no signs of malicious intent. The upgradeConfig function transforms older configs to current standards, with no malicious operations.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard, well-structured particle emitter system with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It uses common techniques for particle management and rendering, with safe dynamic function creation in parsePath(). There are no indicators of malware, data leaks, or malicious network activity. The code appears safe for use in applications requiring particle effects.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}