{
  "purpose": "The code implements React hooks for handling drag events and touch/mouse interactions, primarily to enable draggable UI components.",
  "sources": "Reads user interaction events from DOM elements, specifically 'mousedown', 'touchstart', 'mousemove', 'touchmove', 'mouseup', and 'touchend'. Uses window.navigator.userAgent for browser detection.",
  "sinks": "Uses event listeners to process input events and invoke callback functions provided by the user; does not directly write to files, network, or system resources.",
  "flows": "User input events (source) are captured and processed to calculate movement deltas, which are then passed to callback functions (sink). No external data or system resources are accessed or modified based on untrusted input beyond standard event handling.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code detected. The code performs standard event handling for drag interactions. The use of 'useRef' and 'useCallback' is typical for React hooks. The only minor concern is the patch for old iOS Safari which might be used to prevent default touch behaviors, but this is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code provides React hooks for handling drag interactions via mouse and touch events, including iOS-specific patches to prevent default behaviors. It uses event listeners and React's hooks appropriately. There is no evidence of code injection, data leakage, or malicious network activity. The functions are designed for user interaction and do not perform any operations that could harm or exfiltrate data. The code appears to be a standard implementation for draggable UI components with cross-browser support.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical React hook implementation for drag-and-drop interaction handling. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The only concern might be the iOS patch, but it is a standard practice for touch behavior management and not malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}