{
  "purpose": "This code provides React hooks and utility functions for handling drag events across different devices and browsers, ensuring cross-platform compatibility and touch support.",
  "sources": "The code reads user interaction events such as 'mousedown', 'touchstart', 'mousemove', 'touchmove', 'mouseup', and 'touchend'. It also accesses the window object for user agent detection and the document object to attach event listeners.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include event listener attachment/detachment, and use of 'preventDefault' which may affect page behavior. No data is explicitly sent over the network or written to files.",
  "flows": "Input events (mouse/touch) are captured via event handlers, processed to extract client coordinates, and passed to callback functions. Event listeners are attached and detached within React hooks to manage drag interactions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are present. The use of Symbols for internal event identification is standard. The patchIos function applies a known fix for old Safari versions but does not perform any malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of React hooks and utility functions for drag event handling, with proper management of event listeners and cross-browser considerations. The getClientCoords function safely retrieves touch/mouse coordinates. The useEventCallback hook efficiently manages callback references. The useDragged hook sets up event listeners for drag actions, including a fix for older iOS Safari versions. There are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or malicious network activity. All operations appear to be standard for a drag-and-drop utility, with no hidden or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard React hook implementation for drag-and-drop interactions with cross-browser support. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident. The code follows best practices and does not contain any suspicious or harmful logic.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}