{
  "purpose": "The code transpiles style objects, selectors, and style blocks into string representations, likely for CSS generation or similar styling logic.",
  "sources": "Reads styleuse objects, style definitions from global.styles, style tokens, and input objects within functions like TranspileStyleUse, TranspileBlock, and TranspileSelectorStyle.",
  "sinks": "Generates string outputs (CSS-like) and console error logs. No direct data leakage or dangerous operations are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from styleuse input and global styles into result objects, with conditional style generation, and finally outputs style strings. No untrusted data is executed or sent externally.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behavior detected. The code contains standard transpilation logic, with normal error handling via console.error and process.exit(1). No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns identified.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward style transpiler with functions to process style objects, style uses, and selector styles. It reads style data from input parameters and global variables, performs style generation, and constructs style strings. Error handling is via console errors and process termination if undefined styles are encountered. No obfuscated code, external network calls, or suspicious logic detected. The use of process.exit(1) in error cases is typical for CLI tools and does not indicate malicious intent. The code does not perform any insecure operations like SQL injection, code injection, or data exfiltration. All data handling appears confined within function scope, with no external malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a style transpiler without any signs of malicious intent or malware. It processes style data to produce style strings and logs errors on invalid references. No security risks or malware behaviors are present in this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}