{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for creating, validating, embedding, and serializing Apache Arrow tables, supporting schema management and data transformation in JavaScript/TypeScript environments.",
  "sources": "Data inputs (records, arrays), schema definitions, metadata for embedding functions, external embedding function calls.",
  "sinks": "Serialized buffers (IPC format), data transformations within memory, no external network or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into conversion functions, embedding applications, and serialization processes; external embedding functions are invoked with data, and results are integrated into tables before serialization.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns; standard use of metadata for embedding functions; no obfuscation or hidden behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive utility for handling Apache Arrow data, including schema validation, data type inference, embedding application, and serialization. It invokes external embedding functions in a controlled manner, manages schema metadata, and performs data transformations securely. No external system calls, network activity, or credential handling are present. The use of metadata for embedding functions is standard practice, not malicious. The code is well-structured, with clear error handling and data flow management. No signs of obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious payloads are evident. The external dependencies and functions are expected to be safe if implemented correctly. Overall, the code demonstrates legitimate data processing functionality with minimal security risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured data utility library for Apache Arrow in JavaScript, with no evidence of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The low malware and obfuscation scores are justified. The overall security risk is minimal, primarily due to standard data handling and schema management practices. Proper validation of external embedding functions and metadata is recommended but not inherently insecure.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}