{
  "purpose": "This code provides a React component for image cropping with zoom and rotation controls, supporting image upload, cropping, and saving functionalities within a modal interface.",
  "sources": "Data is read from file input during image upload via FileReader, and from component props such as src, zoomVal, rotateVal, and cropPixelsRef.current.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include Blob creation and file upload functions, and DOM manipulations like drawing images onto canvas and converting to blob for upload or further processing.",
  "flows": "Input from file input or component props flows into image processing via FileReader, then into cropping and rotation logic, eventually leading to creation of a Blob or File object for upload or download, with user interactions controlling flow events.",
  "anomalies": "Code uses require() for module imports, which is typical in a build environment. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present. No suspicious network calls or hidden backdoors are evident. The only notable activity is image processing and file handling, which is expected for this module.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React-based image cropper component utilizing third-party libraries for crop, modal, and slider UI elements. It reads image data via FileReader upon upload, processes images with Canvas API for cropping, rotation, and quality adjustments, and then generates a Blob or File object for further upload or saving. It maintains state for crop position, zoom, and rotation, and provides controls for these parameters. No network requests, environment variable usage, or suspicious code patterns are present. The module is well-structured and appears to implement standard image cropping functionalities securely. No malware indicators such as system data exfiltration, network communication to suspicious domains, or reverse shell activity are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React image cropping component without any malicious behavior or security risks. It handles image upload, cropping, zoom, rotation, and output generation safely, with no evident malicious intent or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}