{
  "purpose": "The code implements an image cropping modal component for React applications, allowing users to upload and crop images with optional zoom and rotation controls. It handles image upload, cropping, rotation, zoom, and exporting the cropped image.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from uploaded files via the input element's beforeUpload callback, and from media elements (naturalWidth, naturalHeight). It also reads configuration props such as aspect ratio, shape, zoom, rotation, and modal options.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data (cropped image blob) is processed into a File object and potentially uploaded via the beforeUpload callback. User inputs such as image files, crop parameters, and rotation/zoom controls influence internal state but are not directly used in unsafe data flows outside component context.",
  "flows": "Image files are read via FileReader; cropping parameters are managed through React state; cropping completion triggers image processing, canvas rendering, and blob creation. The blob is converted into a File object and passed to the beforeUpload function for potential upload. User controls modify zoom and rotation state that influences image rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code uses standard React and browser APIs without obfuscation. No external network requests or data exfiltration observed. All dependencies are common libraries for React image cropping and UI.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component for image cropping with upload support, cropping, rotation, zoom, and cropping finalization. It uses FileReader to load images and canvas API to crop and generate the output Blob/File. The flow involves reading user-uploaded images, rendering cropping UI, adjusting crop parameters, and generating a cropped image blob for upload or further processing. The code employs standard libraries and practices, with no indications of malicious intent. It does not perform any network requests, data exfiltration, or system modification. No anomalous behavior or hidden backdoors detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard React image crop modal component with upload capabilities. It uses common libraries and APIs, with no malicious behavior, security risks, or obfuscated code observed. The code appears to serve its intended purpose securely and transparently.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}