{
  "purpose": "A CSS processing and transformation utility that reads configuration and source files, extracts rules, and outputs transformed CSS.",
  "sources": "File system reads via fs.readFileSync, require() calls on configuration and input files, command-line arguments parsing.",
  "sinks": "File writes via fs.writeFileSync, no network or system command execution.",
  "flows": "Input files are read and parsed into ASTs; transformations are applied; output files are written based on configuration.",
  "anomalies": "Use of require() on user-supplied file paths without validation, which can execute malicious code if files are compromised.",
  "analysis": "The code is a CSS processing tool that loads configuration and source files dynamically. It uses require() on paths provided by command-line options, which are resolved with fs.realpathSync to mitigate path traversal. No malicious code, obfuscation, or network activity is present. The primary security concern is the pattern of requiring user-controlled files without validation, which could lead to remote code execution if malicious files are supplied. The code itself is straightforward and does not contain malicious payloads. The malware score is 0, as no malicious activity is detected. The obfuscated score is 0, given the code clarity. The risk score should be around 0.6-0.7, reflecting the potential for supply chain attacks via malicious configuration files, even though none are present now.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign CSS processing utility with no embedded malware or obfuscation. The main security risk stems from the pattern of loading user-supplied files via require() without validation, which could be exploited for code injection if malicious files are provided. The scores should be malware=0, obfuscated=0, securityRisk≈0.6-0.7 to account for this pattern. Proper validation or sandboxing of input files would mitigate this risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.65,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}