{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a React component library for easing functions, providing context and hooks for selecting and using different easing curves in animations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from user interface elements (e.g., select dropdown, change events), environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), and imported modules (react, react context). It does not appear to read external data sources or network inputs.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs data via React context and UI updates. No direct data leaks or external data effects are visible. No sensitive data is written to network or files.",
  "flows": "User interactions (select dropdown change) update the context state, which then updates the displayed easing parameters. Internal functions generate easing curves based on predefined parameters and do not process untrusted data.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive React internal runtime and development-only warnings, which are typical in React development environments. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present. All code is relatively straightforward, with no unusual control flows.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes an easing generator class that creates cubic-bezier curves, and provides React context and hooks for selecting easing functions in a UI. It uses environment variables to switch between production and development modes but does not perform any network operations, file writes, or data collection. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or hidden backdoors. The React internals are standard, with no obfuscation or malicious modifications. No hardcoded secrets or credential leaks are present. The code does perform data flow from user input (dropdown selection) to context state update, which is expected and benign. Overall, the code is a benign React utility for easing animations, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a React-based easing function utility with context and hooks for selecting easing curves. It contains no malicious or suspicious behavior, hardcoded secrets, or security risks. The complexity is related to React internals and easing curve generation, which are benign. No supply chain or malware concerns are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}