{
  "purpose": "This code appears to implement a React-based easing generator and provider system, facilitating the selection and use of various cubic-bezier easing functions for animations within a React application.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (`process.env.NODE_ENV`), imports React functions, and defines internal data structures and provider contexts. No user input or external data sources are explicitly read within this code snippet.",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly write to files, make network requests, or execute system commands. It uses React context and state management to handle data internally and in the UI, with no evident data leakage or unsafe data handling.",
  "flows": "The data flows from internal configuration objects to exported easing functions, which are then provided via React context. User interactions (changing easing selection) update React state but do not influence external systems or sensitive data.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes complex, obfuscated-like code for React internals and JSX runtime, but it is standard for React build processes. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns (e.g., system calls, network requests, or backdoors) are detected. No suspicious external domain connections or data leaks are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes React JSX runtime functions, defines a cubic-bezier easing generator class, and creates a React context for easing functions. The obfuscated or minified style of React internal functions is standard for production React code. The core functionality involves generating easing functions and providing them via React context, with user interaction handled through React state. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data theft, system modification, or network communication. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external activity are found. The complex React internal code appears to be standard runtime code, not malicious obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate React-based easing generator module with no malicious intent or security risks. It primarily manages UI state and easing function generation. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity are detected. The security risk score is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}