{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a React-based easing generator for animations, providing context and hooks for selecting and using easing functions in a React application.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), imports from React, and generates easing data based on input parameters. No user input is directly read, but the environment variable NODE_ENV influences behavior during development vs production.",
  "sinks": "No sinks related to data leaks, network calls, or system modifications. No dynamic code execution or data transmission found.",
  "flows": "No source-to-sink data flows involving untrusted input. The code generates easing parameters internally and manages state via React hooks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors. The code uses internal state and context for normal UI behavior. No obfuscation or code injection detected. No dynamic code evaluation, eval, or similar functions. The code structure is typical for React components and context providers.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a utility class for generating cubic-bezier easing functions, constructs a React context provider for easing options, and provides hooks for consuming this context. It imports React internals, but these are standard for React library code. No signs of malicious intent, data exfiltration, or system sabotage. The environment variable NODE_ENV is checked for development vs production, which is standard. No external network requests or system modifications are observed. The code's structure and logic are consistent with legitimate animation utility code. No obfuscation or suspicious code paths are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React-based easing function generator with context and hooks. It contains no malicious behavior or security risks. It is safe for use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}