{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a layout system with draggable and resizable panels, headers, and content areas for a UI component library, likely for a dashboard or editor interface.",
  "sources": "Input data from props (e.g., headers, focus, dimensions, type, id), event listeners for drag-and-drop, resize, and mouse events, and context signals such as focus and layout configurations.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted input influences layout or triggers network requests; however, no explicit network calls or data exfiltration code are present. No code injection or eval-like functions are used. DOM manipulations are mostly for layout and drag/drop behavior.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and context signals into component states; drag-and-drop data is transferred via DataTransfer API; event handlers update signals, affecting layout and visual state. No untrusted data is propagated to external systems or network endpoints.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments are evident. No obfuscated code, external malicious library usage, or secret exfiltration mechanisms are present. The use of interact.js for drag interactions is standard; no misuse observed. Some functions are placeholders (handleShow, handleHide) with empty bodies but no malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages UI layout, resizing, and dragging panels within a web application context. It utilizes signals and context providers typical of reactive frameworks, and external libraries like interact.js for drag-and-resize functionalities. There are no signs of malicious code such as network exfiltration, system manipulation, or backdoors. The event handlers and data flows are consistent with standard UI behaviors. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious dynamic code execution are detected. The code is complex but appears to be a legitimate layout management system with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a UI layout and interaction library that manages draggable, resizable panels, headers, and content areas. It does not contain malware, suspicious behaviors, or malicious intent based on the code review. No security risks are identified beyond typical UI component considerations. It appears safe and intended for layout management purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}