{
  "purpose": "The code implements a system to calculate the Health Star Rating (HSR) for various food products based on nutritional information and food category.",
  "sources": "The code reads nutritional data such as energy, saturated fat, sugar, sodium, fibre, protein, and attributes like fruit/vegetable content, from function parameters. It also reads category identifiers to determine calculation rules.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily performs calculations and returns numerical ratings. It does not write to or send data to external systems or network, nor does it handle or process untrusted external inputs beyond function parameters. No data leaks, network transmissions, or system modifications are evident.",
  "flows": "Input nutritional data flows into calculation functions, which compute various points (baseline, fibre, FVNL, protein). These intermediate values feed into the final rating function, which produces a star rating. No external or untrusted data flows outside these calculations.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward and uses well-structured functions. It contains no obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or misleading variable names. It relies solely on supplied parameters for calculations, with no hardcoded secrets or credentials. No suspicious or unusual code patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines categories and attributes for food products and provides functions to calculate points based on nutritional metrics, then converts these points into a health star rating. It uses clear thresholds, categorization, and standard calculations consistent with nutritional rating systems. The functions operate deterministically and only process inputs to produce ratings. No external data handling, network activity, or potential for malicious behavior is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a transparent, well-structured implementation of a nutritional rating system with no signs of malicious intent. It does not perform any suspicious actions such as data exfiltration, network communication, or system modification. It appears safe and intended solely for calculating food ratings.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}