{
  "purpose": "This code implements the Health Star Rating (HSR) system to evaluate the nutritional profile of packaged foods, providing a star rating to aid consumers in making healthier choices.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, including nutritional information (energy, fats, sugars, sodium, fibre, protein), category attributes, and percentage of fruit/vegetable/nut/legume content.",
  "sinks": "There are no clear sinks where untrusted data affects system integrity or leaks occur. The code primarily performs calculations based on provided input values without external data transmission or unsafe operations.",
  "flows": "Input data (nutritional and attribute information) flow through calculation functions that process these values to produce a final star rating. No external data flows or network interactions are present.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. The calculations are straightforward, relying on predefined thresholds and mappings. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or suspicious variable manipulations are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard, domain-specific implementation of a nutritional rating system. It uses predefined thresholds and category-based logic to compute various nutritional points and derive a star rating. The structure and formatting are consistent with typical JavaScript modules for such calculations. No signs of malicious behavior, such as network requests, data exfiltration, or code injection, are present. The functions are purely computational and based solely on input data, with no external or unsafe operations. The logic aligns with the intended purpose, and there are no anomalies or suspicious patterns identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of a nutritional assessment system with no indicators of malicious intent or security risks. It processes input data to produce a star rating without external dependencies or unsafe behaviors. Overall, it appears safe and aligns with its purpose.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}