{
  "purpose": "This script is a Grunt task to read, modify, and write .NET assembly info files (.cs), potentially updating assembly attributes based on provided options.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from user-supplied configuration options (options.info), command-line arguments, file paths provided via grunt configuration, and files matched through glob patterns.",
  "sinks": "File system writes to assembly info files (fs.readFileSync and fs.writeFileSync). No network, environment variables, or external system commands are directly invoked. No untrusted data is written to external systems.",
  "flows": "Input options and glob patterns flow into reading and parsing assembly info files, with replacements made based on regex selectors. The data flows from input options to file contents and back to filesystem writes if modifications are made.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors. The code uses standard libraries and methods. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected. No unusual behaviors such as network activity, data exfiltration, or privilege escalation.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs file pattern matching, reads files, modifies specific attributes based on user-supplied options, and rewrites the files if changes are detected. It uses standard libraries like 'path', 'fs', 'glob', and custom helpers for MSBuild file processing. The processing logic is straightforward and appears to serve legitimate build automation purposes. No signs of malicious intent, data leakage, or malicious side effects are present. The code does not execute external commands, communicate over networks, or handle untrusted input beyond file pattern matching.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate Grunt task designed to modify assembly info files during build processes. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It performs controlled file modifications based on user options. No malicious signals or anomalies detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}