{
  "purpose": "The code implements a hover effect using WebGL with Three.js and GSAP, creating animated visual transitions between images with displacement maps and optional video textures.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from DOM elements (parent container, images, videos), and external dependencies (three, gsap). It also loads textures from URLs specified in the parameters.",
  "sinks": "Uses WebGL rendering to display effects on the webpage, but does not send data externally, modify system files, or perform network communication beyond texture loading.",
  "flows": "Data flows from DOM elements and external image/video URLs into textures, which are used in shaders to produce visual effects. User interactions (mouse/touch) trigger animation of displacement factor that modulates the shader.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily obfuscated by minification and dynamic property definitions, but no suspicious or malicious code patterns (such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system commands) are evident. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious network requests are present. The code mainly performs graphical rendering.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a self-executing function that supports different module systems (CommonJS, AMD, global). It logs a credit message and initializes a WebGL scene with Three.js, loading textures from provided image URLs, including optional videos. It creates shaders for displacement effects and responds to user interaction with animations. No network communication beyond texture loading, nor code that accesses sensitive system data or performs malicious actions, is found. The minified style and obfuscated variable names are typical for optimized JavaScript but do not indicate malicious intent. Overall, it functions as a visual enhancement library without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a visual effect library that creates animated hover effects with displacement maps and videos. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The obfuscation is consistent with minified production code and not suspicious. The package appears safe based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}