{
  "purpose": "Generate a sitemap XML content based on filesystem directory structure and route resolution, including handling duplicates and custom entries.",
  "sources": "Filesystem directory reading, route resolution functions, duplicate detection logic, configuration options for URL resolution and output.",
  "sinks": "XML string output for sitemap, console warnings for duplicate or unresolved routes, filesystem write operation for sitemap file.",
  "flows": "Filesystem data is read via fs.readdir and fs.stat, route resolution processes the directory entries, duplicate detection groups entries, and the final sitemap entries are generated and converted into XML string for output.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns; no obfuscation, no network activity, no hardcoded secrets. The code is straightforward and adheres to standard sitemap generation logic.",
  "analysis": "The code reads directory contents to identify indexable pages, resolves route paths while filtering out special folders and segments, handles duplicate route definitions with configurable resolution strategies, and generates an XML sitemap string. It uses filesystem APIs for reading directories and file metadata, with error handling via warnings. The route resolution filters out segments starting with '(', '_', '@', and 'index' or 'pages' directories. Duplicate handling can ignore, remove, or error on conflicts. The code outputs a well-formed XML sitemap, with optional custom entries and debugging logs. No malicious behavior, obfuscation, or network activity is present. The logic is standard for static sitemap generation, with no signs of sabotage or security issues.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard sitemap generator that reads filesystem directories, resolves routes, handles duplicates, and outputs XML. It contains no malicious activity, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The security risk is minimal, and the malware and obfuscated scores are correctly set to 0. The overall assessment confirms the code's benign nature and proper functionality.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}