{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for find-and-replace operations within files, likely used in build or deployment scripts.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments (files, find, replace, list, transform). It also requires external modules such as 'replace'.",
  "sinks": "The 'replace' module is used to modify files based on regex patterns, which can potentially be misused if inputs are untrusted, leading to code injection or unintended modifications.",
  "flows": "Input data (find, replace, list) flow into the replaceAll method and the findAndReplace function, which then invoke the 'replace' module to perform file modifications.",
  "anomalies": "Use of String.prototype.replaceAll with a custom implementation that constructs regex patterns from input; lack of input validation could be risky. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns observed. The code itself appears standard for automation scripts.",
  "analysis": "The script redefines String.prototype.replaceAll, then defines a findAndReplace function that logs actions and performs regex-based replacements in specified files using the 'replace' module. The module exports two functions, one for simple find-and-replace, and another for transforming a list of items into a string before replacing. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system manipulation. The code relies on external modules and performs standard file modifications. The use of dynamic regex construction warrants caution but is not inherently malicious. Overall, the code is a utility script with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard file manipulation utility for find-and-replace tasks. There are no malicious behaviors or suspicious anomalies detected. It could be misused if inputs are untrusted, but in itself, it does not contain malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}