{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component named 'pt' that creates a styled div element with a background image and shadow effects, and exports this component. It appears to be designed for rendering image-based UI elements with customizable size, shadow, and blur effects.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from component props: 'url', 'size', 'shadowSize', 'blurAmount', and other style-related props; accesses environment variables via 'process.env.NODE_ENV'. No direct user input sources are visible in the code itself.",
  "sinks": "Uses the input data to generate inline styles and CSS classNames for the JSX div element, which is rendered to the DOM. No data is sent over the network or written to files within this code.",
  "flows": "Input props ('url', 'size', 'shadowSize', 'blurAmount') flow into inline style variables ('--url', '--size', '--shadowSize', '--blurAmount'), which are used within CSS-in-JS styles for the rendered element. The styling affects the visual rendering but does not influence other system components or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses CSS custom properties with dynamically injected values from props, which is standard. The minified style makes it less transparent but no obfuscated or malicious language features are detected. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network calls are present. The use of 'process.env.NODE_ENV' is standard for environment detection. No indications of malware or malicious data leaks.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component that generates a styled div with customizable background image, size, shadow, and blur effects via CSS variables. It uses JSX syntax and CSS className composition to define styles. No external network calls, system modifications, or malicious logic are detected. The code appears to be a UI component for visual effects with no malicious intent or suspicious behaviors. The structure and content are consistent with standard React CSS-in-JS patterns, and the minified parts are typical for production build optimizations.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a React component intended for styled image display with visual effects. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or data leaks. The code is well-structured, uses common patterns, and does not exhibit obfuscation or malware signals. Overall, the package appears safe, with a low malware score and no immediate security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}