{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a React component for rendering an image with customizable size, shadow, and blur effects, and applies extensive CSS styling via inline styles and Tailwind CSS classes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the component's props (url, size, shadowSize, blurAmount, and other style-related props). It also accesses process.env.NODE_ENV for environment detection, and manipulates style variables in the DOM.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include inline style injection (`style` attribute with CSS variables), dynamic className generation with Tailwind CSS classes, and the use of URL data for background images. No direct data leaks or system modifications are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props into style variables, which are then applied to DOM elements via inline styles and className. The URL prop influences CSS background-image, while size and effects influence style calculations.",
  "anomalies": "The code constructs complex Tailwind class strings and inline styles dynamically, but this is consistent with a styled React component. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The large inclusion of CSS setup code is standard for styling libraries. The code does not perform network requests, system modifications, or data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The initial code sets up CSS variables and applies extensive styles, but all are related to styling the component. The component 'pt' creates a div with a background image set by a URL, with optional size, shadow, and blur effects, using CSS variables and Tailwind classes. No obfuscated or suspicious code constructs are present. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or system access is evident. The code's purpose aligns with styled visual presentation, not malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a React component designed for styled image rendering with customizable effects. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. Its complexity stems from styling logic, not malicious intent. Overall security risk is minimal, with no indicators of malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}