{
  "purpose": "The code provides a proxy implementation for accessing and managing photo library data within a browser environment, including reading files, generating thumbnails, and caching images.",
  "sources": "User-selected files via an input element, specifically files of type image.*; reading data URLs from these files; staticLibrary map accessing cached images and metadata.",
  "sinks": "Creating object URLs with URL.createObjectURL; drawing images onto canvas and exporting blobs; accessing staticLibrary data and generating image URLs; event listeners on file input elements.",
  "flows": "User selects files -> Files are read as Data URLs -> Data URLs are converted to images -> Thumbnails or photos are generated and provided via callbacks; staticLibrary is used for retrieving cached data and generating URLs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. Usage of dynamic creation and removal of DOM elements is typical. No suspicious network activity or obfuscated code is present. The code reads user files only and processes them locally.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles local file input and image processing in the browser context. It uses standard APIs such as FileReader, Image, Canvas, and Blob without suspicious or malicious API calls. No external network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoor mechanisms are detected. No obfuscated or malicious code structures are present. The logic for image caching and thumbnail generation appears benign and intended for client-side image management. No hardcoded credentials or unusual behaviors are found. The code does not perform any network requests, data leaks, or system modifications beyond normal image processing.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for local browser image handling, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs typical operations for a photo library plugin, including file selection, image reading, thumbnail creation, and local caching. No malware or malicious behaviors are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}