{
  "purpose": "The code implements a reactive state management system using RxJS, providing classes to manage actions and store states, and functions to create store instances.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from action streams (_dispatcher) and state updates (_store), and uses parameters like 'mapActionToState' in registerState method to process actions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include dispatching actions, updating internal state, and possibly exposing observable streams for external subscriptions.",
  "flows": "Actions emitted through the _dispatcher trigger mapActionToState functions, which update internal state; these updates are emitted via _store, which can be subscribed to. No external or untrusted data flows are explicitly visible, but state updates could be influenced via actions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or unusual behavior detected. The code does not perform network requests, file operations, or execute dynamic code. The use of setTimeout for deferred dispatching is standard. No backdoors or hidden behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a reactive store using RxJS. It manages internal state, actions, and subscriptions without evident malicious intent. The methods and patterns used are typical for state management libraries. No signs of malware, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior. The code is well-structured, with no obfuscated or suspicious constructs. It does not include network requests, environment variable access, or system modification commands. All data flows are confined within the JavaScript runtime and library functions.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward reactive state management implementation using RxJS. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It appears safe and intended for managing application state. No vulnerabilities or malicious signals identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}