{
  "purpose": "This code implements a watermark overlay system that can add text or image-based watermarks to a DOM element and optionally monitor changes to reapply the watermark.",
  "sources": "Reads input from constructor options (container, text, image, styles, etc.), environment detection via 'document' and 'HTMLElement' checks.",
  "sinks": "Sets CSS styles on DOM element ('background-image'), draws on Canvas which can include user-provided images or text, and creates Image objects for rendering.",
  "flows": "Input options are processed to set up Canvas and watermark parameters; images or text are drawn onto Canvas; resulting base64 image URL is set as background-image style of target DOM element.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code detected. Uses standard environment checks. The 'reportError' function throws errors directly; no obfuscated code present. No network or external data transmission observed.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a watermark overlay on specified DOM elements, supporting both image and text watermarks with customization options. It uses Canvas for rendering, and sets the generated image as background. It also supports mutation observers to keep watermarks persistent. All operations are contained within the environment; no external malicious network activity, credential handling, or system manipulation observed. The use of 'Image' and Canvas APIs is standard and does not involve unsafe or malicious practices. The only notable behavior is the potential for misuse in reapplying watermarks repeatedly, but this is aligned with intended functionality rather than malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard watermark overlay utility without malicious behavior. It reads inputs, processes them to generate watermarked backgrounds, and monitors DOM changes to maintain watermark presence. No signs of malware or malicious actions detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}