{
  "purpose": "This code implements a plugin management framework allowing registration, aliasing, installation, and lifecycle control of plugins within a JavaScript application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from constructor options, plugin database (Bootstrap.Plugins), and alias database (Bootstrap.Aliases). It also reads plugin definitions during installation.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include plugin instantiation and lifecycle methods, which could execute malicious plugin code if plugins are compromised. No external data transmission or network calls are present.",
  "flows": "Sources such as plugin database and constructor options flow into plugin instantiation and alias resolution. Resolved plugin names flow into __install, which creates plugin instances and triggers lifecycle events.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious dynamic code execution are detected. The alias recursion limit prevents infinite loops.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard plugin management system with registration, aliasing, and lifecycle methods. It uses safe patterns like recursion limits and dynamic class creation. No network activity, data leaks, or obfuscated code are present. The plugin database is external and could contain malicious plugins, but the core framework itself is benign. The alias resolution process is robust, and event triggers are standard. Overall, the code is well-structured, with no signs of malicious intent or security flaws.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured plugin management framework with no inherent malicious behavior. The primary security concern is the trustworthiness of external plugins registered in the database. The malware score is 0, obfuscation score is 0, and the overall security risk score is 0.2, reflecting typical supply chain risks associated with plugin systems.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}