{
  "purpose": "Automates snapshot creation, modifies source code for V8 snapshot deserialization, generates a snapshot, injects it into a Node.js binary, signs the binary on macOS, and performs cleanup.",
  "sources": "Reads compiled JavaScript source file, reads blob content, reads environment variables, executes external commands for signing and snapshot creation.",
  "sinks": "External commands ('codesign', 'execFileSync'), file system operations (write, rename, delete), binary injection via 'postject.inject'.",
  "flows": "Reads source and blob -> modifies source -> writes modified source -> creates snapshot -> copies and injects blob into binary -> signs binary -> renames and cleans up.",
  "anomalies": "Uses dynamic code replacement for snapshot setup, signs binaries on macOS with removal and re-signing, injects arbitrary blob data into executable without validation.",
  "analysis": "The script performs complex build automation involving source modification, snapshot generation, binary injection, and signing. No malicious code, backdoors, or credential leaks are present. The injection of external blob data is a potential vector if the blob is malicious, but the code itself is standard for advanced build processes. External commands are used appropriately, though their misuse could pose risks. The code is clear and straightforward, with no obfuscation. The main security concern is the lack of validation of the injected blob, which could be exploited if the blob content is malicious. The malware score is therefore 0, as no malicious intent is evident. The risk score is moderate (~0.4), considering the potential for malicious payloads if the blob is compromised, and the use of signature manipulation which could be exploited in malicious scenarios.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate build automation script that performs snapshot creation, binary injection, and signing. It does not contain malicious logic. The primary security concern is external blob content injection without validation, which could be exploited if the blob is malicious. Overall, the code itself is safe, with a low malware score, but the process warrants caution regarding input integrity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}