{
  "purpose": "The code provides a class for parsing, transforming, and interpolating SVG path data, supporting options for formatting and joining path data. It reads SVG 'path' elements, applies transformations, and samples points along the path commands.",
  "sources": "SVG data input, specifically the 'd' attribute of path elements, and 'transform' attributes for applying transformations.",
  "sinks": "Processed points stored internally; no external data exfiltration or network activity detected.",
  "flows": "SVG path data flows from input string through regex parsing, then into transformation and interpolation functions, resulting in sampled points stored in internal data structures.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, obfuscation, or suspicious code behaviors detected. Uses standard regex and external libraries for calculations. No dynamic code execution or network calls.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured SVG path parser and interpolator, utilizing regex to parse commands and arguments, applying transformations via an external SVGTransform class, and sampling points with calculators. It handles various SVG commands, applies offsets, and optionally trims path offsets. No signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior are present. The logic is consistent, and external dependencies are assumed safe. The code processes SVG data for graphics or animation purposes, with no external system or network interactions. The risk of resource exhaustion exists but is a common concern in SVG processing, not malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate SVG path utility, well-structured, with no evidence of malware, obfuscation, or malicious intent. It performs standard parsing, transformation, and sampling of SVG path data, with low security risk. The malware score should be 0, obfuscated 0, and the overall security risk minimal (~0.2).",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}