{
  "purpose": "The code implements a JavaScript SDK for interacting with the CRIPT API, including utility functions, HTTP client wrappers, data models, endpoint classes, and an API client for managing authentication and data retrieval.",
  "sources": "Input data for API requests (e.g., raw node data, URL parameters, request bodies), configuration objects for client setup, and environment variables (e.g., cookies).",
  "sinks": "HTTP fetch calls (via fetch and the custom Client.#fetch method), console logging functions, and setting of JWT tokens, which can be exploited for data exfiltration or malicious control if manipulated.",
  "flows": "Data flows from raw input objects through loadState methods into class instances; user input or external URL data is passed to HTTP methods (get, post, delete, etc.); tokens are set via setJwtAccessToken; and responses are processed and used to update state or create objects.",
  "anomalies": "The code primarily appears to be a comprehensive SDK with standard design patterns. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network calls are evident. No obfuscation or malicious dynamic code execution detected. Logging functions are straightforward. The HTTP client wraps fetch with proper error handling, with no evident malicious data leaks. No external domain calls or malware-like behavior (e.g., mining, system damage) are present. The code is well-structured, with typical modular classes and functions. Use of fetch is standard and does not suggest obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a full SDK for interacting with a remote API, handling data models, HTTP communication, and authentication. All fetch requests are properly wrapped with error handling and logging, with no signs of data exfiltration or malicious network activity. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found; tokens are managed via setter functions, which is typical. No suspicious code constructs, such as dynamic eval, code injection, or access to system resources, are present. The code maintains a clear separation of concerns, with transparent API interactions. Overall, it appears to be legitimate SDK code designed for safe API communication, with no indication of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured SDK for API interaction, with no malicious intent, suspicious behaviors, or security risks detected. It handles data modeling, HTTP requests, and authentication securely within its scope. No evidence of malware, backdoors, or malicious code is present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}