{
  "purpose": "This code implements a JavaScript SDK for interacting with the CRIPT API, including client configuration, HTTP request handling, node management, and endpoint creation.",
  "sources": "Data is read from configuration objects, environment variables (possibly indirectly through fetch), and external API responses via HTTP GET, POST, PUT, DELETE requests.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can flow from HTTP responses (body content) into node objects, and from user-provided inputs into request bodies for API calls, especially search and save operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external API responses into node objects via loadState methods; user input for search or node creation flows into HTTP request bodies; HTTP fetch responses are processed and mapped into class instances.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to be well-structured; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are evident. No suspicious obfuscation, hidden code, or malicious API calls are detected. Logging functions simply output to console. No dynamic code execution or eval statements are present. The HTTP client appropriately handles errors and responses. No unusual or malicious code snippets found.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a comprehensive SDK for managing nodes and interacting with a REST API, with clear separation of concerns. All data reads are from configuration or API responses; data sinks are mainly for API communication or updating object states. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malicious API endpoints are present. HTTP request handling includes error catching and logging, with no evidence of data exfiltration or malicious network behavior. The code does not perform any system-level or file system operations. No obfuscation or hidden malicious behaviors are detected. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, well-structured API SDK with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate SDK implementation for API interaction, node management, and request handling. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. All data flows are legitimate, and the code follows best practices for error handling and logging. Therefore, the overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}