{
  "purpose": "The code provides a JavaScript SDK for interacting with a remote API, including data models, HTTP client utilities, endpoint factories, and authentication management. It facilitates creating, retrieving, updating, and deleting various resource nodes like collections, data, experiments, files, and more.",
  "sources": "Sources include user input via raw data objects used to instantiate classes (e.g., loadState methods), URL parameters, and API responses fetched through the http client.",
  "sinks": "Sinks involve HTTP request methods (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE) with URLs, headers, and payloads; data is transmitted over the network. Also, the setJwtAccessToken method sets tokens that could be used for authentication.",
  "flows": "Data flows from raw input objects into class instances (via loadState), and then into HTTP request bodies for create/update operations. Authentication tokens flow from refresh responses into the JWT endpoint, influencing authorized requests. Data from API responses flows into class instances through factory methods, updating internal state.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. No suspicious URL manipulations or hidden network connections. The code includes typical logging wrappers, standard HTTP client implementation, resource models, and endpoint factories. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code detected. No privacy leaks or data exfiltration points apparent.",
  "analysis": "The SDK primarily manages resource models, HTTP communication, and API interactions. All URL manipulations are standard and sanitized. Authentication tokens are handled securely via refresh flow, with tokens stored in memory. The code adheres to typical SDK design patterns with no signs of malicious backdoors, data leaks, or hidden malicious behavior. No anomalous data flows or suspicious code paths identified. The use of fetch API is standard, and error handling is straightforward. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, well-structured SDK without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical SDK implementation for API interaction, resource management, and authentication. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are evident. It performs expected functions securely and transparently, with no hidden or suspicious code activities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}