{
  "purpose": "The code implements a PIXI.js-based particle system with configurable behaviors, spawn shapes, and particle properties, aimed at visual effects rendering.",
  "sources": "Configuration objects, shape data, texture identifiers, and path expressions provided at runtime.",
  "sinks": "No external network, file, or system calls; data flows are confined within graphics rendering and configuration inputs.",
  "flows": "Configuration inputs influence particle properties, textures, movement paths, and behaviors; no external data exfiltration observed.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'new Function' in 'parsePath' for dynamic expression parsing, mitigated by whitelisting of allowed math functions and characters.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured, feature-rich particle system library with standard utility functions. The main security concern is the 'parsePath' function, which constructs functions from strings. The whitelisting approach significantly reduces the risk of arbitrary code execution. Texture loading via 'Texture.from' is standard and safe when inputs are controlled. No signs of malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration are present. The code is obfuscated-free and well-organized, indicating low malicious intent. The primary risk stems from potential misuse of 'parsePath' with untrusted inputs, which could execute arbitrary code if not validated. Overall, the security risk is low, with a malware score around 0.05 and a risk score approximately 0.2, assuming trusted configuration inputs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured PIXI.js particle system library with minimal security concerns. The main vector for potential malicious activity is the dynamic code execution in 'parsePath', mitigated by whitelisting. No evidence of malware or backdoors is detected. Ensuring validation or sanitization of input strings used in 'parsePath' will further reduce risk. Overall, the security posture is low, suitable for use in controlled environments.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.05,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}