{
  "purpose": "Configure a development server environment for React applications with middleware, proxy, and environment-based settings.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (HTTPS, HOST, DANGEROUSLY_DISABLE_HOST_CHECK), filesystem check for proxy setup, middleware functions (error overlay, source map, service worker), configuration options (publicPath, proxy, host).",
  "sinks": "Middleware registration affecting server behavior, environment variable influence on security checks, filesystem check for proxy setup.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence server configuration; filesystem check triggers middleware; middleware functions handle error overlay, source maps, and service worker reset.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'DANGEROUSLY_DISABLE_HOST_CHECK' environment variable which can disable host verification, potentially risky if misused, but common in dev environments.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard React development server configuration with middleware for error overlay, source maps, and service worker reset. It uses environment variables to toggle HTTPS and host check behavior. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are present; the use of 'DANGEROUSLY_DISABLE_HOST_CHECK' is typical for development but could pose security risks if misused. The middleware functions and filesystem checks are standard. No obfuscation or malicious activity detected. The security risk score of 0.2 appropriately reflects the minimal risk associated with environment variable toggles in a controlled dev setting. Malware and obfuscated scores are correctly set to 0, indicating no malicious or obfuscated code. Overall, the code is safe for development purposes and does not pose a security threat in its current form.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical React development server configuration with no malicious intent or security vulnerabilities. The use of environment variables like 'DANGEROUSLY_DISABLE_HOST_CHECK' introduces a minor security consideration but is acceptable in development environments. The scores assigned are appropriate and consistent with the code content. No further action or scoring adjustments are necessary.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}