{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to perform performance analysis by collecting timing data from network requests and device metrics, computing statistical measures, and returning analyzed results.",
  "sources": "Input data from the 'runner' function (timing data), parameters 'custom', 'device', 'network', and 'timingsToCollect'. Reads include 'measurements' array, 'timing', 'paint', 'mark', and preset configurations.",
  "sinks": "The code does not appear to write or send untrusted data externally. It processes and returns computed metrics locally within the system.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'runner' function into 'timings', which are then analyzed to produce statistical metrics. Presets are fetched based on input parameters, influencing the runner configuration.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors detected. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. Functions are straightforward and perform statistical analysis only.",
  "analysis": "The code imports several statistical libraries for median, percentile, mean, variance, and MAD calculations. It defines utility functions for timing conversions and data extraction. The main 'start' function manages asynchronous data collection over multiple iterations, utilizing presets for device and network settings. Collected timings are processed to compute various metrics, which are then returned. Presets are retrieved with validation, and error handling is present for unknown presets. No external network connections or suspicious activities are evident. The code appears to perform legitimate performance analysis without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is legitimate performance measurement code with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain obfuscated or suspicious code segments. All operations are transparent and limited to data processing and statistical analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}