{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebSocket library for Node.js, including server and client functionality, extension handling, message encoding/decoding, and event management. It provides the core components needed to establish, manage, and terminate WebSocket connections, supporting features like compression, protocol negotiation, and custom extensions.",
  "sources": "Input sources include HTTP/HTTPS upgrade requests, headers (e.g., 'sec-websocket-key', 'sec-websocket-protocol', 'sec-websocket-extensions'), URL parsing for connection parameters, and network socket data streams.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are WebSocket message handling functions, extension negotiation, frame processing, and network socket writes. No direct data leaks are evident, but untrusted input can influence connection parameters or message content.",
  "flows": "Input headers (keys, protocols, extensions) are parsed and validated, then used to establish protocol parameters. Data frames are received, validated, possibly decompressed, and emitted as 'message' events. Outgoing frames are constructed, masked, and sent via network sockets. Extension negotiation and protocol handling follow source-to-sink pathways but do not perform malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code performs typical WebSocket protocol operations. It includes comprehensive validation, extension support, and error handling. No suspicious network connections or hidden malicious code snippets are detected. Usage of cryptographic functions and event emitters aligns with standard practices.",
  "analysis": "The code thoroughly covers WebSocket protocol implementation, including client and server modes, extension handling (like permessage-deflate), frame parsing/serialization, and event management. All input data undergo validation, and errors are properly handled with appropriate error codes. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, hidden network connections, or code injection are identified. The code relies on established Node.js modules and standard patterns for WebSocket communication, with no obfuscation or suspicious dynamic code execution. The structure and functions appear legitimate and consistent with open-source WebSocket libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard WebSocket library implementation with comprehensive validation and extension support. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or sabotage. It adheres to typical protocol standards and security practices. Overall, the code appears safe, with no malicious intent or security risks detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}