{
  "purpose": "This code provides an implementation of WebSocket client and server functionalities, including connection handling, message framing, extension negotiation, and event management. It enables real-time bidirectional communication over the web using the WebSocket protocol.",
  "sources": "Sources of data include network socket streams (`socket.on('data')`), HTTP upgrade requests, headers (`sec-websocket-key`, `sec-websocket-extensions`, `sec-websocket-protocol`), and user inputs via API calls such as `send()`, `close()`, `terminate()`. It reads request headers, URL components, and internal extension parameters.",
  "sinks": "Sinks are in the functions that write data to sockets (`socket.write`, `socket.end`, `socket.destroy`), and event emissions (`emit` for 'message', 'error', 'close', 'ping', 'pong'). Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted data is mishandled or if sensitive headers/parameters are improperly logged or exposed. No evidence of data exfiltration or malicious network connections is observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from network socket streams into internal buffers, then through frame parsing, extension processing (like deflate), and event emission. Outgoing data is framed, optionally compressed, masked, and sent over sockets. Control frames (close, ping, pong) are handled and responses generated accordingly. The flow adheres to protocol specifications without suspicious redirection or covert channels.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network connections are present. The code strictly follows WebSocket protocol standards. There are no signs of obfuscation or unusual dynamic code execution. Usage of well-known modules (crypto, http, net, tls) is standard. No suspicious data handling or manipulations are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code offers comprehensive WebSocket protocol support, including connection upgrade, message framing, extension negotiation, and event-driven data handling. It carefully manages socket states, input validation, and error handling, following protocol standards. No malicious behavior such as unauthorized data exfiltration, hidden network connections, or sabotage mechanisms is detected. The implementation appears to be a typical, standards-compliant WebSocket library with no signs of tampering or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured WebSocket library implementation. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or unauthorized data leaks. It strictly follows protocol specifications and employs common modules securely. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}