{
  "purpose": "The code implements a streaming uploader to AWS S3 that handles multipart uploads, buffering, and error management for a provided stream, facilitating efficient upload of large data streams to S3.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the input stream via 'stream.on('data')' and 'stream.on('end')'. AWS credentials (s3AccessKey, s3SecretKey) are supplied as function parameters, and S3 parameters are used during client configuration.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could flow into AWS SDK calls (e.g., uploadPart, completeMultipartUpload) through 'Body' of chunks, and potentially sensitive information such as AWS credentials if improperly handled. However, the code does not appear to leak data externally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the stream into buffers, which are then uploaded to S3 in chunks. AWS credentials are used for client creation, and S3 upload operations handle data transmission. Error events propagate through the 'error' event emitter, managing aborts if necessary.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present; credentials are passed as parameters. No suspicious network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. The code appears structured for standard multipart upload handling. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution is detected. No use of malicious APIs or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code performs multipart upload to AWS S3 with buffering, chunking, retries, and error handling. It manages stream input and uploads parts asynchronously, emitting events for progress and completion. The handling of credentials is parameterized, and the flow of data is standard. No suspicious or malicious behaviors are evident. The code is complex but aligns with typical streaming upload patterns. No indications of malware, backdoors, or unauthorized data exfiltration are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a streaming multipart S3 uploader. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage features. The structure and functions are consistent with intended data upload workflows, and no security risks or malware signals are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}