{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be part of a React-based 3D scene editing library that integrates with three.js, zustand, and other dependencies. Its main purpose is to provide editable 3D objects, cameras, and scene snapshots within a React application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from React component props (e.g., 'theatreKey', 'sheet', 'component props'), context providers (SheetProvider, RafDriverProvider), and internal state (editorStore). It also reads scene objects, camera states, and object configurations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include updates to scene objects, camera parameters, and scene snapshots. The code updates object properties via 'apply' functions, modifies scene and camera states, and invokes snapshot creation. No network communication or file system access is directly visible.",
  "flows": "Data flows from React props and context (sources) into internal state and scene objects, where they are applied through 'apply' methods. Scene snapshot functions read scene and object states and create copies. Changes in props trigger object updates, and scene snapshots capture current states for undo/redo or animation.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive boilerplate and minified-looking utility functions for object property handling. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. No code explicitly performs network communication, data exfiltration, or file operations. All code appears to be standard scene and object management routines. No backdoors, system manipulations, or covert operations are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is focused on React component creation, scene object registration, and property application for 3D objects, cameras, and helpers. It uses typical React hooks, context, and state management. No obfuscation, hidden code, or malicious API usage is present. The functions for scene snapshotting, scene object handling, and object configuration are standard for a scene editor. The code does not perform any suspicious actions such as data transmission, system modifications, or unauthorized access. The structure is complex but consistent with scene management and editor functionality.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate scene editing library with React integration, handling scene snapshots, camera controls, and scene object management. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It does not contain malicious code or suspicious network activity. All observed behaviors align with standard 3D scene editing and React component patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}