{
  "purpose": "The code primarily sets up a React-based 3D editing environment with custom camera components, context providers, state management, and utility functions. It facilitates editing and snapshotting of 3D scenes with integration into React Three Fiber and TheatreJS frameworks.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from React props, context providers, and state (e.g., sheet objects, component props, scene objects). It accesses external libraries such as React, Three.js, and Theatre core, and uses hooks to retrieve scene, camera, and other environment data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include modifying scene objects, updating camera matrices, and setting state or proxy objects. The code applies parsed user input (props) to 3D object properties (position, rotation, scale, color, etc.), and interacts with scene objects and proxies through functions like 'sheet.object' and 'set' operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from React component props and context into parsing functions (e.g., createVectorPropConfig, createNumberPropConfig, createColorPropConfig). Parsed values are then applied to Three.js objects and stored in sheet objects or proxies. UseEffect hooks handle scene snapshot creation, object registration, and updating object properties based on external input. User interactions or external updates trigger these flows.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns or anomalies are evident. The code is heavily focused on scene and camera management, with standard React hooks, context, and state updates. No hardcoded credentials, network communication, or obfuscated logic are present. The minified-looking code at the beginning appears to be only utility functions and module boilerplate, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code imports and sets up React context providers, hooks, and state management for a 3D editing environment. It defines utility functions for creating and parsing scene object properties, including vectors, numbers, and colors. The scene setup functions instantiate and update Three.js objects, applying user-provided values from props. The hooks ensure that scene snapshots are taken and updated properly, and the context provides access to scene, camera, and sheet data. The code uses standard React patterns and scene management techniques, with no signs of data exfiltration, malicious code injection, or suspicious network activity. The minified boilerplate code appears to be standard transpilation artifacts rather than obfuscation or malware.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical implementation of a React-based 3D scene editor with custom camera components, scene management, and integration with external scene and sheet objects. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It operates within the expected scope of scene property updates, state management, and scene snapshotting. Overall, the code appears secure and intentionally designed for scene editing purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}