{
  "purpose": "This code defines an EasyAnimation class that manages tween animations for Tiny.js display objects, providing methods to set configurations, play, stop, and clear animations.",
  "sources": "Reads include constructor parameters (displayObject), method arguments (config, animationName, playTimes, etc.), and internal variables such as tweenConfigs and animation data parsed from configs.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows mainly through animation configuration objects, which influence property updates and tween targets. No direct data leaks or malicious sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Animation configs are parsed to create tween sequences; these sequences update display object properties; completion handlers reset properties or trigger events; no external untrusted network interaction occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors detected. The code uses standard utility functions, and all tween configurations and property updates are predictable and intended. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The logic appears standard for an animation library.",
  "analysis": "The code creates and manages tween animations, with methods to configure, control, and clear animations. It parses animation configs, chains tweens, and updates display object properties accordingly. There is no indication of data exfiltration, network activity, or malicious behavior. All data flows are within the context of animation setup and control, with no suspicious external interactions or backdoors. The structure is clear, and the implementation aligns with typical animation library patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate animation management library for Tiny.js display objects. It handles configuration and execution of animations securely without any signs of malicious intent or sabotage. No malware, malicious data leaks, or suspicious external behavior are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}