{
  "purpose": "This script automates the process of building, packaging, and optionally uploading precompiled binaries for a Node.js native addon across multiple platforms and targets.",
  "sources": "User-provided command-line arguments (argv), environment variables (process.env), package.json configurations, and the script's own filesystem reads (e.g., package.json, build definitions, gyp files).",
  "sinks": "Execution of external processes (spawn for gyp), file system operations (copy, delete), network upload functions, and tarball creation, which could potentially leak data if misused.",
  "flows": "User inputs (argv, environment variables) influence build configuration and file paths; build functions invoke external processes for compilation; files are copied/deleted; tarballs are created; upload functions send data over the network.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. The script performs standard build and packaging operations; however, the use of environment variables like GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN for upload is a potential security concern if misused, but not inherently malicious. No obfuscated code or malware-like behavior detected. The code dynamically executes build commands based on user input, which can be risky if input is malicious, but in context, this is typical for build scripts.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily handles build automation: determining targets, configuring build arguments, copying build artifacts, and packaging them. It uses environment variables and command-line arguments to control behavior. No evidence of malicious code such as network exfiltration, backdoors, or unauthorized data access. The upload process uses a token, which if compromised, could lead to unauthorized uploads, but the code itself does not contain malicious intent. No suspicious code patterns, obfuscation, or malware signatures identified. The script appears to be a legitimate build and packaging tool with standard practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical build and packaging script for a Node.js native addon, with no evident malicious behavior. It relies on external tools and environment variables for configuration and performs expected operations such as file copying, process spawning, and network upload. While the use of tokens and environment variables warrants caution, they are common in build scripts and not inherently malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}