{
  "purpose": "This code implements a set of basic arithmetic operations and a calculator class (HiCalcPro) for performing sequential calculations with various operators. It appears to be designed for mathematical computations with controlled precision.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters and method calls, such as the arguments passed to arithmetic functions and the constructor of HiCalcPro.",
  "sinks": "The operations and class methods do not perform external data output or network transmission. No sinks indicate potential data leaks or malicious actions.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function arguments into internal calculation functions, and results are stored within class properties, with no external transmission or unsafe handling observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs are present. The code uses standard arithmetic and class patterns. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or misleading variable names are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines basic arithmetic functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide) with attention to decimal precision. It includes safeguards against division by zero. The class HiCalcPro manages cumulative calculations, with methods for each operation that update the internal value. The code uses standard JavaScript features, no external network requests, no hidden or suspicious code. The overall structure and implementation are straightforward, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. The logic appears focused solely on arithmetic computations without external side effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward calculator implementation with no evidence of malicious intent or security vulnerabilities. It performs standard mathematical operations securely, with no indications of malware, data leaks, or supply chain attacks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}