{
  "purpose": "This code provides mathematical utility functions and a calculator class (HiCalcPro) for performing arithmetic operations with control over decimal places. It appears to be designed for numerical calculations within JavaScript applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments, method parameters, and possibly external inputs through method calls like add, sub, mul, div with user-provided arrays of numbers.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the calculation methods (add, sub, mul, div) where untrusted input arrays could lead to unexpected computations. No direct network operations or file system access are present.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data flows from input parameters of calculation methods into the internal operation generator, which processes data with arithmetic functions (add, sub, mul, div) before returning the result. There are no external sinks like network or file I/O.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs basic arithmetic operations with checks like division by zero. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code uses BigInt for division to handle fractional calculations accurately. No obfuscation or unusual language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines operators and functions for splitting numbers into digits, counting integer and decimal digits, and creating arithmetic operations with decimal precision. The main class HiCalcPro manages calculations with an internal value and supports chaining methods (add, sub, mul, div). The operations generate results based on the inputs, with careful handling of division by zero. No network access, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior is evident. The code appears to be a standard utility for precise arithmetic calculations without any suspicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a mathematical utility module with a calculator class. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The functions are safe, intended for precise arithmetic operations, and show no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}