{
  "purpose": "Render SVG charts using Chart.js and custom canvas rendering with potential customization for style and classes.",
  "sources": "Imports from '@jsrob/svg-canvas' and 'chart.js/auto'; globalThis.CanvasGradient; parameters from function arguments; global variables; the 'Chart' constructor; data inputs in function parameters.",
  "sinks": "SVG output string; DOM styles and classes; Response object with SVG content; Chart.js rendering process that could handle untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Input data (chart data, style parameters) -> Chart.js rendering process -> SVG string with embedded styles/classes -> Response with SVG content.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Usage of replaceAll for styling indicates potential dynamic content but not malicious per se. The code includes comments referencing Deno projects but no direct malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily sets up a custom canvas class, overrides some methods, and renders a chart using Chart.js with configurable styling. It manipulates SVG strings to embed style and class attributes based on input parameters. The global CanvasGradient is temporarily overridden, which is benign here. No signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious network activity are present. The comments referencing Deno authors are attribution notes, not malicious code. No obfuscated or suspicious patterns are identified. The data flow involves rendering chart data into SVG and returning it as a Response object, which could be used with untrusted input but is a standard pattern for SVG generation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for rendering SVG charts with customizable styles and classes. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware indicators. The only concern could be handling of untrusted input parameters for styling, which is common in chart rendering. Overall, it appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}