{
  "purpose": "This code provides various models to calculate pathloss for different scenarios and environments in wireless communications, including LOS and NLOS conditions across multiple models like RMA, UMA, UMI, indoor hotspot, and indoor femto cell scenarios.",
  "sources": "Inputs include fc (frequency), d_2D (2D distance), h_BS (base station height), h_UT (user terminal height), W (width), h (height), type (scenario type), and option flags. These are read from function parameters, assertion checks, and imported probability functions.",
  "sinks": "No sinks that execute untrusted data in a harmful manner. The code performs mathematical calculations based on input parameters without executing external commands, writing to files, or network operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through mathematical functions and assertions, leading to the calculation of pathloss values. There are no external system calls or data transmissions.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The functions perform standard calculations and include assertions to validate input ranges. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution present.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple pathloss models for different scenarios, relying on well-known formulas and statistical models. The import of probability functions suggests some probabilistic behavior, but these are standard in pathloss modeling. Assertions ensure input validation. The code is straightforward mathematical modeling with no signs of malicious activity or malicious data handling. The structure is typical for such calculations, with clear separation of models and scenario handling. No external data or commands are invoked that could be malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of pathloss calculation models used in wireless communication system simulations. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. The functions perform mathematical calculations based on input parameters, with proper validation. There are no signs of malicious intent or harmful side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}