{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React modal component for changing schools, displaying a list of schools, and allowing the creation of new schools.",
  "sources": "Reads include 'props.visible', 'props.onCancel', 'props.schoolList', 'props.createSchool', and global 'window.location.host'. It also reads local resource URLs for images.",
  "sinks": "Creates hyperlinks with school URLs containing tokens, loads images from external URLs, and renders SVG elements. It also accesses window location for domain checks.",
  "flows": "Source of 'schoolList' data and 'window.location.host' feeds into rendering the school list and domain comparisons. Clicking on school items or create option triggers functions that may invoke external navigation or actions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network calls, or hidden code detected. External URLs for images are from trusted CDNs and appear related to school logos. The code's structure follows standard React patterns with no obfuscated code or dynamic code execution. No backdoors, system data exfiltration, or malicious behaviors identified.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily renders a modal interface allowing users to switch schools or create a new one. It uses external UI libraries (Ant Design), loads images from CDN URLs, and interacts with window.location to determine the current domain. It constructs URLs for schools using the domain and a token from headers. No network requests, data collection, or secret data handling observed. SVG icons are static. The code maintains standard React patterns, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious code. Given the content, there are no indications of malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward React component for user interface purposes, with no malicious intent or security risks. It safely renders a list of schools, allows creation of new ones, and interacts with the user as expected. No suspicious behavior, backdoors, or malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}