{
  "purpose": "This module monitors system resource usage, performance metrics, and runtime statistics for the current process, providing functions for retrieving CPU, memory, load average, and delay metrics, as well as formatting these metrics for reporting.",
  "sources": "Reads input/data from process and OS modules (e.g., resourceUsage, threadCpuUsage, memoryUsage, os.loadavg, os.totalmem, os.availableParallelism), environment variables (via global objects if present), and internal function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Outputs metrics through return statements, console logging (via toString), and JSON serialization (via toJSON). No data leaks or untrusted data flows are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from system resource queries (resourceUsage, os.*) to internal calculations and finally to output functions (toString, toJSON). No untrusted data is propagated into critical sinks such as network or file system.",
  "anomalies": "Uses global object checks to conditionally access process and os functions, which may be non-standard but not inherently malicious. No suspicious hard-coded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code detected. The code maintains clarity and purpose. No suspicious network activity or code injection observed.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes system and process metrics, conditionally based on the presence of a global.Bare object, which suggests adaptability for different runtime environments. It sets up an interval to periodically record resource metrics, stores recent samples, and provides functions to compute CPU, thread CPU, memory, load averages, and delay. The code does not perform any network activity, file modifications, or data exfiltration. No hidden or malicious behavior detected. The only potential concern is reliance on global objects, which could affect security if these globals are tampered with, but this is a controlled pattern and not malicious per se.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a system resource and performance monitoring utility with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It functions to collect and report metrics without performing any suspicious operations or data leaks. It appears to be a benign, utility-focused module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}