{
  "purpose": "This code exports a module that initializes and returns an object containing various geocoding and distance-related functions, using a provided token for API requests.",
  "sources": "The input source is the 'token' parameter passed to the exported function.",
  "sinks": "The 'RequestHelper' likely performs network requests; potential data leaks or malicious activity could occur during these requests, especially if the token is misused or compromised.",
  "flows": "The token is validated as a string, then used to create a RequestHelper object, which is subsequently used to initialize multiple modules ('forward-geocoding', 'reverse-geocoding', 'distance', 'direction', 'tile'). These modules potentially send or receive data over the network when their functions are invoked.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically requires helper modules and passes the token for request initialization. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. The code structure appears standard for an SDK or API wrapper. No unusual code patterns, obfuscation, or suspicious logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs parameter validation for 'token', then requires helper modules, initializing them with the token. These modules are likely responsible for network requests related to geocoding and distance calculations. The structure suggests a typical API client setup. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or secret exfiltration mechanisms are present. Since the actual request modules are external, the risk depends on their implementation, but within this code, no malicious or maliciously disguised behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward API wrapper for geocoding services, with proper validation and no signs of malicious intent or suspicious activity. It appears safe, assuming external modules are secure. No malware or malicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}