{
  "purpose": "This code interacts with a SensibleNFT library to create, issue, sell, cancel, and buy NFTs on a blockchain network, specifically on mainnet. It manages multiple signers and addresses, performing NFT lifecycle operations.",
  "sources": "Reads static WIF private keys, addresses, and hardcoded transaction IDs; reads network configuration; takes inputs from function parameters such as totalSupply and opreturnData.",
  "sinks": "Sends transactions to the blockchain via nft.genesis, nft.issue, nft.sell, nft.cancelSell, and nft.buy methods. Uses private keys (WIF) for signing transactions, which are sensitive data.",
  "flows": "Static private keys (sources) are used directly in transaction functions (sinks) for signing. NFT operations flow from initialization (genesis) to issuing and trading, with private keys serving as source-to-sink authorization keys.",
  "anomalies": "Hardcoded private keys (WIFs) for multiple entities, including the fee payer, CoffeeShop, Alice, and Bob, which is insecure. Use of hardcoded transaction IDs and addresses, indicating test or demo data, but could be exploited if misused in production. No obfuscation or malicious code patterns detected; no dynamic code execution or network communication besides standard blockchain transactions.",
  "analysis": "The code explicitly includes sensitive private keys as hardcoded strings, which constitutes a severe security vulnerability if used outside a controlled environment. These keys enable signing transactions directly, risking unauthorized fund access if compromised. The code appears to be intended for development or testing, given the hardcoded data, but in a real scenario, it could facilitate malicious transfers if misused. No evidence of malware, backdoors, or covert data exfiltration present. The flow is straightforward, with private keys acting as sources for signing transactions. No suspicious network communications other than legitimate blockchain interactions. Overall, the main concern is the insecure handling of private keys.",
  "conclusion": "The code contains critical security risks due to hardcoded private keys (WIFs), which could lead to unauthorized access to funds if exploited. It is likely intended for testing or development purposes. No malicious behavior or malware detected, but insecure key management makes this code unsuitable for production use.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.8,
  "report_number": 1
}