{
  "purpose": "This code performs spectral data processing and chemical structure analysis, including reading spectral and molecular data files, predicting NMR spectra, and assigning spectral peaks to molecular structures.",
  "sources": "FS.readFileSync(__dirname + filename) for spectral and molecular data files, JSON.parse(loadFile(...)) for database loading, spectrum.getRanges() for data extraction, and process.env or other external inputs are not explicitly used.",
  "sinks": "No clear sinks that lead to data leaks or system modifications are present; outputs are primarily assertions and function calls. No network connections or system modifications are detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file reads into spectral and molecular data structures, then into the predictor functions for analysis and assignment, with results used for assertions. No external untrusted inputs are forwarded to sensitive system areas.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for spectral data processing with no obfuscated code, unusual code patterns, or hidden behaviors. Commented-out code is harmless. File paths are relative, but this is typical in test code.",
  "analysis": "The code reads spectral and molecular files synchronously from the filesystem, processes spectral data, and performs NMR spectral prediction and assignment. It uses established libraries and standard JSON data loading. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or suspicious patterns are detected. The only external interaction is reading files and loading a JSON database, which are typical for such processing tasks. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The code is structured as a test suite, with assertions validating expected behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs legitimate spectral data processing and analysis functions without evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It relies on standard libraries and file operations, with no suspicious network activity or system modifications observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}