{
  "purpose": "This source code defines a GnomadTrack class for visualizing genomic variants in a browser-based genome browser, including rendering graphics, handling tile data, and managing user interactions.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration options, tile data, variant data, and user interactions. Imports external modules and dependencies, including a Web Worker script, PIXI textures, and HTML sanitization functions.",
  "sinks": "Uses sanitized HTML for mouse-over info displays. Renders graphical overlays via PIXI graphics. Does not write to external systems or perform network requests within this code fragment.",
  "flows": "Data flows from tile fetching and variant data sources into rendering functions. User input and hover interactions trigger HTML generation and graphical updates. No evidence of untrusted data being used maliciously or being injected into critical system functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a typical visualization component with no unusual or suspicious logic. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious payloads are evident. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns. The import of a Web Worker script is standard for offloading processing.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a visualization module for displaying genomic variants. It manages rendering, zooming, panning, and displaying variant info. The use of external dependencies (e.g., Web Worker, PIXI, sanitize-html) is standard. The HTML sanitization is correctly used to prevent injection attacks. No network requests, file manipulations, or system commands are present. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. The code structure and logic do not suggest malicious intent. The only potentially concerning element is the import of a Web Worker script as a string, which is used locally for off-thread processing—this is a common pattern in web visualization tools.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured visualization module with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It properly sanitizes user-facing HTML and avoids insecure operations. No malware signals or security risks are detected based on this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}