{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom Google Maps overlay class 'RichMarker' for creating customizable map markers with various properties and behaviors.",
  "sources": "Reads include function parameters, 'this.get', 'this.set', 'this.getProjection', DOM elements creation and manipulation, and event listeners attached to DOM elements and Google Maps objects.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are DOM manipulations, style changes (like boxShadow, zIndex), event triggers ('click', 'mouseover', 'mouseout', 'dragstart', 'dragend', 'drag'), and data modifications via 'set' and 'get' methods.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (like 'content', 'position', 'visible', 'shadow', 'flat', 'zIndex', 'draggable', 'anchor') flows from external parameters to property setters and then influences DOM styles and map marker behaviors.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses obfuscated-like variable names ('a', 'c', 'd', 'e', etc.), assigns event listeners for dragging and DOM events, and manipulates styles dynamically. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious URL connections, or backdoors are evident. The code appears consistent with a map marker library, but obfuscation and dynamic DOM handling could hide malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a Google Maps overlay class with multiple prototype methods for visibility, appearance, positioning, and interactivity. It handles draggable markers, custom content, and styling. Event handlers are set for user interaction, including dragging. No external network communication, data exfiltration, or suspicious domain activity is detected. The code's obfuscation style makes it harder to interpret, but all functions serve marker rendering and interaction within Google Maps. No malicious code such as data theft, backdoors, or system damage is apparent. The code appears to be a complex but legitimate map marker implementation, with no signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a sophisticated implementation of a custom Google Maps marker with standard features and event handling. No malicious behavior or sabotage is detected. The obfuscation appears to be a code styling choice rather than an intent to hide malicious actions.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.3,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}