{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for deleting, copying, and cleaning up files and directories during a build or deployment process using the grunt task runner.",
  "sources": "Paths provided via function parameters such as 'path', 'source', 'destination', and options including 'working_directory', 'packaging_directory_name', and 'package_location'. These are used to determine file and directory targets for operations.",
  "sinks": "File system operations such as 'grunt.file.delete', 'grunt.file.copy', and directory creation via 'grunt.file.mkdir'. These act as sinks where input paths influence file system modifications.",
  "flows": "Input data (paths, options) flows through functions to perform deletions or copies on specified files/directories, potentially affecting the file system based on external input.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be straightforward utility functions for build scripts; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious logic are present. No obfuscated code or unusual language features detected. The code does not perform network activity, data exfiltration, or privilege escalation.",
  "analysis": "The code defines internal utility functions for deleting and copying files/directories using grunt.js API, with parameters supplied at runtime. It includes logic to delete specific file types and directories, which is typical in build scripts to clean up temporary files. No input validation beyond basic checks is present, but since these are standard build utilities, this does not imply malicious intent. No evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. No hardcoded credentials or sensitive data observed.",
  "conclusion": "This code constitutes standard build utility functions for managing files and directories. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this module. The code appears safe and typical for its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}