{
  "purpose": "This code defines React components for rendering squircle-shaped images with masking styles, primarily for UI/UX purposes involving custom shapes and images.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component props such as width, height, ratio, href, style, and other styling-related properties. It also calls utility functions to generate data URIs for mask images.",
  "sinks": "The maskImage style property uses a data URI generated from utils, which could potentially be manipulated if the utility function is compromised. The React components render DOM elements with attributes like href, style, and clipPath.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props into style calculations and into the data URI generation, which is then used in CSS mask styles. Props.href is used to embed images, and style props influence rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The code appears to follow standard React and SVG practices. No dynamic code execution, network connections, or obfuscated code is present. Utility functions are imported but not provided, but their usage seems straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React module that renders squircle shapes with masking styles, using SVG clip paths and data URIs for masks. It reads configuration from props and applies styles accordingly. No malicious behavior such as network requests, data exfiltration, or system manipulation is evident. Utility functions like getSquirclePathAsDataUri are used for generating mask images but are presumed safe as their implementation is not shown. The overall structure is typical for UI components, and there are no signs of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign React component for visual rendering with no indications of malicious intent. It relies on external utility functions that are presumed safe. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are present. Overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}