{
  "purpose": "Manage ngrok processes and tunnels via system commands and local API queries.",
  "sources": "Process IDs obtained from 'pgrep ngrok'; API responses from 'http://localhost:4040/api/tunnels'.",
  "sinks": "Execution of 'kill -9' command to terminate processes; HTTP request to localhost API.",
  "flows": "From 'exec' and 'spawn' commands to process management; from API request to JSON parsing and callback.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code or hardcoded secrets; use of 'kill -9' is forceful but standard in such scripts.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard process management tasks for ngrok: starting processes with 'spawn', killing with 'kill -9', and querying local API for tunnel info. It uses straightforward Node.js modules and system commands. No obfuscation, malicious payloads, or suspicious network activity are present. The process ID retrieval via 'pgrep' and process termination are typical but could be misused if external inputs influence parameters; however, as written, inputs are internally controlled. The API interactions are local and standard for ngrok. The code's simplicity and lack of malicious behavior justify low malware and obfuscation scores. The use of 'kill -9' is forceful but common; the security risk is minimal but warrants caution if external inputs are introduced. Overall, the code is benign, with scores aligned with its functionality.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility for managing ngrok tunnels, with no signs of malware, obfuscation, or malicious intent. The process control commands are standard, and the API interactions are safe. The assigned scores in the reports are accurate and consistent with the code's behavior. The security risk is low, primarily due to the use of forceful process termination, which should be used cautiously. Overall, the code poses minimal security concerns and functions as intended.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}