{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component for an accordion UI element with styling and animation features. It manages state to toggle the accordion open/close and dynamically applies CSS variables for styling.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from DOM elements (e.g., document.querySelector), style properties, and React component props (such as accordianStatus, accordianBodyHeight, etc.). It also accesses environment variables indirectly via CSS variables.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to CSS variables in the DOM (document.style.setProperty), updates component state, and dynamically inserts style tags into the document head.",
  "flows": "Data flows from React props into style setting (sources to DOM style), and user interactions (clicks) trigger state updates that toggle the accordion's classes and styles, affecting the DOM elements. No external or untrusted input is processed beyond typical React state and props.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code uses standard React and DOM manipulation for styling and UI toggle logic. No external network calls, data exfiltration, or suspicious behavior observed. Styling is purely visual; no injection points or code execution via eval or similar functions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component implementing an accordion UI. It dynamically sets CSS variables based on props to control animations and appearance. It manages toggle states internally and responds to user clicks to expand/collapse content. It uses DOM querying and style manipulation but no external data sources or insecure operations. There are no signs of malware or malicious behavior. The only notable aspect is direct DOM style manipulation, which is common in styling components. The code appears to be a standard UI component with configurable styles and animations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React-based UI accordion component with dynamic styling. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It functions as intended for UI interaction without security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}