{
  "purpose": "This code generates GLSL shader source code for vertex and fragment shaders, embedding a custom expression into the fragment shader for rendering purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from uniform variables (resolution, tex, matrix) and texture sampling via the getDataMatrix function.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the 'color' variable, which is ultimately used to set 'FragColor'. The embedded expression may modify 'color'.",
  "flows": "Texture data is read via getDataMatrix, stored in 'arr', and then the embedded expression manipulates 'color' based on this data, with the final color output assigned to 'FragColor'.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically inserts a user-supplied expression into the shader code via string interpolation (${expression}). This pattern can be risky if 'expression' includes malicious GLSL code that alters rendering behavior or leaks data. The code itself appears as a template generator, with no explicit malicious code present.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs vertex and fragment shaders for WebGL 2.0 (GLSL ES 300). It defines data retrieval from textures and outputs a final color. The dynamic injection of '${expression}' into the shader source is a potential vector for malicious GLSL code if the input 'expression' is untrusted or manipulated. No hardcoded credentials, network connections, or system commands are present. The shaders operate purely on GPU data and do not perform network or system operations. The use of string interpolation for the 'expression' indicates a potential risk if the input is not sanitized. However, the code itself does not contain malicious logic; its risk depends on the source of 'expression'.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a shader template generator that dynamically inserts an expression into the fragment shader. There are no explicit malicious behaviors in the code itself; however, if 'expression' is sourced from untrusted input, it could inject malicious GLSL code that manipulates rendering in unintended ways. The overall security risk is moderate and depends on how 'expression' is controlled.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 1
}