{
  "purpose": "Generate GLSL shader source code with a customizable 'expression' injected into the fragment shader for dynamic shader behavior.",
  "sources": "The 'expression' string is injected into the fragment shader code via string interpolation (${expression}).",
  "sinks": "The 'color' variable in the fragment shader, which is manipulated by the injected 'expression'.",
  "flows": "The 'expression' influences the 'color' variable within the main() function of the fragment shader, affecting the final output color.",
  "anomalies": "The injection point (${expression}) allows arbitrary GLSL code to be inserted, which could be malicious if sourced from untrusted input. No other anomalies detected.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs vertex and fragment shader source strings, with the fragment shader including a placeholder for dynamic GLSL code injection. The static code performs texture sampling and data processing without malicious logic. The primary security concern is the injection of untrusted 'expression' code, which could lead to malicious GLSL code execution if not sanitized. The static code is straightforward, with no obfuscation or embedded malware. The risk level depends on the trustworthiness of 'expression'; if untrusted, it could be exploited to inject malicious shader code. The malware score is 0, and the obfuscated score is 0. The security risk score varies from 0.2 to 0.75 in reports, with 0.75 justified if 'expression' is untrusted. Overall, the static code is benign, but the injection point warrants caution.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard shader template with a dynamic injection point for GLSL code. No malicious code is present statically. The main security concern is potential code injection if 'expression' is untrusted. The malware score is 0, obfuscation is 0, and the risk score should be around 0.6 to 0.75 depending on input trust. Proper sanitization of 'expression' is essential to mitigate injection risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}