{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions to determine store URLs and country codes based on input parameters, primarily for e-commerce or content localization purposes.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as 'acceptLanguage', 'code', and 'options' objects; external JSON files ('stores.json' and 'countries.json') loaded at the start.",
  "sinks": "Constructed URLs, access to external JSON data, and functions that return store data or URLs based on input.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (acceptLanguage, code, options) flow through preference parsing and lookup functions, leading to URL construction or store code retrieval, with data from external JSON files used in lookup steps.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. The code primarily reads input, processes language and country codes, and constructs URLs. No obfuscated code, unusual language features, or hidden behaviors are present. The JSON data files are external but not inspected here; no evidence of malicious content within the code logic.",
  "analysis": "The code parses accept-language headers to determine preferred languages, looks up store information based on country codes and options, and constructs URLs with provided parameters. It relies on external JSON data for store and country mappings. No functions perform network requests, data exfiltration, or execute code that could be malicious. The functions use standard JavaScript string and object manipulations without unsafe eval or dynamic code execution. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code paths are found. The code appears to be standard utility functions for URL and store management with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a straightforward utility module for country and store URL handling. It does not contain malware, suspicious behaviors, or security risks. It operates solely on input data and external JSON mappings without performing unsafe actions. Confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}