{
  "purpose": "The code manages Cesium-based heatmap overlays, configuring and updating visualizations based on map interactions and data inputs.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from configuration parameters, class properties, and external libraries; accesses Cesium scene and DOM elements.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM elements, updates Cesium imagery layers, and registers event listeners for camera and scene changes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from configuration and map interactions through internal functions to DOM updates and Cesium layer rendering.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation via string arrays, dynamic property access, and string shifting; no network activity or credentials detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily obfuscated, which complicates static analysis. It imports Cesium and heatmap.js, and manages heatmap overlays within a Cesium scene. No network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications are evident. The obfuscation appears to serve either proprietary concealment or malicious hiding. Static indicators of malicious behavior are absent, and the code functions as a visualization component. The obfuscation justifies a high obfuscated score (~0.8-0.9), while malware activity is not detected, warranting a malware score of 0. The overall security risk remains low (~0.2), primarily due to obfuscation concerns. The confidence in these conclusions is high, given the detailed static analysis.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a complex, heavily obfuscated Cesium heatmap visualization module. No evidence of malicious behavior or malware is present. The primary concern is the obfuscation, which could conceal malicious intent, but static analysis alone does not confirm this. The current scores reflect this assessment: malware score of 0, obfuscation score around 0.8-0.9, and a low security risk (~0.2). Further dynamic or runtime analysis is recommended if deploying in sensitive environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}