{
  "purpose": "The code implements a PixiJS particle emitter system, managing particles, behaviors, spawn shapes, and rendering. It includes dynamic function creation in parsePath for path expressions.",
  "sources": "Configuration objects, texture modules via Texture.from, and internal data flows during particle updates and behavior initialization.",
  "sinks": "Modifies particle properties, textures, and executes functions generated from strings in parsePath during particle updates.",
  "flows": "Configuration data flows into particle properties, behaviors, and textures; path expressions are compiled into functions and invoked during particle updates.",
  "anomalies": "The primary concern is the use of 'new Function' in parsePath, which executes dynamically generated code from strings. Although whitelisted, this could be exploited if configuration inputs are malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, well-structured PixiJS particle emitter with no malicious behaviors. The only dynamic code execution occurs in parsePath, which uses a whitelist to control the tokens and functions allowed. This mitigates the risk but does not eliminate it entirely if untrusted configuration data is used. The textures are loaded via Texture.from, a standard practice, and no external network or system calls are present. The overall code is clear, with no obfuscation or backdoors. The potential vulnerability lies in the dynamic function creation, which is controlled via whitelisting but should be used with trusted inputs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-implemented particle emitter system for PixiJS, with minimal security concerns. The main risk is the use of 'new Function' in parsePath, which is mitigated by whitelisting safe characters and functions. If configuration inputs are trusted or sanitized, the risk remains negligible. No malware or obfuscation is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.15,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}