{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for encryption, HTTP requests, cookie management, random string generation, and other helper methods for a web application, as well as importing and exporting components related to file and image previews.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters such as 'payload', 'option', 'payload.text', 'name', 'icon', 'length', 'memory', and 'fileSize'; environment data like cookies, URL query parameters, window location, and window object; external libraries (crypto-js, axios, qs, ali-oss).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve encrypt/decrypt functions, network requests via axios, setting cookies, modifying document.title and favicon, and file uploads to OSS (object storage).",
  "flows": "Untrusted data from parameters or environment flows into encryption/decryption, network requests, cookie operations, or DOM modifications. For example, URL query parameters flow into 'REPLACE_PARAML', and function parameters flow into axios requests or cookie setting functions.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious anomalies or suspicious code patterns. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behavior detected. External resource URLs and component imports are standard for a web app. Use of 'require' for 'ali-oss' appears conditional but not malicious. No code appears to perform unauthorized data exfiltration or harmful system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of utility functions for encryption, HTTP requests, cookies, and string manipulations. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious network behaviors are evident. The network operations involve standard SDKs and APIs for file uploads and HTTP requests, with parameters controlled by application logic. Functions like 'HTTP_REQUEST' handle untrusted input but within typical request contexts. Component imports and exports are standard. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are detected. The use of 'require' in a conditional manner for 'ali-oss' is common in dynamic module loading, not malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate utility library with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The examined code is a set of utility functions and component imports used for a web application. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage, and no security risks such as hardcoded secrets or data exfiltration are evident. The code is typical for application utility purposes, with no signs of malware or malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}