{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for cryptography, HTTP requests, cookie management, string manipulation, and file handling within a JavaScript application, likely related to file preview and user interface updates.",
  "sources": "Reads input from function parameters (e.g., payload, options, files, url query strings, cookies), global window object (for OSS and location), and module imports.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks through network requests (axios, OSS upload), DOM manipulations (changing title and icon), and cookies. No direct sinks for untrusted data are evident beyond these functions.",
  "flows": "Input from parameters or external sources flows into cryptographic functions, HTTP requests, or DOM updates. For example, payload text is processed by decodeText; data is sent via axios or OSS upload; cookies are read or written, and URL parameters are manipulated.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no suspicious hardcoded secrets or credentials. The only notable aspect is the extensive utility functions, which are standard. No signs of backdoors, hidden network connections, or malicious code. The function for changing document title/icon is typical UI code. No obfuscated or malicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The initial part defines helper functions for object assignment and module imports, which are standard. The core functions include decodeText with emoji mapping, cryptographic DES encryption/decryption, and several network/file handling utilities. The code interacts with external services like OSS, uses axios for HTTP, manages cookies, and manipulates DOM elements. All functions appear to be legitimate utility functions without malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials, no obfuscated or suspicious code structures, and no network behaviors indicating data exfiltration or malware. The functions operate within expected parameters for a web app's utility library.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of utility functions for UI, cryptography, network requests, and file management, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It appears to be standard application code with safe patterns. No malware or security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}