{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions to instrument JavaScript functions with Prometheus metrics, specifically histograms for measuring execution duration.",
  "sources": "The code reads input primarily from function arguments and configuration objects such as 'name', 'help', 'buckets', 'metricName', 'metricPrefix', and 'fn' (the function to be instrumented). It also accesses the 'prometheusClient' module for metrics registration and creation.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows into metric names and labels, which could be misused if these values are influenced externally. The functions use dynamic metric naming based on input parameters and function names.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-provided options (like 'metricName', 'metricPrefix') into the creation of metric objects, and from the invocation of the 'fn' function through the instrumentation wrapper, timing its execution.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are detected. The code uses regex to extract function names, which is standard. No dynamic code execution, eval, or obfuscated patterns are present. The use of external metrics library is typical and not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a metrics client, creates histograms for function duration tracking, and provides utility functions to wrap and delay instrumentation. It performs standard checks for existing metrics, constructs metric names dynamically, and times function execution. The regex used for extracting function names is straightforward, and no external or hidden network activity is present. No anomalies like hardcoded secrets, data leaks, or malicious behavior are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate instrumentation utility for Prometheus metrics, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It primarily manipulates metric names and times function execution for monitoring purposes. There are no suspicious behaviors or malware indications.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}