{
  "purpose": "The code provides instrumentation utilities for monitoring function execution durations using Prometheus metrics.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'name', 'help', 'buckets', 'metricName', and 'metricPrefix'. It also accesses the 'prometheusClient' from the 'exframe-service' module.",
  "sinks": "Potentially, the code could influence metric naming or data collection if malicious input is provided, but there are no direct sinks for untrusted data leading to data leaks or system compromise.",
  "flows": "Input parameters for metrics (name, help, buckets, metricName, metricPrefix) flow into the 'addHistogram' and 'instrument' functions, influencing metric registration and naming. The 'fn' function is executed with instrumentation timing, with no external data flow affecting system behavior beyond metrics.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are observed. The code performs standard instrumentation tasks. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection mechanisms are present. The regex used for function name extraction is standard. The module relies on an external 'exframe-service' package but does not perform any operations outside normal metric registration and timing.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for instrumenting and wrapping other functions with timing metrics using Prometheus. It carefully handles function naming, including anonymous functions, and adds metrics with proper error handling. No data leaks, secret handling, or malicious actions are evident. The functions operate solely on metrics collection, and all inputs are used in a controlled manner. There are no signs of obfuscation, malware, or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, legitimate instrumentation utility with no malicious intent or security risks. It simply adds timing metrics to functions for monitoring purposes, with no suspicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}