{
  "purpose": "The code connects to Polkadot and Kusama blockchain nodes, retrieves validator data using a custom ValidatorSelector, and saves the data into JSON files for caching and latest snapshot purposes.",
  "sources": "Node URL parameters in the main() function, specifically the WebSocket URLs with API keys, and the ValidatorSelector's getValidators method which retrieves validator info.",
  "sinks": "File system writes to save validator data into JSON files. No untrusted data is written directly to system resources in an insecure manner.",
  "flows": "The code reads node URLs and parameters, fetches validator data via ValidatorSelector, then writes JSON files containing validators and era info. No data flows into unsafe sinks or network transmission beyond the initial node connection.",
  "anomalies": "Use of API keys in the WebSocket URLs could be a concern if these are sensitive; however, they appear to be public API keys for a blockchain data service. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code behavior observed. No obfuscation or malicious code patterns identified.",
  "analysis": "The script uses a standard API library to connect to blockchain nodes, retrieves validator data, and stores it in JSON files. The API keys are embedded in the WebSocket URLs, which might be sensitive if not intended for public sharing but are typical for such services. There are no signs of malware, code injection, or suspicious network activity. The use of external modules and file operations appears normal. No anomalies or malicious behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility script for caching validator data from blockchain nodes. No malicious or maliciously intended behavior is evident. The only potential concern is the exposure of API keys, which depends on their intended privacy, but this does not constitute malware or a security risk in the context of code analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}