{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Strapi plugin for export-import functionality, including UI components, file handling, and HTTP requests for data transfer.",
  "sources": "Reads input from user interactions (file uploads, button clicks), network requests to endpoints (e.g., '/export-import-strapi5-plugin/get-config'), and document cookies.",
  "sinks": "Network requests (POST to endpoints), creation of downloadable files (CSV export), DOM manipulations (creating anchor tags for download), and setting cookies.",
  "flows": "User uploads or drags files -> file data read into memory -> POST requests sent to server endpoints -> server responses processed -> files generated or alerts shown. Network responses and user inputs flow into network requests, which then trigger file downloads or UI updates.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code detected. Uses standard React, Strapi, and common libraries without obfuscation or unusual patterns. No dynamic code execution, eval, or suspicious network domains. File handling is straightforward, with no suspicious data leaks observed. The code includes network requests and file operations typical for a plugin, with no signs of covert data exfiltration or malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical Strapi plugin with React components and file upload/download capabilities. It interacts with server endpoints for configuration and data transfer, manages alerts, and handles files securely using FileReader and Blob APIs. No obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or suspicious logic are present. The network requests target plugin endpoints, and no data appears to be sent to unknown or malicious servers. The code does not perform any harmful actions such as mining, reverse shells, or data theft. All operations are consistent with plugin functionality, with standard security practices. Overall, the code is benign, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured Strapi plugin for data export/import. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or malicious behaviors. It operates within expected boundaries of a plugin that manages files and communicates with server endpoints, with no suspicious signals or security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}