{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Strapi plugin for exporting and importing CSV data, along with UI components, alerts, and network request handling via Axios.",
  "sources": "Input data from user-uploaded files, query parameters, and configuration responses from server endpoints.",
  "sinks": "Network requests (Axios POST to '/export-import-strapi5-plugin/get-config' and other endpoints), file creation (Blob, createObjectURL), and DOM manipulations (creating and clicking anchor tags for downloads).",
  "flows": "User uploads file → readFile processes file content → fetchData or uploadData sends POST requests → responses processed, alerts triggered, files created or downloaded.",
  "anomalies": "Code contains extensive utility functions and Axios wrapper without any obvious malicious obfuscation or hidden code. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network domains are detected. No dynamic eval, exec, or code injection observed. File reading and network logic are standard. Alerting system appears benign. Some utility functions are complex but appear to serve standard purposes.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily focuses on file upload/download handling, network communication through Axios, and UI interactions for plugin functionalities. It includes functions for safe data handling, request configuration, and user alerts. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, malicious network connections, or hidden backdoors. The code’s structure and dependencies align with legitimate plugin code. No obfuscated code, unusual dynamic execution, or signals of sabotage are detected. It appears to be a typical plugin implementation with standard features and dependencies.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate Strapi plugin with functions for data import/export and UI interactions. No malicious behavior or sabotage signs are present. The code is complex but consistent with standard plugin functionality. Overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}