{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Strapi plugin for exporting and importing CSV data, along with UI components, alerts, and network request handling. It appears intended for content management tasks within Strapi CMS.",
  "sources": "Data is read from user file input (FileReader, drag-and-drop events), environment variables are not used, and network requests are made via axios to plugin endpoints (/get-config, /import-csv, /export-csv). The code also reads cookies for XSRF tokens.",
  "sinks": "Network requests (axios.post, fetch) transmitting CSV data and config; DOM manipulations (creating download links, modal dialogs); alert notifications; environment variables (via cookies for CSRF tokens).",
  "flows": "File input events -> readFile() -> axios POST requests /import-csv and /export-csv; config fetching -> setState -> user interactions trigger fetch/download; alert system reacts to network responses; data flows from user file or server responses to DOM or network.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code detected. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic eval/exec patterns. The code relies on standard libraries (React, axios, styled-components). The axios instance is configured for typical API communication without suspicious modifications. No network connections to suspicious domains or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical implementation of a plugin interface within Strapi, providing UI for CSV import/export. It fetches configuration via API calls, handles file uploads with validation, and manages alerts. All network and file operations appear standard and intended for content management. No signals of malicious activity, such as data theft, system sabotage, reverse shells, or hidden backdoors, are present. The code does not misuse environment variables or perform any suspicious data leaks. The only notable activity is data exchange with the server using established libraries, consistent with plugin functions.",
  "conclusion": "The source code appears benign, functioning as a Strapi plugin for data import/export with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It uses standard practices for file handling, network requests, and UI management. No malware signals or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}