{
  "purpose": "The Colour class provides methods to convert between different color representations (HEX, RGBA, XYZ, LAB) and to calculate color differences (Delta E00). It also offers functions to darken or brighten a color based on LAB luminance adjustments.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily through function parameters, such as hex color strings and numeric color component values (r, g, b, a, l, a, b). No external data sources are accessed.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that send data to external systems, network, or files. The code performs internal calculations only.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function parameters into conversion and calculation functions, but there are no external or untrusted data flows to external systems or files.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes commented-out console warnings for out-of-range color component values, but these are inactive. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The only unusual code is the extension of the Math object with rad2deg and deg2rad functions, which is benign and does not involve external data or code execution. The code performs standard color conversion calculations with no signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The class defines multiple static methods for color conversions and computations. All functions rely solely on parameters and perform mathematical transformations typical for color space conversions. The inclusion of Math.rad2deg and Math.deg2rad as extensions to Math does not introduce malicious behavior; they are straightforward mathematical utilities. No external calls, network activity, or system modifications are present. The functions to darken or brighten colors manipulate luminance values without any hidden or suspicious operations. Overall, the code is a straightforward color conversion utility with no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard color conversion utility library without any malicious intent. There are no signs of malware, data exfiltration, or suspicious behaviors. The only noteworthy aspect is the extension of the Math object, which is benign. The code appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}