{
  "purpose": "This code appears to parse and extract specific configuration data from AAC, H264, and HEVC video and audio sequence headers, likely for media stream processing or analysis.",
  "sources": "Input data sources are the parameters 'aacSequenceHeader', 'avcSequenceHeader', and 'hevcSequenceHeader', which are buffers containing codec configuration data. These are read via Bitop objects which interpret bits from these buffers.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks that process untrusted data directly, such as network requests, file writes, or external system commands. The code mainly reads and parses buffers without executing external commands or leaking data.",
  "flows": "Input buffers are parsed via Bitop instances, extracting codec parameters. No external data flows or network transmissions are present in this code snippet.",
  "anomalies": "The code is purely parsing static buffers with detailed bit-level operations. There are no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors. The functions are focused on media header parsing, with no side effects or malicious intent apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code reads and interprets media codec headers using bit-level operations, extracting parameters like profile, level, resolution, and other codec-specific info. It uses standard buffer manipulations and bitwise operations, with no indications of data exfiltration, command execution, or malicious activity. The absence of network requests, system calls, or data leaks suggests no malicious intent. The code is focused on standard media parsing functions without obfuscation or malicious features.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a straightforward implementation of media stream header parsing for AAC, H264, and HEVC codecs. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activities. The security risk score is low, and confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}