{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions to parse and extract configuration information from AAC, AVC, and HEVC sequence headers, mainly for media stream processing and playback.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from buffers passed to functions like readAACSpecificConfig, readH264SpecificConfig, and readHEVCSpecificConfig, which process sequence header data for media codecs.",
  "sinks": "There are no obvious sinks that send data externally or perform insecure actions. The code primarily processes input buffers to extract configuration parameters without performing data transmission or storage.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input buffers (e.g., sequence headers) through parsing functions, which extract metadata and configuration details. No untrusted data is sent to external systems or used in unsafe operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code uses standard bitwise operations and buffer manipulations typical for parsing media headers. There are no unusual or malicious-looking behaviors such as data exfiltration, network connections, or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code is a media stream parser for AAC, AVC, and HEVC configurations. It employs standard techniques such as buffer slicing, bitwise reading, and Golomb coding to extract parameters. It does not include any network operations, file I/O, or other potentially malicious actions. The functions are focused solely on parsing header data for media streams. No obfuscated code, malicious behavior, or suspicious logic is detected. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate media parser with no indications of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard media configuration parser for AAC, AVC, and HEVC codecs. It performs no suspicious or malicious actions and is safe to use within its intended scope. No malware or security risks are identified based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}