{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for generating SQL statements related to table management, such as creating, altering, dropping tables, and managing indexes and columns, with some support for multiple SQL dialects.",
  "sources": "Input options parameters such as table names, column names, comments, and other SQL options, which are used to generate SQL strings.",
  "sinks": "Generated SQL statements that could be executed on a database, potentially leading to injection or misuse if inputs are untrusted. No direct execution or data transmission occurs within the code.",
  "flows": "Input options flow into functions which process and escape data, then produce SQL command strings, with no external data flow beyond string generation.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs standard SQL string generation with proper escaping via utility functions; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors detected. No dynamic code execution, eval, or suspicious constructs. The functions rely on external utilities for escaping, which appear legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs SQL statements for common database schema operations, utilizing escaping functions to prevent injection vulnerabilities. No suspicious code, malicious behavior, or malware indicators are present. The functions are straightforward and well-structured, with no hidden or obfuscated code. There are no network operations, file modifications, or other malware activities. The code's purpose is schema management, and it does not perform any risky operations beyond generating safe SQL statements.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured SQL utility module for database schema manipulation. It employs proper escaping and supports multiple SQL dialects. No malicious intent or suspicious behavior is detected. The code does not pose security risks when used correctly with trusted inputs.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}