{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for generating SQL statements related to table creation, alteration, deletion, and index management, primarily for database schema modifications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters such as options objects, table names, column names, comments, and database type indicators.",
  "sinks": "SQL statement strings constructed and returned by functions, which are intended to be executed against a database.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to generate SQL strings via string concatenation and method calls; these SQL strings are the output, ready for execution.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The code relies on external utility functions for escaping identifiers and values, reducing injection risks. No obfuscated or misleading code structures are detected. No dynamic code execution or system commands are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple functions for SQL schema operations, using parameterized inputs and escape functions to prevent SQL injection. Functions handle standard SQL commands and adapt to different database dialects (MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQLite). The use of escapeId and escapeVal indicates an emphasis on safe SQL query construction. No external network calls, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are observed. The structure and logic are straightforward, aimed at schema modifications with standard security practices.\n\nThere are no signs of malware, such as malicious data exfiltration, backdoors, or system harm. The code does not contain obfuscated or minified code that could hide malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a secure utility module for SQL statement generation, with no evident malicious behavior or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured set of utility functions for SQL schema management. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks based on the analysis. The functions employ proper escaping and handle different database dialects appropriately, minimizing typical injection risks. The code appears safe for use within its intended scope.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}