{
  "purpose": "This code defines a 3D character customization component using 'oasis-engine', allowing dynamic replacement of models, textures, and animations, as well as handling blend shapes and related materials.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from URLs provided for models, textures, and animation assets through property setters such as modelUrl, hairUrl, eyeUrl, etc. It also loads resources via the resourceManager.load() method for assets of types Prefab and Texture2D.",
  "sinks": "The code applies loaded textures to materials via shaderData.setTexture, clones models, and modifies mesh components and materials. No direct data leak or external system interaction occurs; however, dynamic resource loading from URLs could be manipulated if untrusted sources are provided.",
  "flows": "Untrusted URLs for models, textures, or animations are loaded via resourceManager.load(), then applied to materials, meshes, or instantiated entities. Texture URLs are set into shaderData, and models are cloned and attached to the scene graph. The sequence involves resource loading followed by application of assets onto scene components.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically loads resources based on URLs supplied at runtime, which could be exploited if URLs are maliciously controlled. However, no code injection, hidden network connections, or suspicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system damage are present. The code includes standard utility functions for async handling and class inheritance, with no obfuscated or malicious-looking code structures.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles resource loading and application for a 3D avatar customization system. It uses async resourceManager.load() to load models, textures, and animations, then applies them to scene components. It manages blend shapes and materials dynamically, with no evidence of malicious behavior. No network communication beyond resource loading is performed, and there are no backdoors, data theft, or unauthorized system modifications. The resource loading is based on provided URLs, which could be a risk if malicious URLs are supplied, but this is a common and expected pattern in asset-based applications. The code appears well-structured, with no signs of obfuscation or hidden behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation for dynamic 3D model and asset management in a web-based engine, with no malicious intent detected. Its primary security concern lies in potential malicious URLs used for resource loading, which could lead to the loading of malicious assets if untrusted sources are used. Overall, the code does not contain malware or security risks beyond the inherent risks of external resource loading.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}