{
  "purpose": "This code defines classes and functions for 3D model customization, including replacing models, textures, and animations in a graphical application using oasis-engine. It manages assets, materials, and component lifecycle.",
  "sources": "Reads data from asset URLs for models, textures, and animations; accesses engine resource manager; reads properties like 'blendShapes', 'modelUrl', 'texture', etc.",
  "sinks": "Sets textures and materials on models; loads assets from URLs; updates mesh and animation data; invokes engine resource manager to load assets; modifies blend shapes.",
  "flows": "Source URLs (asset links) are loaded via resourceManager.load(); loaded assets are assigned to materials, textures, or components; model components are cloned and attached; animation clips are assigned; texture replacements update material properties; blend shape adjustments modify renderer properties.",
  "anomalies": "Code includes complex, dynamically generated shader code; extensive asynchronous loading and cloning of models and assets; usage of eval-like patterns with JSON parsing; no explicit hardcoded secrets or credentials; no suspicious network activity; shader creation and rendering are standard; no backdoors or hidden code observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles model, texture, and animation replacements within a 3D engine environment. It loads assets via URLs, applies them to materials, and manages component lifecycle. No suspicious network activity, credential handling, or hidden commands. The shaders are standard for UV mapping and do not contain obfuscated or malicious code. The asynchronous functions and dynamic shader creation are typical for such applications. No evidence of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware. The code is complex but appears legitimate, focused on 3D asset management.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical 3D model management module with dynamic asset loading and replacement functions. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware is detected. The code structure and assets handling are consistent with legitimate 3D application development. No security risks identified based on current analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}