{
  "purpose": "This module processes image URLs to generate optimized src, srcset, and attributes based on profiles and parameters, primarily for image rendering optimization.",
  "sources": "url.parse(), qs.parse(), environment variables (not used here), input parameters such as imageUrl, profile data, options, and profile parameters.",
  "sinks": "url.format(), string concatenation for URLs, regex matching, clone, and object manipulation.",
  "flows": "Input URL and profile data are parsed, matched, and cloned. Profile parameters are combined and potentially modified. buildSrc and buildSrcset generate URLs with profile parameters. buildAttrs assembles attributes for image tags.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code relies heavily on profile matching and URL manipulation without external data exfiltration or obfuscated code. No dynamic code execution or insecure use of environment variables observed.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically processes image URLs using profile matching and parameter adjustments. It uses safe URL parsing and formatting functions, and clones objects to avoid side effects. The code performs predictable transformations based on profiles, with no evident malicious behavior such as network calls to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or system modifications. The only concern could be if profile data is maliciously crafted to produce harmful URLs or attributes, but this is controlled by profile inputs, not external code or data. No insecure coding patterns like SQL injection or code injection are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign image URL processing utility that constructs optimized image URLs and attributes based on provided profiles and parameters. No malicious intent or malicious code is detected. It operates solely on input data and standard URL manipulation functions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}