{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for 3D mathematics, DOM manipulation, WebGL detection, and loading external scripts, likely for a 3D web application involving graphics and interaction.",
  "sources": "Reads userAgent string, DOM elements (offsets, window size), external script files, and input points for collision testing.",
  "sinks": "Potentially problematic code in load_js for dynamically loading scripts; use of WebGL context creation; WebGL context returned or checked; window.requestAnimationFrame; manipulation of DOM elements; no direct data leaks detected.",
  "flows": "User agent string is checked for device type; document and window properties are read for sizes and states; external scripts are loaded dynamically; collision testing involves input points; WebGL detection tests context creation; transformation functions generate matrices and vectors for 3D math.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors. The code uses standard libraries and performs expected 3D math operations. Functions like load_js support callback execution but do not execute code dynamically from untrusted sources outside their intended use. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic code execution is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code contains utility functions for position calculation, collision detection, WebGL detection, and dynamic script loading. All functions perform standard operations related to 3D math and DOM interactions. load_js supports asynchronous script loading with callback, which is typical. WebGL detection is standard. The collision_test function implements an octree-based collision detection, with no signs of malicious data handling. No hardcoded secrets, network communications, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code appears to be a benign utility library for a 3D web application.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard set of utility functions for a 3D web app, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It handles typical operations such as DOM measurement, WebGL detection, 3D math, and dynamic script loading safely. No malware or security risks are evident based on this code alone.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}