{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for approximating fractions and converting between various betting odds formats, encapsulated in an Odds class with static factory methods.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters, including 'd' in approximateFraction, 'f' in getMaxNumerator, and various inputs to FORMATS conversion functions such as 'moneyline', 'hongKong', 'impliedProbability', 'fractional', 'malay', and 'indonesian'.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks identified; the code performs calculations and returns formatted odds values. There are no network, file system, or system command interactions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into parsing/conversion functions, then through calculations (e.g., approximateFraction, getMaxNumerator), with results returned as strings or numbers. No external data is fetched or sent.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward, with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. It uses standard JavaScript features and functions. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution detected. The only potentially unusual aspect is the 'Object.assign' polyfill, which is a common compatibility shim, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code implements numerical approximation and various odds format conversions. Functions handle input validation and conversions, with no network or system interactions. The functions are focused on mathematical computations, and no parts of the code exhibit suspicious or malicious logic. The minimal polyfill for Object.assign is standard. No hardcoded secrets or malicious code segments are present. The overall structure and logic are consistent with legitimate library functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, non-malicious library for odds conversion and fraction approximation. There are no indications of malware, malicious backdoors, or security risks. It solely performs mathematical operations and data formatting without external interactions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}