{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions and custom error classes to calculate cosine similarity between two vectors, primarily used in machine learning or data analysis applications.",
  "sources": "The function reads input vectors 'a' and 'b' passed as arguments to 'cosineSimilarity'. It performs validation checks on these inputs, including type, presence, and content.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any sinks that send data over the network, write to files, or execute system commands. It primarily computes a mathematical operation and throws errors on invalid input.",
  "flows": "Input vectors are validated and then processed in a loop to calculate the dot product and norms. The only flow involves input validation followed by mathematical computation within 'cosineSimilarity'.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward with standard validation; no unusual dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hidden logic detected. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines custom error classes to handle specific vector-related issues. The 'cosineSimilarity' function checks for missing or invalid inputs, ensuring vectors are arrays of numbers and not empty. It pads shorter vectors with zeros during computation. The function then calculates the cosine similarity by computing the dot product and vector norms, throwing errors if vectors are zero vectors. The code is clean, well-structured, and lacks any suspicious behavior or malicious intent. There are no network operations, hidden data leaks, or system modifications. It serves a mathematical purpose without side effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of cosine similarity with proper validation and error handling. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident. It is a safe utility function for mathematical operations in a larger application.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}