{
  "purpose": "This code is a plugin for svg.js that enables pan and zoom functionality on SVG viewports, allowing interactive manipulation of SVG graphics via mouse or touch events.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from user interactions such as mouse wheel events, touch gestures (touchstart, touchmove, touchend), and mouse/touch coordinates from event objects.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies the SVG viewbox to implement zoom and pan, which can influence the visual rendering but does not directly leak data. It dispatches events ('zoom', 'panStart', 'panEnd', 'panning') which can be listened to externally. No external data transfer or system interaction occurs.",
  "flows": "User interactions (mouse wheel, touch gestures, mouse/touch move) serve as sources that trigger viewbox transformations through internal functions (wheelZoom, panning, pinchZoom). These functions update the SVG viewbox based on user input, restricting movement within margins if specified.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to implement standard pan/zoom behavior with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code. No obfuscated code, hidden network calls, or malicious side-effects are present. The only external dependency is '@svgdotjs/svg.js' which is a well-known library. Event dispatching and input normalization are standard practices.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a plugin for svg.js that handles user input events for pan and zoom. It normalizes touch events for consistency, manages event listeners for gesture handling, and modifies the viewbox to implement panning and zooming with optional margins. It includes event dispatching to signal interactions, but no network activity, data collection, or malicious actions are evident. The functions follow typical patterns for gesture handling, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent. The code is well-structured, and all external dependencies are standard libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate plugin designed to add pan and zoom capabilities to SVG elements. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, data leaks, or sabotage. The implementation aligns with common interaction handling patterns without hidden or malicious code.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}