{
  "purpose": "The code is a plugin for svg.js that enables pan and zoom functionalities for SVG viewports, allowing interactive manipulation of SVG images within web pages.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from user input events such as 'touch', 'mouse', and 'wheel' events; it also reads SVG element attributes like 'viewbox', 'width', and 'height'.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies the SVG viewbox state, triggering zoom and pan transformations, which can affect the visual presentation of the SVG. It also dispatches custom events ('zoom', 'panStart', 'panEnd', etc.) that could be intercepted or manipulated by other scripts.",
  "flows": "User interactions (touch/mouse/wheel events) act as sources, which are processed to calculate new viewbox transformations, then applied to the SVG element to achieve pan or zoom effects.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain any suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activity. It appears to perform standard pan/zoom operations. There are no obfuscated sections or unusual language features; the logic is straightforward. It does dispatch custom events, which could be exploited if integrated with malicious event listeners, but this is typical for such plugins.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured svg.js plugin that adds pan and zoom capabilities. It normalizes user input events, calculates new viewboxes, enforces margins, and handles pinch, wheel, and mouse drag interactions. No hidden or malicious code, network activity, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The event dispatching is part of standard interactive behavior and does not indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets or unsafe code patterns are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, open-source SVG pan/zoom plugin without any signs of malicious behavior. It performs expected UI manipulations and event handling for SVG interaction. No malware or security risks are detected based on the code review.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}