{
  "purpose": "This code is a plugin for svg.js that enables pan and zoom functionalities on SVG viewboxes, allowing interactive manipulation of SVG graphics within a webpage.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from event objects (e.g., clientX, clientY, deltaY), the SVG element attributes (e.g., viewbox, width, height), and dispatches custom events (e.g., 'zoom', 'panStart', 'panEnd').",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the event dispatching system that could trigger external handlers, and manipulation of the viewbox which affects how SVG graphics are rendered. No external data leaks are directly visible.",
  "flows": "Event handlers (wheel, touch, mouse) capture input data and modify the SVG viewbox or dispatch events. User interactions like wheel zoom or drag translate into transformations of the viewbox, controlling zoom level and pan position.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The code uses standard event handling and mathematical transformations for zoom and pan. There are no obfuscation patterns, unnecessary dynamic code execution, or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The script extends the svg.js library with a panZoom method that manages various user interactions (mouse, touch, wheel) for zooming and panning SVG graphics. It includes functions to normalize touch events, restrict panning within margins, handle wheel-based zooming with normalization across browsers, and manage multi-touch pinch zooming. The code employs standard techniques for user input handling and SVG viewbox manipulation. It also dispatches custom events to notify external handlers of zoom and pan actions. No suspicious or malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system commands, or covert communication is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, standard plugin for enabling interactive pan and zoom features in SVG graphics. It does not contain malware, malicious code, or security risks. It primarily manages user input events to modify the SVG viewbox for a better user experience.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}