{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript class for interacting with the NSE India market data API, including functions for retrieving market status, circulars, block deals, option chains, IPO data, and other financial information.",
  "sources": "Data sources include external HTTP GET requests to NSE APIs and web pages, as well as reading cookies and response headers for session management.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the axios.get calls with user-controlled parameters, but parameters are mostly internal or derived from method inputs. No direct data leaks or unsafe operations detected.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., symbol, dates, segment) are used in constructing API request URLs and query parameters, which are then fetched via axios and returned. No evident flow from untrusted source to sink that would cause injection or leaks.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs standard API interaction with session cookie handling, but there are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code blocks. The use of user-agent headers appears to mimic a browser, which is common for web scraping. No obfuscated code or malicious intent observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily functions as a client to public NSE APIs, with methods to retrieve and process market data. It manages session cookies and performs data parsing from CSV and JSON responses. All operations are typical for market data APIs, with no signs of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or system sabotage. No hardcoded secrets, reverse shells, network connections to suspicious domains, or other malware indicators are present. The structure and logic are standard and transparent.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a legitimate API client for market data with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It is a typical implementation for fetching and processing financial data from public APIs. No security concerns identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}