{
  "purpose": "This code implements a JavaScript class 'NSE' to interact with the NSE India API for retrieving market data, circulars, options, IPOs, corporate actions, and other financial information.",
  "sources": "HTTP GET requests made via axios to URLs such as 'https://www.nseindia.com/api', 'https://nsearchives.nseindia.com', and other endpoints; reading response headers for cookies; parsing CSV data for F&O lot sizes.",
  "sinks": "Data returned from API requests; cookie storage and handling; no evidence of data leakage or malicious data sinks; no suspicious data exfiltration or external data exfiltration points found.",
  "flows": "Sources include HTTP requests for cookies and data; data flows into parsing functions (e.g., CSV parsing, JSON handling); data is returned or stored within the class instance; no external or untrusted data used to influence system behavior beyond standard API interactions.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, hidden dynamic execution, or unusual control flows detected. Usage of standard libraries (axios, luxon) without suspicious extensions. No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No dynamic code evaluation or remote code execution mechanisms observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily makes HTTP GET requests to publicly available API endpoints, manages cookies for session handling, parses CSV and JSON data, and provides methods for various financial data retrieval tasks. It uses standard libraries and patterns for data fetching and parsing. No signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. The only notable behavior is the cookie management, which appears necessary for API session handling. All URL endpoints are public, and no suspicious or undocumented network activities are present. There is no indication of malware, covert channels, or unauthorized data collection.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard API client for NSE India financial data. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms. The functionality is consistent with legitimate financial data retrieval, with no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}