{
  "purpose": "This code provides an interface for interacting with the NSE India API to fetch market data, circulars, option chains, IPO information, and other financial data.",
  "sources": "Data is read from external API endpoints via HTTP GET requests using axios; cookies are obtained from a specific NSE URL and stored for subsequent requests.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows into the application through API responses, which are processed and returned directly. Data is fetched from various NSE URLs, some of which involve CSV parsing.",
  "flows": "Source: HTTP GET responses (JSON, CSV) from API endpoints -> Processing functions -> Returned data structures.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. The code correctly manages cookies and headers for API requests. The only external data source is the NSE API and static CSV content from a URL. The code uses standard date and string operations without obfuscated or suspicious language features. There are no indications of hidden backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious code injections.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a straightforward API wrapper for NSE India market data. It employs axios for HTTP requests, manages cookies for session persistence, and processes responses appropriately, including CSV parsing for lot sizes. The methods are clearly named, and no suspicious or malicious logic is present. No hardcoded secrets or unusual network behaviors are detected. The only external URL dependencies are legitimate NSE data sources. The code does not perform any unauthorized system modifications, data leaks, or covert network activity. Its purpose aligns with legitimate market data retrieval, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured API client for NSE market data. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It securely fetches and processes data for legitimate financial analysis. No vulnerabilities or malicious activities are evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}