{
  "purpose": "Mathematical utility library for fractions, decimals, conversions, and MathML rendering.",
  "sources": "Input strings for fractions and decimals, particularly in functions like fractionToDecimal() and decimalToFraction().",
  "sinks": "Use of eval() in fractionToDecimal() to evaluate string expressions into numbers.",
  "flows": "Input strings are processed, and eval() executes these strings to produce numeric results, which are then used in calculations.",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval() on untrusted input, which can execute arbitrary code; no other suspicious or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive math utility library with functions for fraction and decimal conversions, MathML rendering, and comparisons. The primary security concern is the use of eval() in fractionToDecimal(), which evaluates string inputs directly, posing a potential code injection risk if inputs are malicious. No evidence of malicious code, network activity, or backdoors is present. The code is not obfuscated and appears well-structured for its purpose. The malware score is appropriate at 0, as there is no malicious intent or behavior. The security risk score, reflecting the unsafe eval(), is estimated at 0.3, indicating a moderate vulnerability that can be mitigated by replacing eval() with safer parsing methods. The obfuscation score is 0, as the code is clear and readable. Overall, the code is a math utility library with a security flaw due to eval(), but no active malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a math utility library with no malware or malicious intent. The main security concern is the unsafe use of eval() in fractionToDecimal(), which could be exploited if inputs are malicious. Scores assigned in the reports are consistent; malware score remains 0, obfuscation score 0, and a moderate risk score (~0.3) is appropriate. Addressing the eval() usage would significantly reduce the security risk. Overall, the code is safe aside from this vulnerability, which should be fixed to prevent potential code injection.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}