{
  "purpose": "The code implements an interactive map using Leaflet, allowing users to view maps, add markers, search locations via geocoding, and draw shapes. It facilitates map interaction and visualization.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user input from the search input box (`searchInput.value`) and geocoding results from the Leaflet geocoder plugin (`geocoder.geocode`, `markgeocode` event). These are retrieved from DOM elements and external geocoding API responses.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include map interactions (adding markers, setting view), alert dialogs for user notifications, and the addition of drawing layers. However, these are standard map features and do not process untrusted data in a harmful manner.",
  "flows": "Flow involves user entering a location string, clicking search button, which triggers `searchLocation()` leading to geocoding, then map view adjustment and marker addition. Geocoder responses lead to `setView()` and marker placement. No untrusted data flows into sensitive operations beyond display and map interactions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code behaviors are detected. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets, obfuscated parts, or backdoors. Usage of alert dialogs for user notifications is standard. No network connections or data exfiltration activities are present.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes an interactive map with functionalities for adding markers, geocoding-based location search, and drawing shapes. User input for location is taken from a DOM element, then geocoded via the Leaflet plugin, and results are used to update the map. All operations involve standard map APIs and user interface components. There are no indications of data leaks, code injections, or malicious behavior. The code relies on external libraries, but their usage appears legitimate and safe. No obfuscated or malicious code segments are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of an interactive map with search and drawing features. It does not exhibit malicious intent or malicious behavior. It is safe from a supply chain security perspective, assuming dependencies are legitimate and unaltered.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}