{
  "purpose": "The code implements an interactive map using the Leaflet library, allowing users to view a map, search locations, add markers, and draw shapes.",
  "sources": "User input from the search input field and button click, which triggers location search.",
  "sinks": "Geocoding results leading to map view updates and marker addition; alert messages for user notifications.",
  "flows": "User inputs location -> searchLocation method uses geocoder -> results processed -> map view and markers updated.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network activity, or malicious code detected. External dependencies are standard open-source libraries. No obfuscated code present. Event listeners and external library calls are typical for map apps.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes an interactive map with Leaflet, adding controls for searching locations, drawing shapes, and markers. It utilizes the 'leaflet' and 'leaflet-draw' libraries, which are standard open-source map libraries. User input is handled securely through event listeners; geocoder calls use the 'nominatim' service for geocoding, which is a common open-source geocoding service. No data is sent over the network outside the expected geocoding process, and no suspicious or hidden network activity is evident. There are no hardcoded secrets, no code that accesses environment variables insecurely, and no dynamic code execution or obfuscated code. The alert messages are user notifications, not malicious. Overall, the code is a typical implementation of an interactive map with user-driven features, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a client-side map application using open-source libraries, with no malicious or suspicious activities detected. It securely handles user input, employs well-known libraries, and contains no hidden or malicious code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}