{
  "purpose": "This script is designed to automate modifications to iOS and Android project files for integrating the VK SDK, including modifying app delegate files, manifest, plist, and environment variables, and saving the application ID.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables from '.env' file, reads and modifies files such as AppDelegate.m, AndroidManifest.xml, Info.plist, and package.json, and reads user input via inquirer prompts.",
  "sinks": "Writes modifications to AppDelegate.m, AndroidManifest.xml, Info.plist, and '.env' file. Also reads package.json and environment files. Potentially modifies system files related to mobile app configuration.",
  "flows": "Reads from environment files and project files; writes to project files such as AppDelegate.m, AndroidManifest.xml, Info.plist, and '.env'; prompts user for input; updates configuration with application ID and SDK integration code.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns detected. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code performs standard file modifications for SDK integration; no obfuscated code or hidden behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code imports various modules and defines functions to locate and modify project files related to the VK SDK integration. It reads environment variables and package metadata, prompts the user for input, and modifies iOS and Android configuration files accordingly. The operations are standard for SDK integration automation. No malicious logic, data exfiltration, or malware patterns are present. The code solely updates configuration files based on user input and existing project structure.",
  "conclusion": "The script functions as an automation tool for SDK integration with no indication of malicious intent. It modifies project files to enable VK SDK features, which is typical for such setup scripts. There are no suspicious activities, backdoors, or malware detected. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate setup utility with low security concern.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}