{
  "purpose": "This code defines an Elasticsearch query builder class that constructs query, filter, aggregation, sorting, and pagination parameters for Elasticsearch search requests.",
  "sources": "Data inputs are provided through method parameters: queryType, fields, query, attr, name, type, body, size, from, page, size_per_page, and sort parameters. Validation functions may read validation rules. The code also requires external modules ('./validation', './utils', './provideTemplate') which may have internal data or logic.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs a JSON object 'body' that represents Elasticsearch query DSL. The constructed 'body' is intended to be sent over the network to Elasticsearch. No direct sinks (like network calls) are present in this code snippet, but the final 'returnBody' suggests the constructed object will be used externally.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are validated (if validation exists) and then used to build the query object 'body'. The flow involves: validation of parameters → construction of query/filter/aggregation/sort segments via 'provideTemplate' → aggregation of segments in 'body' → output via 'returnBody'.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard; no hardcoded credentials or suspicious code is evident. It uses external modules, which could contain malicious logic, but based solely on this code, nothing suspicious is directly embedded. The dynamic use of 'provideTemplate' functions could be risky if they are malicious, but their implementation isn't shown here.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs Elasticsearch query objects by appending or overwriting properties within 'body'. Validation functions are called to verify inputs, which helps prevent injection or invalid data. The use of 'provideTemplate' functions to generate query parts suggests modular query building, which reduces direct string manipulation risks. There are no evident data leaks, code injections, or malicious network activity within this code. The pattern of method chaining and object manipulation is consistent with typical query builder patterns. External dependencies ('validation', 'utils', 'provideTemplate') could introduce risks if malicious, but within this code, the pattern is standard and safe.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured Elasticsearch query builder with no clear malicious behavior. It relies on external modules for validation and template generation; if those modules are safe, then this code is also safe. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, data leaks, or malicious intent within this snippet. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}