{
  "purpose": "This module converts GeoJSON features into an object representation, writing associated data to a stream, with configurable options for feature processing.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'geojson' input parameter (features), and from the 'stream' object when writing 'mtllib' entries.",
  "sinks": "Data is written to the 'stream' (writing 'mtllib' lines) and passed to 'featureToGeoJson', which may write to the stream as well.",
  "flows": "GeoJSON features are processed through 'featuresToObj', which calls 'featureToGeoJson' for each feature, potentially writing to 'stream', with configuration options controlling behavior.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. Usage of 'process.nextTick' for asynchronous callbacks is standard. No obfuscated or dynamically executed code. External dependencies ('extend', 'async', 'proj4', and local modules) appear standard.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a processing pipeline to convert GeoJSON features into a different format, writing library references ('mtllib') and feature data to a stream. It uses 'async.reduce' for sequential processing, which is typical. The options object allows customization of feature processing, including feature properties and projections. No signs of malicious code, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The only write operations are for 'mtllib' entries, which are benign library references. All external dependencies are common libraries and a local module. The code structure and flow are straightforward, with no anomalies or suspicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard GeoJSON processing utility with no malicious intent. It responsibly manages data flow from input features to output stream, configurable via options, and uses common libraries without suspicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}