{
  "purpose": "A utility class for mapping input values from a specified range to an output range using linear, logarithmic, or exponential scaling.",
  "sources": "Input value provided to the process() method; configuration options during instantiation or set() method.",
  "sinks": "Returns scaled output value; no external data sinks or network activity.",
  "flows": "Input value flows into process(), passes through scaling calculations based on type, and outputs scaled result.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious patterns detected. Minor concern: base parameter is clamped to non-negative but not validated for zero or negative values, which could cause runtime errors in logarithmic/exponential modes.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard range mapping functions supporting linear, logarithmic, and exponential types. Initialization normalizes scale types and calculates ranges. The process() method handles edge cases like zero input range and optional clipping. Math functions are used appropriately. No external network calls, data exfiltration, or obfuscation are present. The code is clear, well-structured, and performs legitimate mathematical transformations. No malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities are evident. The only potential issue is lack of validation for 'base' parameter, which could lead to runtime errors if invalid values are provided, but this does not constitute a security risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-implemented utility for value scaling with no malicious intent or security vulnerabilities. The assigned malware score of 0, obfuscated score of 0, and low security risk score (~0.1) are appropriate. Minor robustness improvement could be validating 'base' for positive values in logarithmic/exponential modes, but this does not impact security. Overall, the code is safe and trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}