{
  "purpose": "The code defines styled typography components and React components for rendering styled text elements such as headings and paragraphs, with support for highlighting text. It appears to be part of a UI library or component system.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules (e.g., '../functions', 'react', 'styled-components', './TextHighlight', './RichText') and its own component properties (props). No direct external data input sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks are present; the code primarily creates React components and styles without performing data leaks or executing untrusted code.",
  "flows": "The flow involves rendering components with styled-components, passing props for styling and conditional rendering of highlighted text, without external data flow manipulation or untrusted code execution.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily focused on styling and component composition with no evidence of dynamic code execution, network calls, or obfuscated code. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are apparent. No suspicious or malicious logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines styled typography components and React functional components for headings (H1-H5), paragraph (P), and span (Span). It imports styling functions and other UI components, applies styles via styled-components, and uses props to control rendering behavior (like highlights). There are no dynamic eval, code execution, network requests, or suspicious logic. The code is straightforward and consistent with standard React and styled-components usage. No anomalies, obfuscated code, or malicious behavior are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of styled text components for a React project. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is safe and clean, serving purely stylistic and structural purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}