{
  "purpose": "The source code implements an Angular calendar component with various views (month, week, day) and templates for rendering events and headers, managing user interactions, and coordinating with a calendar service.",
  "sources": "Data is read from inputs such as eventSource, currentDate, locale, and template references; user interactions emit events via Output bindings.",
  "sinks": "Data flows include event emissions and interactions with the calendar service; no direct data sinks involving untrusted data are apparent.",
  "flows": "Inputs provide configuration; user interactions trigger event emitters; component methods call service functions; data from service subscriptions updates internal state; no malicious source-to-sink data flows detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive Angular template strings and input/output bindings, but no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns. No obfuscated or minified malicious code is present. No network requests or file operations are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a comprehensive Angular component for calendar UI with multiple view modes and customizable templates. It uses dependency injection for locale settings and a calendar service for data management. The logic involves standard event handling, subscription management, and template rendering. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, reverse shells, or system damage is found. The presence of extensive template strings and template outlet bindings is typical for Angular UI components, not suspicious. No suspicious network activity or access to environment variables or system files is observed. The code appears to be a legitimate UI component implementation.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard Angular calendar component with no malicious behavior detected. It employs typical patterns for Angular components, including data bindings, event emitters, service interactions, and templates. No security risks or malware indications are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}