{
  "purpose": "A comprehensive color conversion library supporting multiple color modes and conversions between them, designed for color data manipulation and transformation.",
  "sources": "Input color data provided during object creation or via property accessors, such as RGB objects, hex strings, numeric values, or arrays.",
  "sinks": "Internal function calls for color mode conversions; no external data sinks, network activity, or file I/O observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from initial input through various conversion functions, setting and getting color modes within the ColorData class, with internal method calls for transformations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, obfuscation, or malicious patterns detected. The code is well-structured, with standard color conversion algorithms. Minor minification artifacts are present but typical and not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, well-implemented color conversion library supporting multiple color modes with conversion functions. It processes input data to convert between color spaces without external side effects. No external network, file, or system commands are present. The functions are straightforward, and the code structure is clear. No obfuscation or malicious code patterns are observed. The data flow is internal, from input to output, with no suspicious data exfiltration or backdoors. The code's purpose is purely computational, and the implementation aligns with typical color processing libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard color conversion library with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. The malware score is 0, obfuscation is negligible (around 0.1 due to minification), and the overall security risk is very low (~0.1). The reports' scores are appropriate; minor adjustments could be made to reflect the minimal obfuscation. Overall, the code is safe and trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}