{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React-based orbital visualization component system, providing functions and components for rendering and interacting with a solar system model, including hands, planets, orbits, and drag interactions.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from React hooks (useState, useRef, useEffect, useCallback, useLayoutEffect), DOM events (mouse and touch events), and context (orbitalContext).",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data could originate from event handlers, especially drag interactions, but no data sinks involve network transmission, file access, or sensitive data leakage.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user events (mouse/touch) through event listeners into state updates for positions and interactions. The context provides orbital parameters used for rendering positions. No external data flow or network actions are present.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious or unusual code patterns; no hardcoded secrets or backdoors. The code appears to be standard React component logic for visualization. No obfuscation or hidden behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React library for visualizing orbital systems, with functions for mathematical conversions, hooks for updating state and handling events, and components for rendering orbital elements. It manages event listeners for drag and window resize events to dynamically adjust layout. All operations are confined to UI rendering and user interaction; there are no network calls or data exfiltration mechanisms. No obfuscation or malicious patterns are evident. It adheres to common React patterns and usage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign React visualization library implementing orbital visualization components and interaction handlers. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident based on the provided code. It is safe to use from a supply chain security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}