{
  "purpose": "This source code appears to implement a React-based orbital visualization system, providing components like Planet, Orbit, Label, and related hooks and utility functions for positioning and rendering graphical elements in a circular layout.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from React component props, React hooks (useState, useRef, useEffect), and window/document events for resize and user interactions. No external input sources are explicitly read beyond standard React props and DOM events.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates DOM styles and attributes for rendering components; it does not directly write to files, network, or system resources. Event handling is limited to UI interactions within the React app.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props and internal React state (e.g., size, date/time), through context and hooks, to the rendering of DOM elements, with user interactions (mouse/touch events) updating internal state or triggering callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or obfuscated code are present. The code uses standard React hooks and patterns. No suspicious dynamic code execution, external network requests, or backdoors are evident. The event listener setup is typical for interactive components.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React library for visualizing orbital systems. It utilizes React context, hooks, and DOM manipulations for layout and interaction. No malicious logic such as data exfiltration, system modification, or network communication is observed. The components and hooks follow standard patterns, and the code is transparent. There are no signs of malware, hidden backdoors, or malicious behavior. Security risks are limited to typical UI interaction handling and rendering, with no indications of supply chain or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a benign React visualization library implementing an orbital UI system. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this module. It is safe for use in applications with standard precautions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}