{
  "purpose": "The code provides React components and utility functions for creating an orbital or planetary visualization system with interactive elements, such as draggable regions and animated hands.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from event listeners (mouse, touch), React props, and context. Uses window resize events and internal state to determine component sizes and positions.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable to DOM-based events if untrusted event handlers are used, but no direct data leaks or injections are observed. No data is sent over the network or written to files.",
  "flows": "Event listeners capture user interactions; callbacks update React state; positions and styles are computed based on inputs; no evidence of external data transmission or malicious payload delivery.",
  "anomalies": "Code is generally straightforward React component and utility function definitions. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or unusual behavior. Use of 'console.warn' is benign. No hidden or suspicious code segments are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React-based visualization system with utilities for geometry, event handling, and rendering orbital components. The event handling functions (useEventListener, DragRegion) manage user input but do not leak data or perform network actions. The context manages layout sizing, and components like Place, Planet, Hand, Slice implement visual elements. No external network requests, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. No signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or sabotage are identified. The code appears safe and purpose-specific.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a React visualization library for orbital systems with user interaction features. It contains no malicious behavior, no signs of malware, and poses no significant security risks. It is safe to use within its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}