{
  "purpose": "The source code defines Angular components, directives, and modules related to a swiper (carousel) functionality, including image handling, dots navigation, and scroll management. It facilitates creating swipeable image carousels with features like auto-play, looping, and slide indicators.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from Angular component inputs, event emitters, and internal class properties. It also reads DOM elements via ElementRef and Renderer2 for style and class manipulations.",
  "sinks": "Code modifies DOM styles and classes through Renderer2. It emits slide change events via EventEmitter. No direct untrusted data sinks or network actions are present.",
  "flows": "Input properties (e.g., autoPlay, interval, speed, loop) influence internal behavior and styling. User interactions and internal events trigger style updates and emit slide index updates, flowing from inputs and DOM events to internal state and event emitters.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are detected. The code is consistent with Angular component structure and appears standard. No unusual or misleading code patterns are present. No network activity, system manipulation, or cryptomining detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard Angular modules, RxJS operators, and internal component dependencies. It defines several components and directives for swiper functionality, including background image handling, dot indicators, and container management. Style manipulations are done via Renderer2, with inputs controlling behavior like auto-play, loop, speed, and interval. Event emitters communicate slide changes. The code structure is typical for an Angular library implementing a UI component. There are no signs of obfuscation, hidden code, or malicious activity. The code appears focused on UI behavior and DOM manipulation without external system interaction.",
  "conclusion": "This code implements a standard Angular swiper component suite with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It primarily manages DOM styles and emits events related to slide changes. No malware signals or security risks are detected within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}