{
  "purpose": "React component that provides a custom scrollable container with a visible scrollbar thumb, handling mouse wheel events for scrolling and hiding/showing the scrollbar thumb dynamically.",
  "sources": "Input data is primarily the DOM node properties and user agent for mobile detection.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation (style changes, event listeners), scrollTo method, setting attributes on DOM elements.",
  "flows": "User wheel/mouse events -> handler functions -> scroll position updates -> thumb position updates. The mobile detection influences style and event handling.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically adds/removes event listeners based on feature detection. It manipulates the overflow style of scrollable parent elements to control scroll behavior. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. The logic is complex but typical for custom scrollbars. No suspicious network activity, data leaks, or system modifications are apparent. No obfuscation or unusual language features beyond standard React and DOM API use.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a React component managing custom scroll behavior and a scrollbar thumb. It uses standard React hooks, DOM APIs, and event handling techniques. The firstScrollableParent function searches upward in the DOM to find scrollable ancestors and manipulates their overflow style during scroll events, which is common for nested scrolling containers. The showThumb function manages the visibility of the scrollbar thumb, hiding it after a delay. Mobile detection is used to default to native scrolling, which is appropriate. Event listeners are added and removed based on feature detection for wheel events. The code does not contain any suspicious network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoor logic. The style manipulations are localized to DOM elements, with no indication of system compromise or malicious payloads. Overall, this appears to be a legitimate UI component for custom scrollbars without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a React component implementing custom scrolling with a visible thumb indicator. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It employs standard techniques for event handling and DOM manipulation relevant to UI components. No indicators of sabotage, data theft, or harmful activity are present.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}