{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component for a custom scrollable container with a visible scrollbar thumb that appears on user interaction or scroll events.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from event objects (e.g., 'wheel' events), DOM attributes (e.g., 'scroll-parent'), and navigator.userAgent for mobile detection.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulations such as setting style properties, attribute modifications, and event listener additions/removals. The code modifies styles based on user interactions and system detection.",
  "flows": "Event handlers listen to wheel events and modify scroll positions and scrollbar thumb positioning. The code updates DOM styles and attributes based on user input, scrolling position, and device type.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code uses standard event handling and DOM style manipulations. The 'scrollThumb' style updates involve calculated 'top' and 'height' values. The mobile detection logic is straightforward. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present. The code does set a 'scroll-parent' attribute to certain DOM nodes, which is benign.",
  "analysis": "The component manages custom scrolling behavior by listening to wheel events and controlling the visibility and position of a scrollbar thumb element. It dynamically detects the scrollable parent container and adjusts overflow styles accordingly. The code employs standard React hooks and DOM manipulations. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system damage, or unauthorized network communication. The code does not send data over the network, connect to suspicious domains, or execute any hidden or malicious scripts. It focuses solely on UI interaction and DOM style updates. The presence of event listeners and style adjustments are typical for custom scrollbar implementations. No obfuscated code or dynamic evaluation functions are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React component implementing custom scrollbars with standard practices. It does not contain any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The implementation is typical for UI enhancement and does not involve data leaks, network communications, or backdoors. Overall, the package appears safe based on this review.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}