{
  "purpose": "The code provides a factory function to generate pseudorandom number generators (PRNGs) for binomially distributed random numbers, with configurable parameters and options.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include function arguments (n, p, options), environment variables, and imported modules such as random number generators, validation functions, and utility functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leak points are in the PRNG's seed, state, and JSON serialization functions, which could expose internal states if improperly accessed. However, the code handles state access carefully with accessors.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (n, p, options) flow into validation and configuration of the PRNG, then into internal functions that generate random numbers. State and seed are managed via accessors with controlled exposure.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code structure is typical for a random number generator factory. No unusual or malicious behaviors detected, such as network connections, system modifications, or data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code is well-structured, with clear separation of concerns, and uses standard modules for validation, random number generation, and property definitions. The PRNG setup appears to be standard, with optional external PRNG support and internal state management. No indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The use of external modules for validation and utility functions is common and does not suggest tampering. The serialization and state management functions are typical and do not leak sensitive information maliciously. The code lacks obfuscation, malicious injections, or hidden payloads.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of a binomial random number generator factory with configurable options. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It appears safe and appropriate for general use in applications requiring binomial distributed randomness.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}