{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a utility for tracking DOM elements' visibility and position relative to the viewport, mainly used for implementing scroll-based interactions or animations.",
  "sources": "Reads data from DOM elements via querySelectorAll and getBoundingClientRect. Reads window properties such as pageYOffset and innerHeight. Reads attributes like data-innerer from DOM elements.",
  "sinks": "Calls a user-provided callback function (emmitData) with position and visibility data. Does not write or modify DOM or global state directly. No dangerous sink found.",
  "flows": "DOM elements' bounding rects and window properties are processed and passed to callback functions. User callback invoked with structured position data, but no untrusted data is injected into system or network.",
  "anomalies": "Uses dynamic function execution in try-catch blocks for callback invocation but does not execute arbitrary code. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscation. The code structure and variable naming are clear and typical for a DOM interaction library.",
  "analysis": "The code is focused on DOM measurements, scroll and resize event handling, and invoking callbacks with computed visibility and position data. No suspicious network requests, data exfiltration, or code injection are present. All functions and variables are standard for DOM tracking utilities. No obfuscation or malicious patterns detected. The callback execution is wrapped in try-catch, which is normal for error handling. The code does not perform any remote network communications or system modifications. It is a standard DOM tracking utility with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign DOM interaction utility designed for tracking element visibility and position. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. Its purpose is for scroll-based UI interactions or animations, with no evidence of security risks or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}