{
  "purpose": "This code implements a base MCP (Model Control Protocol) server that handles tool management and command execution, primarily for blockchain wallet operations such as creating wallets, checking balances, and processing commands via natural language.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from JSON-RPC messages received via stdin (process.stdin.on('data')) and parameters within those messages (e.g., message.params), including method names and arguments.",
  "sinks": "Outputs JSON-RPC responses to stdout (process.stdout.write), including command results and error messages. Uses external handlers 'toolHandlers' to process commands and wallet operations, which are not defined here.",
  "flows": "Input messages are parsed from stdin, routed through custom handlers based on method names (e.g., 'callTool'), and responses are generated accordingly. For 'callTool' method, arguments are passed to specific handler functions, and results are returned as JSON responses.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are evident. The code relies on external 'toolHandlers' for core logic, which could contain malicious code, but cannot be assessed here. The process listens for raw JSON messages and responds directly, which could be exploited if untrusted input is processed without validation, but no direct malicious code is embedded.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of an MCP server with handlers for tool listing and invocation. It uses 'process.stdin' and 'process.stdout' for communication, which is typical for stdio-based IPC. The handlers invoke external 'toolHandlers' functions for wallet operations and command processing. There are no indications of hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious system calls. The error handling is standard, and no suspicious data exfiltration, code injection, or malicious network activity is present within this code snippet. Since the code mainly delegates functionality to external handlers, malicious behavior could originate from those external modules, but within this code, no malicious actions are visible.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical MCP server implementation managing wallet-related commands and tool invocation via JSON-RPC over stdio. There are no signs of malicious intent or embedded malware. Its security depends on the external 'toolHandlers' modules, but this code itself appears benign and properly structured. No suspicious behavior or security risks are detected within the provided code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}