{
  "purpose": "This code implements a base MCP server that handles tool registration, method handling, and communication via JSON-RPC over stdio, primarily for blockchain wallet operations.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from process.stdin, including JSON-RPC messages; reads parameters in handler functions (e.g., 'command', 'name', 'arguments') in incoming requests.",
  "sinks": "Writes JSON-RPC responses to process.stdout; logs errors to the console.",
  "flows": "Input data from process.stdin is parsed and routed to handlers based on method name; handlers process parameters, invoke tool functions, and output responses via process.stdout.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No suspicious network connections or system modifications detected. The code structure is typical for a server setup. The code does not perform any data exfiltration, system modification, or hidden activities. It appropriately handles errors and logs them.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a server that registers handlers for 'listTools' and 'callTool' requests. It performs input validation for required parameters like 'command' and 'name'. The handlers invoke external tool functions which are presumed to perform blockchain operations, but their implementation is not shown here. Communication is handled over stdio with JSON-RPC messages, and the server checks connection status to a blockchain network. The setup and flow are typical for such server applications, with no signs of obfuscated code, malicious data handling, or unauthorized system access. The code includes standard error handling and process termination routines, and it does not contain code that sends data over the network or modifies system files.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a JSON-RPC server for blockchain wallet management, with no indicators of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It operates over standard input/output streams and relies on external tool handlers, which are not part of this code but are presumed to be safe. No malicious code, backdoors, or secret exfiltration mechanisms are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}