{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Base MCP (Model Context Protocol) server for handling tool commands and custom methods over a JSON-RPC interface, mainly for blockchain operations such as wallet management and command processing.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from process.stdin (JSON-RPC messages), and from request parameters in 'callTool' and 'listTools' handlers.",
  "sinks": "Outputs responses to process.stdout, including results of tool executions. Also logs errors to console.",
  "flows": "Input JSON-RPC messages from stdin are parsed, routed to handlers based on method name, and responses are written back to stdout. Tool parameters flow from request to handler functions that invoke 'toolHandlers' methods.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are detected. The code straightforwardly implements a JSON-RPC server handling commands. The only notable activity is the invocation of 'toolHandlers' functions based on input commands, but their implementations are external and unknown. No suspicious network connections, system modifications, or data leaks are observed within this code. Error handling and process termination are standard.",
  "analysis": "The code imports server and type modules, sets up a server with handlers for listing tools and executing tool commands, and manages process communication via stdin and stdout. The 'callTool' handler dynamically invokes external functions based on received parameters, which could be risky if those functions are malicious. However, in this snippet, the core logic is to delegate to 'toolHandlers', whose behavior is external and not shown. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The server checks blockchain connection status before starting. The input/output mechanisms are standard for a CLI-based JSON-RPC server. Overall, the code appears to be a typical implementation for a modular server that depends on external 'toolHandlers' for blockchain operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a standard, straightforward JSON-RPC server for blockchain tool management, with no evident malicious behavior or sabotage. The external 'toolHandlers' functions are critical points; if malicious, they could perform harmful actions, but based solely on this code, there is no malicious intent or suspicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}