{
  "purpose": "The code implements a base MCP server for handling tool commands and custom methods over JSON-RPC via stdio, mainly for blockchain-related operations such as wallet management and command processing.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from process.stdin (JSON-RPC messages), and reads code from imported modules (e.g., '@modelcontextprotocol/sdk', './tools.js', '../blockchain/provider.js')",
  "sinks": "Outputs responses to process.stdout, logs errors to the console, and potentially calls external handlers in 'toolHandlers' which could perform actions like wallet creation, balance checking, or command processing",
  "flows": "Input JSON-RPC messages received from stdin are parsed and routed to appropriate handlers, which invoke functions in 'toolHandlers'. Results are formatted as JSON responses sent back via stdout.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution detected. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code appears to handle data securely without exposing sensitive info. All imported modules are used in a straightforward manner. Error handling is present.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a server that responds to specific tool request schemas and custom methods, primarily for blockchain wallet management and command processing. It includes proper input validation, error handling, and logging. The handlers invoke external 'toolHandlers' functions, which are not shown, but their usage suggests standard operations rather than malicious actions. The server communicates over stdio, which is a common pattern for controlled inter-process communication. No indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections to suspicious domains, or backdoors are present. The code is structured and clear, with no signs of obfuscation or hidden code. Security is maintained through validation and error handling, with no evidence of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a JSON-RPC server for blockchain tool management over stdio, with no malicious behavior detected. It relies on external handlers for core functions, which are not accessible here but seem to follow standard patterns. Overall, the code poses no significant security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}