{
  "purpose": "The code is a file processing utility designed to replace blocks and references in files, specifically targeting HTML and CSS files to update resource references with revved or optimized versions.",
  "sources": "Code reads input from files (via filename or File object), block data within files (file.blocks), and parameters passed to functions such as patterns and finder.",
  "sinks": "Uses string replacement functions that modify file content, and performs filesystem lookups via the finder to locate revved assets.",
  "flows": "Sources such as file content and block data flow through replaceBlocks and replaceWithRevved functions, which generate modified content by replacing original references with revved versions obtained via the finder.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code primarily performs string replacements based on patterns. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation detected. No external network calls or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a configurable file processor that replaces references in HTML and CSS files, such as script src, link href, img src, and CSS url() references, with their revved versions. It uses regex patterns to identify these references and replaces them with updated paths obtained from a finder component. The process appears straightforward, with no signs of malicious code or behavior. It relies on safe string operations, pattern matching, and controlled file lookup. There are no suspicious behaviors like data exfiltration, system commands execution, or hidden backdoors. The only potential concern is the reliance on external finder functions, but this is a standard pattern in asset management workflows.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs legitimate file content processing for asset revision purposes. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, malware, or security risks based on the provided code. The implementation is typical for build tools and does not contain any suspicious or harmful constructs.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}