{
  "purpose": "This code is a webpack-bundled JavaScript module that provides image upload functionality with preview, validation, and UI controls. It appears to facilitate multi-file image uploads within a specified DOM target.",
  "sources": "Input file elements triggered by user interactions; file objects from source.files; user-supplied configuration options; DOM elements for rendering previews and controls.",
  "sinks": "File reading via FileReader to generate image previews; DOM manipulation to add or remove image thumbnails and upload controls; alert or popup messages for user feedback.",
  "flows": "User selects files via input elements -> handleShowPreview invoked -> validate files -> read files with FileReader -> generate previews or icons -> inject into DOM -> bind delete/reset events.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors present. No suspicious network calls or data exfiltration code detected. Usage of external libraries for UI and browser detection appears standard. No obfuscation or unusual dynamic code execution. All code appears to handle typical upload functionalities with validation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured implementation of a multi-file image upload widget with preview, validation, and reset features. It uses standard APIs (FileReader, DOM manipulation, jQuery event binding). External dependencies are related to UI and browser detection, with no evidence of malicious behavior. There are no network requests, data leaks, or backdoors. The popup and styling modules are for user feedback and styling purposes only. No hidden or suspicious code segments found.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript module is a typical image upload widget with preview and validation, containing no malicious behavior or security risks. It follows standard patterns and relies on common external libraries for UI. No indications of malware or supply chain sabotage detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}