{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to parse HTML content files, identify build blocks (such as CSS or JS assets), and extract relevant resource links and directives for further processing.",
  "sources": "Reads the content of a specified HTML file from the filesystem using fs.readFileSync, and extracts data via regex matching within the file content.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write or send data; potential vulnerabilities could arise if input files are maliciously crafted with malicious content, such as embedded scripts, or if the content is used elsewhere insecurely. The extraction of resource paths could be misused if combined with unsafe path handling elsewhere.",
  "flows": "Reads HTML content from filesystem -> Parses content with regex to identify build blocks and resource links -> Stores extracted data in internal structures.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials present. No suspicious code patterns, such as network activity, data exfiltration, or system modifications. The code is mainly focused on parsing and extracting build blocks from HTML content. Throwing errors for unsupported require.js blocks indicates validation but is not malicious. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The script loads an HTML file synchronously, then uses regex to find build blocks (e.g., <!-- build:css ... -->) and their associated resource links (href or src). It manages state with flags for parsing blocks and records resource paths, including optional media and defer attributes. The code enforces constraints on defer attribute mixing. No network activity, no manipulation of system files, and no suspicious behavior are evident. The regex patterns are standard and serve static content parsing, not dynamic or unsafe evaluation. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious backdoors are present. Overall, the script is a straightforward HTML resource parser with validation for specific HTML comment blocks.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs static parsing of HTML build blocks to extract resource links and metadata. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security vulnerabilities by itself. Its functionality is limited to file reading and regex-based parsing, with no network, data exfiltration, or system modification activities. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}