{
  "purpose": "The code implements a web-based 3D IFC model viewer using WebGL, allowing model loading, rendering, interaction (rotation, zoom, clipping), style and state management, event handling, and shader management.",
  "sources": "Data inputs occur during model loading via URL, Blob, or File objects; user interactions read mouse events for picking and clipping; shader code is embedded as strings; and WebGL API functions are used for rendering.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could influence shader code or model data if loaded maliciously; however, no direct sinks for network transmission, system modifications, or data exfiltration are present. WebGL functions are used for rendering buffers and textures, which are standard.",
  "flows": "Sources include model loading sources (URLs or blobs), user input events, and embedded shader code. These data flow into buffer and texture creation, shader compilation, and rendering pipelines. No evidence of data flowing from untrusted sources into network or system endpoints.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network connections are detected. The code contains extensive standard WebGL setup, shader code, and model parsing routines. The shader code mainly encodes ID and color data. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution. The presence of a comprehensive shader program and extensive model parsing may seem complex but are standard for such viewers.",
  "analysis": "The code is a detailed implementation of a WebGL-based IFC model viewer, including model parsing, rendering, interaction, styling, and event handling. It uses standard WebGL API calls, embedded GLSL shader strings, and binary data processing. No network communications, data exfiltration, or system sabotage code is evident. The code is consistent with typical web visualization tools, with no anomalies suggesting malicious behavior. The complexity arises from feature-rich functionality rather than obfuscation or malware traits.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code functions as a 3D IFC model viewer using WebGL. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware signatures are detected. The code appears legitimate, comprehensive, and aligned with standard visualization techniques. The overall security risk is very low based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}