{
  "purpose": "This code defines React components for character rating visualization, including a filled star and a rating container, likely used for a user interface to display character ratings.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component props such as 'rating', 'position', 'character', 'maxRating', and possibly from event handlers (onMouseMove, onClick, onKeyDown). It also imports React library and external character fill component.",
  "sinks": "The code renders React elements based on input data. There are no sinks that process untrusted data into system commands, network requests, or file operations.",
  "flows": "Input props (ratings, positions, characters) are used to determine visual display; event handlers (if provided) could be sources of user input, but they are passed in without specific implementation here. The rendering process does not include any data flow that leads to system effects or data leaks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behavior detected. The code appears to be straightforward React component definitions for UI rendering. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports React, defines a utility function 'g' for calculating fill width based on ratings, then defines 'CharacterFill' and 'CharacterRating' React components. These components use props to render rating stars with fill levels. Event handlers are conditionally attached based on 'interactive' prop, but they are just passed through without any suspicious behavior. The style and rendering logic are standard for React components, and no external or malicious calls are made. The source mapping comment at the end indicates minified code, but the code itself is well-structured and not obfuscated or malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a React component implementation for character ratings, with no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. It functions solely as UI rendering logic. No malware or security concerns are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}