{
  "purpose": "This source code implements React components for rendering character ratings with visual styling and interactivity.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component props such as 'rating', 'character', 'maxRating', and user interaction callbacks like 'onMouseMove', 'onClick', 'onKeyDown'. It also imports external libraries React and other local modules.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data are present. The code generates DOM elements with inline styles and ARIA attributes, but does not perform network requests, file operations, or data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props into style calculations and ARIA attributes. User interactions trigger callback functions passed via props. No dangerous data flows or code execution paths are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors identified. The code contains minified source mapping comment but this is standard for production builds. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are detected. No suspicious network activity or code injection patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily creates React components for visual character rating display with customizable colors, font sizes, and interactivity. The functions 'g' and components 'p' and 'h' utilize props to render visual elements based on rating logic. The only notable aspect is the source map comment, which is typical in minified production code and not malicious. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data theft, system modification, or covert network communication. The code's structure and logic are straightforward and align with common React component patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React component implementation for rendering character ratings with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It uses safe practices and does not include any suspicious data flows or embedded malicious payloads.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}