{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React component for uploading, previewing, and managing files, primarily images, within a user interface. It handles file selection, preview display, and communication with a backend upload service.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the 'props' object for configuration and file data, and the 'file' object during uploads. User actions such as file selection or preview trigger these sources.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent to the upload function for server upload, and file URLs or IDs are returned and stored. Preview images are rendered directly in the component, and download links are generated for non-image files.",
  "flows": "User selects or uploads a file -> handleUpload sends file to backend -> server responds with file URL and ID -> handleChange updates file list and propagates data -> handlePreview loads and displays the image or link.",
  "anomalies": "Code contains many imported Babel and regenerator runtime functions, suggesting transpiled code but no obfuscated or malicious patterns. The upload process and file handling appear standard, with no hardcoded credentials, network connections to suspicious domains, or data exfiltration mechanisms. No use of dynamic code execution, eval, or suspicious code constructs observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component for uploading and previewing files, utilizing standard practices. It manages local state for previews, integrates with a custom upload request function, and dynamically generates preview or download links based on file type. No hidden or malicious code segments are present. The import statements and runtime functions are typical of transpiled modern JavaScript code. The upload function is called with a file object and handles success/error via promises, but the actual 'upload' implementation is commented out or assumed external, with no suspicious network activity directly visible. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The logic is clear, and the structure aligns with common React upload components.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React component for handling file uploads with preview capabilities. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are detected. It uses standard libraries and patterns, with no signs of malware or dangerous data leaks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}