{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React component for uploading and previewing files, primarily images, with support for modal previews and custom upload handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from 'props' (upload, value, mode, readonly) and from imported modules. It also reads files from user input via the FileReader API during file previews.",
  "sinks": "The code writes data to the 'props.onChange' callback, updates component state, and creates a FormData object for file uploads. It also interacts with an 'upload' function to send files to a server.",
  "flows": "User inputs (file uploads) are captured and passed to handleUpload, which sends files to the server via 'upload()'. The server response updates file URLs. The component manages state for file list and preview images, enabling user interaction with uploaded files.",
  "anomalies": "The 'upload' function is imported but not shown; it appears to handle file uploads, which could be a risk if malicious or poorly implemented. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code uses dynamic import and React state management normally. No suspicious network activity or hidden code detected. No obfuscation, minification, or dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard React file upload component with preview functionality, handling file reading with FileReader, and uploading files via a provided 'upload' function. It does not contain any hidden or malicious behavior. The only external dependency is the 'upload' method, which is not detailed; assuming it is a standard upload endpoint. No suspicious logic, backdoors, or malicious data leaks are evident. The code structure and logic are typical for a React file uploader.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate React component for file upload and preview without malicious intent. There are no indicators of malware or malicious behavior within this fragment. The only concern could be the external 'upload' function, which is not shown; if implemented insecurely, it might pose security risks outside this module. Overall, the code itself is safe and standard.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}