{
  "purpose": "This code implements color space conversions, gamut mapping, and related mathematical functions for OKLCH and OKLab color models, primarily for ensuring colors fit within specified gamuts and are properly mapped across different color spaces.",
  "sources": "The code reads input colors via function parameters (oklch, cusp, gamut, etc.), and relies on imported modules for conversions and mathematical utilities.",
  "sinks": "Color conversion functions, gamut mapping functions, and output variables that transform and produce color values. No direct untrusted data sinks or external data exfiltration is evident.",
  "flows": "Input data (colors, hues, gamut parameters) flow through conversion functions and are processed via mathematical calculations, with some functions adjusting colors for gamut compliance. The flow is internally contained, transforming color data from source to target spaces.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors detected. No suspicious network calls, file operations, or hidden behaviors are present. The code is primarily mathematical and conversion-focused. No obfuscated code or misleading variable usage is observed. Comments indicate an understanding of color science, not malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly performs color space conversions, maximum saturation calculations, gamut intersections, and gamut mapping strategies. It utilizes standard mathematical functions and color science principles. No code snippets execute system commands, network requests, or access sensitive environment variables. The only potentially noteworthy aspect is the complexity of gamut mapping functions, but they are mathematical in nature and do not involve data exfiltration or malicious activities. No dynamic code evaluation or obfuscation present. The import statements are for utility modules and conversion matrices, which are standard and benign. The functions handle color data securely without hardcoded secrets or suspicious logic. Overall, the code is consistent with a color management library with no malicious or sabotage intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a color science utility library focused on gamut mapping and color conversions. It contains no malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. Its complexity is due to mathematical calculations related to color spaces rather than any malicious purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}