{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for color space conversions, gamut mapping, and color manipulation within the OKLab/OKLCH color spaces, primarily for ensuring colors fit within specific device gamuts.",
  "sources": "Reads include imported modules for mathematical operations, color space conversions, and gamut coefficients; also reads input color vectors (oklch) and optional cusp parameters.",
  "sinks": "Transforms include color conversions, gamut clipping, and mathematical calculations. No direct data leakage or external data transmission is evident; no output is written to external systems.",
  "flows": "Input color data (oklch) is processed through gamut mapping functions, involving conversions between color spaces, calculation of maximum saturation, and intersection points. The data flows from input vectors through mathematical and color conversion functions, ending with a clipped and converted output color vector.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code contains mathematically complex functions but uses standard color science algorithms. There are no signs of code obfuscation, hidden dynamic code execution, or unusual variable naming. All computations appear legitimate within color space processing.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically implements color gamut mapping, including functions for finding the maximum saturation, the gamut cusp, and the intersection of color lines with gamut boundaries. It relies on standard mathematical and color conversion routines. No external network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification is observed. The code appears to be a legitimate library for color management. The use of precise mathematical operations, proper parameter handling, and the absence of suspicious patterns suggest that the code is designed for color processing, with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured, standard implementation of color gamut mapping and conversion functions. There is no evidence of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The code does not perform any unauthorized system actions or data leaks. It is safe based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}