{
  "purpose": "The source code implements a web-based GUI component library with various input fields, controllers, and nested groups, designed for parameter editing and visualization. It manages user input, resource previews (images, files), and dispatches events for updates.",
  "sources": "DOM events (input, change, click), properties of components (value, disabled), external resources (File, Blob, URL.createObjectURL), and event dispatching.",
  "sinks": "Assignment to target object properties, dispatching custom events ('update'), creation of object URLs for media previews, and DOM updates.",
  "flows": "User interacts with input elements → event handlers parse and set values → resource URLs are created and revoked as needed → events propagate to update target properties and trigger callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, obfuscation, or suspicious code patterns. Proper resource cleanup (revoking object URLs) is observed. Usage of standard APIs like URL.createObjectURL is appropriate.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward, well-structured open-source GUI component library built with lit-element. It handles user input, resource previews, and property updates using standard web APIs. No malicious code, network activity, or obfuscation is present. The resource management practices (creating and revoking object URLs) are correctly implemented. The code does not contain any backdoors, hidden payloads, or suspicious patterns. The use of event dispatching and property reflection aligns with common web component design. Overall, the code is safe and intended for parameter editing and visualization in web applications.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a legitimate, open-source GUI component library with no malicious intent or security risks. It employs standard patterns, manages resources properly, and does not contain obfuscation or malicious payloads. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the overall security risk is very low (~0.1). The provided assessments and scores are accurate and justified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}