{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component called 'Property' that dynamically renders different types of input controls based on props, manages validation, and handles user input events.",
  "sources": "Reads include props (validation functions, inputType, value, etc.), refs to DOM elements for retrieving values, and event objects from onBlur and onChange handlers.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe code execution via 'new Function' in buildValidation, input refs for retrieving values, and event handling that passes data to parent callbacks.",
  "flows": "User input triggers onBlur/onChange, which invoke handlers that may validate and propagate new values. Validation functions created via 'new Function' execute string-based code, potentially executing malicious logic if 'validation' prop is manipulated.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'new Function' with 'funcString' from props is suspicious; it can execute arbitrary code if the validation string is controlled externally. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity detected. Code appears obfuscated minimally, likely due to transpilation but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The primary security concern is the use of 'new Function' with 'validation' string from props, which can execute arbitrary code if an attacker controls this string. Other parts of the code are standard React component logic, dynamically rendering input types based on props, and managing validation state. No network activity, data leaks, or backdoors are evident. Usage of third-party libraries seems typical and benign. Overall, the code’s suspicious element hinges on the validation function creation, which could be exploited if misused.",
  "conclusion": "The code is mostly standard React component code with a notable risk due to dynamic function creation from props. If the 'validation' prop is user-controlled, it could execute malicious code. Otherwise, no malicious behavior or malware signs are present. The overall security risk is moderate, contingent on input validation sources.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 3
}