{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component named 'Property' that renders various input controls based on props, including validation and event handling.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from 'props' such as 'validation', 'value', 'name', 'inputType', and event callbacks ('onBlur', 'onChange'). It also reads input values via refs.",
  "sinks": "Event handlers 'onBlur' and 'onChange' invoke callback functions passed through props, potentially handling untrusted input. The validation function is dynamically created from a string and can execute arbitrary code.",
  "flows": "Input values are read from refs, passed to validation functions generated from strings, and then trigger callback functions. Validation functions (created dynamically) execute user-supplied code for validation logic.",
  "anomalies": "The dynamic creation of validation functions from string inputs (via 'new Function') is a significant security concern. This allows execution of arbitrary code if the 'validation' prop contains malicious code. No other suspicious code such as network requests, system modifications, or obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily implements a React component with customizable input types and validation. The use of 'new Function' with user-provided strings for validation is a notable risk, as it can execute arbitrary code. The component does not include network requests or system modifications. No hardcoded credentials or malicious payloads are present. The code structure and style are typical for React components. The dynamic validation function creation is the main anomaly and security concern.",
  "conclusion": "While the component itself appears standard, the use of 'new Function' to create validation functions from arbitrary strings introduces a high security risk, as it can execute malicious code supplied via props. If the 'validation' prop is user-controlled, this could lead to remote code execution. Other than that, no malware or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "report_number": 2
}