{
  "purpose": "The code defines a PostCSS plugin for sorting CSS custom properties (variables) in a specified order, either alphabetically, numerically, or via a custom function, while respecting dependencies between variables.",
  "sources": "The code reads input CSS rule declarations via rule.walkDecls, specifically targeting properties that match /^--/ (CSS custom properties). It also reads options provided to the plugin (sortOrder).",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any data sinks that could lead to data leaks or malicious actions. It processes CSS declarations and modifies the order of properties within CSS rules.",
  "flows": "Input CSS rule declarations are scanned for custom properties; dependencies are identified through var(--...) references in property values; properties are sorted based on the provided or default sorting function; dependencies are processed to maintain order; final sorted properties are prepended back into the rule.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard PostCSS plugin implementation without obfuscated code or hidden malicious patterns. There are no suspicious network calls, data exfiltration, or dynamic code execution. It relies on standard JavaScript features and PostCSS API.",
  "analysis": "The plugin primarily manipulates CSS rules by collecting custom properties, identifying dependencies through var() references, and sorting the properties accordingly. It handles duplicate properties by issuing warnings and keeping only the last declaration. It sorts properties either through a user-provided function or default alphanumeric sorting. Dependencies are enforced by repositioning dependent properties after their dependencies. No external network calls, file system access, or other suspicious behaviors are present. The code is well-structured, with clear separation of concerns and no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate PostCSS plugin designed for sorting CSS custom properties with dependency management. It performs safe, standard operations related to CSS processing. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are detected. It is safe to use from a security standpoint.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}