{
  "purpose": "The code is a PostCSS plugin that sorts CSS custom properties (variables) within CSS rules, either alphabetically, numerically, or via a custom sort order provided by a function.",
  "sources": "The code reads CSS rule declarations (rule.walkDecls) and optionally accepts a sortOrder function from the user.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies CSS declarations by removing and reordering them, then reinserting them into the CSS rule.",
  "flows": "Source: CSS declarations in rule.walkDecls; Flow: declarations are collected into a map, sorted, dependencies are handled, and then reinserted into the rule.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network calls. The code does manipulate CSS declarations but does so solely within the context of CSS processing. No evidence of code injection, data leakage, or malicious behaviors such as system access, network exfiltration, or crypto-mining is present.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a CSS custom property sorter for PostCSS. It reads CSS declarations, detects dependencies via var() references, and sorts properties accordingly, respecting dependencies. It handles duplicate properties by warning and only keeps the last occurrence. The sorting can be customized via a user-provided function or defaults to alphanumeric sorting. No external data sources, network activity, or system commands are involved. The code is well-structured, with proper safeguards against duplicate properties and dependency management. It does not include obfuscated code or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign PostCSS plugin designed for CSS variable sorting. It performs no malicious actions, does not leak data, and contains no malware. Its functionality is limited to CSS processing within the build pipeline. The code appears safe and free from security risks or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}