{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for serializing various JavaScript data types into SQL-compatible strings and implements a simple TTL (time-to-live) cache class for in-memory storage with expiration.",
  "sources": "The 'toSQL' function reads input data passed as function argument 'value'. The 'TTLCache' class reads input data via 'get', 'set', and 'delete' methods, using keys and values stored in the cache.",
  "sinks": "The 'toSQL' function outputs SQL-formatted strings which could be used directly in SQL queries. No external data sinks or network operations are present. The cache stores data in-memory without external communication.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input variables 'value', 'key', and 'value' in 'toSQL' and 'TTLCache' methods, to the output of 'toSQL' strings and in-memory cache storage. No external network or file system interaction is observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or hidden behaviors detected. The only exception is the throw in 'toSQL' for unsupported types, which is standard error handling.",
  "analysis": "The 'toSQL' function safely converts common data types into SQL literals, with proper escaping for strings and support for dates and buffers. It does not perform any network operations or access environment variables. The 'TTLCache' class implements a standard in-memory cache with expiration based on timestamps. The code is clean, well-structured, and free of suspicious or malicious logic. No anomalies, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected. The code is purely utility functions and an in-memory cache, typical for application-level code.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is safe, containing no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It functions as utility code for SQL serialization and caching, with no evidence of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}