{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of utility functions for uploading images or files to external services via HTTP requests, including base64 strings, blob data, local files, and URLs.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as base64 strings, blob data, file paths, and image URLs. It also reads file data from the filesystem using 'fs.createReadStream' and 'fs.statSync'.",
  "sinks": "The code sends data over the network using axios.post and axios.get, especially to user-specified URLs, potentially transmitting sensitive data. It also reads files from the local filesystem which could contain sensitive information.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters or filesystem reads to network sinks via axios HTTP requests. For example, 'upload_base64' sends base64 data to a specified URL; 'upload_blob' sends blob data; 'upload_path' reads local files and uploads them; 'upload_url' fetches an image from a URL and uploads it.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not include any obfuscated or suspicious code patterns. It performs standard data uploading functions with no hidden or unusual behaviors. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The use of 'x-api-key' headers indicates potential API key usage, but keys are passed as parameters, not hardcoded. There are no dynamic code evaluations, malicious network connections, or unusual behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The module offers utility functions for uploading files or data to external endpoints using axios and form-data. It handles different input types: base64, blobs, local files, and URLs. All network communications are initiated via explicitly provided URLs and API keys as function arguments. The code uses standard Node.js modules like 'fs' and 'form-data' and external libraries like 'axios'. There is no evidence of obfuscation, malicious code injection, or malware behavior such as unauthorized data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system damage. The functions are typical for legitimate file upload processes. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious dynamic code execution are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate set of utility functions for uploading images and files to specified endpoints, with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior detected. It handles data uploads securely based on provided parameters, and there are no signs of malware or security risks within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}