{
  "purpose": "The code is primarily a CSS scoping and polyfill utility for Shadow DOM emulation, aimed at transforming CSS selectors to emulate Shadow DOM behavior in browsers that lack native support.",
  "sources": "The code reads input CSS strings and selector strings, as well as optional comments embedded within CSS rules for source mapping.",
  "sinks": "The code performs string manipulations for CSS transformation; no direct sinks involving network, file, or sensitive data access are present.",
  "flows": "Input CSS strings are processed through various transformations and replacements, including comment stripping, selector scoping, and polyfill injections, returning transformed CSS text.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors. No network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious system commands are present. Use of complex regex and string replacements could be misused if injected with malicious CSS, but this is standard in CSS processing. The code is a port of existing CSS polyfill logic and does not include obfuscated or malicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code is a complex CSS selector processing utility, implementing selector parsing, comment stripping, selector scoping, and polyfill transformations. It uses regex for parsing CSS rules and selector modifications, which is typical for CSS preprocessors or polyfills. There are no signs of malware or malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification. The code handles CSS content only, with no evidence of handling untrusted input beyond CSS code strings, which is expected in style processing. The use of standard open-source patterns and licensing comments further supports benign intent. No anomalous behavior or hidden backdoors are detected. The code is well-structured for CSS transformation and does not contain suspicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign CSS processing utility intended for styling scope emulation. It performs complex CSS selector transformations, typical for Shadow DOM polyfills, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}