{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for processing and transforming CSS selectors and styles to implement Shadow DOM polyfills, scope CSS rules, and handle specific CSS pseudo-classes. It appears to be a utility for CSS scoping and compatibility.",
  "sources": "The code reads CSS style strings and selectors, often from CSS files or inline styles. It processes input CSS text provided to functions such as scopeCss and scopeCssText.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies CSS text and selectors to scope styles, which are then likely injected into a webpage or style sheets. It does not directly write or send data outside the environment.",
  "flows": "Input CSS strings flow through functions like scopeCss, scopeCssText, and processRules, which transform selectors and CSS text. The resulting CSS is returned for application but no external network or data leaks are observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex regex replacements and string manipulations, but no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are evident. The use of placeholder replacement and comment extraction is consistent with CSS processing. No suspicious network activity or malicious behavior is present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs CSS selector parsing, comment stripping, and polyfill-like transformations for Shadow DOM styling support. It uses regex-based replacements for selectors like :host, ::slotted, and :host-context, and scopes CSS rules accordingly. There is no indication of data leakage, network communication, or malicious payloads. The code relies entirely on string operations and regex, typical for CSS processing utilities. No obfuscation or code injection patterns are detected. Its purpose is to enable CSS scoping and compatibility across browsers, not to execute arbitrary or malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a CSS processing utility designed to scope and polyfill Shadow DOM styles. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. It appears safe, focused solely on CSS manipulation, with no signs of sabotage or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}