{
  "purpose": "The code implements an Affiliate Fee Service to calculate and validate affiliate fees and related transaction costs in a blockchain context, primarily focusing on ensuring fees stay within a maximum threshold and handling token price data.",
  "sources": "User input data such as transaction amounts (`amountBigInt`), token addresses (`tokenInAddress`), network identifiers (`sourceNetwork`), and balances (`balances`). It also reads configuration data like chain IDs, stablecoin info, and token details from imported modules.",
  "sinks": "Calculations of fee percentages, validation functions, and error message construction may involve data flow from untrusted inputs to outputs or error messages. The code does not directly send data over the network or perform harmful actions.",
  "flows": "Input data (amounts, token addresses, network info) flow into fee calculation and validation functions, which compute total fees, check against thresholds, and produce validation results or error messages.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The fee calculations and token info retrieval appear standard. No obfuscated code, unusual dynamic code execution, or hidden behaviors are present. The code relies on configuration files and external modules for data, but nothing indicates malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard fee calculations and token data retrieval. It includes functions to determine minimum USD amounts to keep fees under a threshold, calculates total fee percentages based on token prices, and validates transaction sizes. The token price retrieval considers stablecoins and native tokens, which is normal for such systems. No signs of malware such as data exfiltration, network connections, or harmful system modifications are present. The logic appears consistent with legitimate financial calculations. No suspicious patterns or anomalies are identified beyond typical fee computation logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of an affiliate fee calculation and validation service. It operates within expected parameters for such a system, without any indication of malicious behavior or sabotage. No malware, backdoors, or suspicious data flows are detected. The code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}