{
  "purpose": "This code provides a React hook 'useClickable' to implement accessible clickable interactions for custom components, mimicking native button behavior with support for focus, disabled state, and keyboard interactions.",
  "sources": "Reads include React hooks (useRef, useCallback, useState, useEffect), event targets, and properties from 'props'. No external untrusted sources or user input directly influence behavior.",
  "sinks": "Event listeners for 'click', 'keydown', 'keyup', 'mousedown', 'mouseup', 'mouseover', 'mouseleave' are attached to DOM elements and the document. No data is written to external systems or network.",
  "flows": "Event handlers manage source-to-sink flow: user interactions (source) trigger events that invoke functions affecting internal state or DOM events (sink). The code does not handle or send external data outside event handling.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns, such as obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or hardcoded secrets. The code is structured, uses standard React patterns, and manages event listeners appropriately.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a React hook 'useClickable' that manages button-like behavior on arbitrary elements, handling focus, keyboard, and mouse events. It employs React refs, callbacks, and an internal event listener management system. The code does not read or write untrusted input, nor does it connect to external networks or perform system modifications. It follows best practices for accessibility and event management. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a well-structured React utility for accessible clickable components. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It functions solely within the browser environment, managing event handlers and element states without external communications or data leaks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}