{
  "purpose": "This code facilitates selling a specified currency pair on the Poloniex exchange, including fetching balances, calculating sell amounts, and placing sell orders.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'poloniexPromise' module for balances and tickers, command line arguments (argv) for parameters like rate and amount, and internal calculations based on these inputs.",
  "sinks": "The code places sell orders through 'poloniexPromise.sell()' which executes trades based on computed values; also logs data to the console.",
  "flows": "Inputs from command line and poloniexPromise methods flow into calculations, which then influence order placement. Data from 'returnCompleteBalances' and 'returnTicker' flows into the calculation and decision steps, eventually leading to a sell order execution.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behavior are apparent. The code performs standard trading operations with no suspicious code or obfuscated parts. The console logs contain no sensitive data. The use of 'require' modules and order placement seems legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code fetches account balances and ticker data from an external module, then calculates the amount to sell based on user-supplied parameters. It includes options for limit, panic, percentage, absolute amount, or total value sales. The 'placeSell' function logs the trade details and executes a sell order if not in dry-run mode. The logic appears straightforward and aligns with expected trading operations. No signs of data exfiltration, malicious network activity, or backdoors are present. It relies on external modules presumed safe, and there are no suspicious code constructs or obfuscated code present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate trading script for executing sell orders on Poloniex. It performs expected operations without any malicious intent or malicious code patterns. No security risks or malware indications are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}