{
  "purpose": "The code is a command-line utility for selling cryptocurrencies on the Poloniex exchange, including fetching balances, calculating sale amounts, and placing sell orders.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'poloniex-promise' module's functions: 'returnCompleteBalances', 'returnTicker', and 'sell'. It also reads user input via 'argv' parameters.",
  "sinks": "Order placement occurs through 'poloniexPromise.sell', which interacts with the exchange API. Console logging outputs information, but no other sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from API calls (sources) through calculations and parameter parsing, then to the 'sell' API call (sink). User inputs influence calculation parameters, and responses are logged.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. No dynamic code execution, external network calls outside the API, or hidden behaviors are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The script uses well-defined modules to fetch account balances and ticker data, then computes sell amounts based on user parameters. It provides flexibility for different order types, including panic sells and limit orders. The 'sell' function interfaces with the Poloniex API to execute trades. There are no signs of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or covert network communication. Logging is used for user feedback. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found, and the code is straightforward. The only potential concern is the use of 'console.log' for logging, which is standard for CLI tools. Overall, the code appears legitimate and safe.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard operations for a cryptocurrency trading script, with no evident malicious intent or security risks. It simply automates sell orders on Poloniex based on user input, with no suspicious behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}