{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React Native component called ProgressPie for rendering animated circular progress indicators with optional border, fill, and rotation effects.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include component props: 'progress', 'rotation', 'borderColor', 'borderWidth', 'color', 'unfilledColor', 'children', 'style', and other style-related props. These are used to determine rendering and animations.",
  "sinks": "Rendering functions such as <Circle> and <Shape> (Sector) components, with animation interpolations applied to 'progress' and 'rotation' props, which influence the SVG rendering. No external network or system sinks are directly invoked.",
  "flows": "Input props like 'progress' and 'rotation' flow into animated calculations (Animated.multiply, interpolate) that influence the SVG shape rendering and rotation transforms within the component.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors observed. The code uses standard React Native and react-native-svg components, with proper prop handling. No dynamic code execution or external data fetching is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports React Native components and custom shape components (Circle, Sector). It creates animated versions where necessary. The ProgressPie component accepts various visual and animated props, applies calculations for angle and rotation, and renders SVG elements accordingly. There is conditional logic for animation and unfilled colors, but nothing that suggests malicious intent or anomalous behavior. The use of 'withAnimation' appears to be a typical higher-order component for animations. All code functions within expected parameters of a UI component without any suspicious code or external network activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React Native animated progress indicator component with no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It handles inputs securely and performs expected rendering operations without external network communication or dangerous code constructs.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}