{
  "purpose": "This code extends the Leaflet map library to enable synchronization between multiple maps, including cursor synchronization and view updates across maps.",
  "sources": "Reads map view properties (center, zoom), cursor position (mousemove, mouseout events), and map sizes. Also reads data from options provided during synchronization setup.",
  "sinks": "Sets map view with setView, panBy, and _onResize. Updates cursor positions with setLatLng. Fires 'moveend' events, and modifies internal event handlers and map properties.",
  "flows": "Input events (mouse move, resize, zoomend, moveend, dragend) trigger internal functions that update map views or cursor positions. These functions propagate changes across synced maps via calls to setView, panBy, or fire events.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain suspicious hard-coded credentials or hidden backdoors. It manipulates map state and events, but these are consistent with intended map synchronization functionality. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution detected. Cursor is hidden by moving to [0,0], which is a minor UI concern but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script is a map synchronization module extending Leaflet's Map class to allow multiple maps to stay in sync during user interactions. It includes functions to add or remove sync relationships, synchronize cursors, and propagate view changes. The code carefully manages event listeners and state to prevent double-syncing and maintains synchronization states. No indications of malicious code such as network communication, data exfiltration, code injection, or obfuscated segments. The only minor concern is the cursor 'hide' technique (moving to [0,0]) which is benign. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate extension for map sync, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, non-malicious extension for synchronizing Leaflet maps. It manages map and cursor synchronization through event handling and method overriding without suspicious behaviors or hidden malicious actions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}