{
  "purpose": "Provides high-precision decimal arithmetic operations using external modules for calculations.",
  "sources": "Constructor input 'num', external modules ('add.js', 'sub.js', 'div.js', 'mul.js')",
  "sinks": "External modules for arithmetic calculations, no direct data sinks within this code",
  "flows": "Input 'num' -> constructor -> external modules -> result assigned to '_value' -> 'value' getter converts '_value' to Number",
  "anomalies": "Methods assign external module outputs directly to '_value' without validation; reliance on external modules' trustworthiness",
  "analysis": "The code defines a straightforward BigDecimal class for high-precision calculations, relying on external modules for core arithmetic. No obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious patterns are present. The methods instantiate new BigDecimal objects and assign the result of external functions directly to '_value', assuming these functions return string representations of the calculation results. The 'value' getter converts '_value' to Number, which may introduce floating-point inaccuracies but is acceptable for typical use. No network activity, data leaks, or environment variable access are detected. The external modules' trustworthiness is a concern but cannot be assessed from this snippet. The malware score is appropriately set to 0, as no malicious behavior is evident. The security risk score is low (0.1-0.2), reflecting dependency on external modules but no inherent vulnerabilities. The obfuscated score is 0, given the clear code structure. Overall, the code appears benign and well-structured, with the main security consideration being the trust in external modules.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign implementation of a BigDecimal utility class relying on external modules for calculations. No malicious activity or obfuscation is present. The security risk is minimal, primarily dependent on the trustworthiness of the external modules, which are not provided. The malware score remains at 0, and the obfuscated score at 0. The risk score could be slightly increased to around 0.15 to account for dependency trust but remains low. Overall, the code is safe and appropriate for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}