{
  "purpose": "The code defines styled React components for a custom select menu UI element, including layout, styling, and behavior for toggle states.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from required modules ('react', 'styled-components', '../../variables', '../../mixins') and internal component props such as 'isActive' and 'label'. It also references embedded data URLs for SVG images.",
  "sinks": "The code renders UI elements based on the component state and props; it does not include any direct data output or network operations.",
  "flows": "User interactions such as hover and focus modify component styles based on 'isActive' prop; no untrusted data flows to external systems or network communications are present.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors detected. Usage of embedded SVG images via data URLs is standard for icons. No dynamically executed code or obfuscated scripts are present. No indications of malicious intent or privacy violations.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical React component setup utilizing styled-components for UI. It manages toggle states for a dropdown menu through React props, with styling and layout defined in CSS-in-JS. Embedded SVG images are used for icons, encoded in data URLs, which is common for inline SVG icons. The component's logic is straightforward and does not perform any network requests, data harvesting, or system modifications. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. No obfuscated code, code injection, or unsafe data handling is evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard UI component implementation with no malicious behavior, supply chain risks, or security threats identified. It simply renders a styled select menu with interactive states. No security concerns are raised based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}