{
  "purpose": "The code initializes and extends the Prism syntax highlighter with custom language configurations and visualizations for angle units. It appears to enhance code highlighting and possibly provide a visual preview of angles.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (self, global), accesses Prism object properties, and uses regex patterns for syntax highlighting.",
  "sinks": "Modifies Prism's internal language configurations, injects CSS styles for visualizations, and manipulates DOM elements for angle preview rendering.",
  "flows": "The code checks environment variables and Prism object to set up language configurations. It hooks into Prism's 'before-highlight' to insert additional syntax rules. It also initializes a Prism plugin for visualizing angles, which manipulates DOM attributes and SVG elements based on user-input values.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors identified. The code primarily extends Prism functionality for syntax highlighting and visualization. No obfuscated code or suspicious network activity. The plugin manipulates DOM for visual effects, which is benign.",
  "analysis": "The script begins by verifying the existence of the 'self' or 'global' object and the Prism syntax highlighter. It defines language configurations for CSS, Less, Markup, Sass, SCSS, and Stylus, including nested structures. It adds a 'before-highlight' hook to insert additional regex-based syntax rules, specifically for matching angles with units (deg, grad, rad, turn). It also conditionally initializes a Prism plugin for angle visualization, which updates SVG graphics based on angle input values. There are no signs of malicious code such as network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications. The code strictly enhances Prism's syntax highlighting and visualization capabilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign extension to the Prism syntax highlighter, adding custom language configurations and an angle visualization plugin. There are no malicious behaviors or security risks observed. It functions as intended for enhancing syntax highlighting and visual feedback without performing any harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}