{
  "purpose": "This code appears to extend or modify the Prism syntax highlighter, specifically adding support for angle units in CSS-like syntax highlighting, with an optional previewer plugin for visual representation.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the environment object 'env' during the 'before-highlight' hook and from the DOM element that the previewer manipulates. It also reads 'Prism.languages' and plugin configuration data.",
  "sinks": "The code updates 'env.grammar' during highlighting and modifies DOM elements' attributes and styles in the previewer plugin, especially setting 'data-negative' attribute and updating 'strokeDasharray' styles of SVG elements.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'env.language' and 'env' object flows into language registration and modification. Data from 'value' in the previewer plugin flows into numeric parsing, influencing the SVG rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The code uses standard Prism plugin extension methods. The SVG rendering in the previewer appears safe and confined to DOM manipulation. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes language configurations for Prism syntax highlighting, adding specific regex patterns for CSS angle units. It attaches a 'before-highlight' hook to modify the grammar dynamically. If the Prism Previewer plugin exists, it creates a new preview component that visually represents angle values using SVG, updating attributes and styles based on parsed numerical values and units. The code functions solely to enhance syntax highlighting and visualization with no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or external data transmission. The overall structure and code patterns are consistent with standard Prism plugin extensions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Prism syntax highlighter extension with a visual angle previewer. No malicious intent or security risks are detected. It primarily enhances syntax highlighting and visualization capabilities without any suspicious or harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}