{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this code is to provide a JavaScript library for precise decimal arithmetic operations such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from constructor arguments (num) and function parameters (target). It converts these inputs to strings and internal representations for calculations.",
  "sinks": "Results are returned as Decimal objects or strings; no external data sinks such as network, file system, or environment variables are directly used or manipulated. No data leaks or external data transmission points are present.",
  "flows": "Input values are converted to internal decimal representations, then processed through arithmetic functions, with no external data flows or untrusted data affecting external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains standard decimal arithmetic logic with no obfuscated code, no hardcoded secrets, and no unusual dynamic code execution. It uses straightforward JavaScript functions. No backdoors, hidden functions, or suspicious patterns are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Decimal constructor for precise decimal calculations, implementing add, sub, mul, div methods. It includes helper functions for handling decimal string formatting and conversion. The functions operate locally with no external calls or side effects. The implementation appears to be a typical decimal arithmetic library, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not perform network requests, access environment variables, or include any code that could exfiltrate data or compromise the system. The code is not minified or obfuscated, and the logic is clear.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard decimal arithmetic library with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It performs typical mathematical operations without external side effects or malicious activities. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}