{
  "purpose": "This code defines a collection of easing functions used for animations, providing various mathematical interpolation curves such as linear, quadratic, cubic, sine, exponential, elastic, back, and bounce.",
  "sources": "The code reads only the input parameter 't' for each easing function, which typically ranges from 0 to 1, and constants within mathematical functions. No external data or inputs are read from outside the code.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks in this code that process untrusted data or lead to data leaks or external system effects. The functions return numerical values based solely on input parameters and internal computations.",
  "flows": "Since the code only performs mathematical calculations on input 't' and constants, there are no source-to-sink data flows involving untrusted data or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be straightforward mathematical implementations of easing functions. There are no unusual code constructs, no hardcoded secrets, no dynamic code execution, or suspicious logic. No obfuscation or hidden behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a set of easing functions primarily for animation purposes, with multiple variations such as easeIn, easeOut, and easeInOut for different easing types. All functions operate on the input 't' and produce a floating-point output. No external inputs, environment variables, or network operations are present. The functions use standard mathematical formulas and constants. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, data exfiltration, or obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of mathematical easing functions intended for animations. It contains no malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It operates purely as a utility library with standard mathematical calculations. Therefore, the code is safe, with a low likelihood of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}