{
  "purpose": "The code sets up a mock server with various handlers for resource management, prompts, tools, and notifications, primarily for testing or demonstration purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads include environment variables, request parameters, resource URIs, and user-provided arguments; also reads the process environment and request parameters in handlers.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include server notifications, responses to requests, environment variable dumps, progress updates, and image data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from request inputs and internal resource data to server responses, notifications, and the environment dump; notably, the process.env is returned directly in the PrintEnv tool handler.",
  "anomalies": "Potential concern in PrintEnvSchema handler returning all environment variables directly, which could leak sensitive info if used improperly; no hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. The MCP_TINY_IMAGE is a large base64 string embedded in code, which appears as static data; no malicious intent evident. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive mock server implementation with multiple request handlers for resource listing, reading, subscription management, prompt handling, tool invocation, and completion. It employs standard schemas and validation with Zod, and simulates various functionalities such as long-running operations and sampling. The environment variables are exposed directly via PrintEnv, which could leak secrets but is consistent with debugging purposes. The embedded base64 image data is static and appears benign. No suspicious network activity, dynamic code execution, or data exfiltration is present. The overall structure is typical of a test or demo server, with no malicious behavior identified.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a benign mock server setup for testing and demonstration, with a potential security concern if environment variables are exposed in production. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or malware. The static image data is harmless. Overall, the code is straightforward and does not exhibit malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}