{
  "purpose": "The code sets up a mock server with various endpoints for resource management, prompts, tools, and notifications, primarily for testing or demonstration purposes.",
  "sources": "Data sources include environment variables (process.env), hardcoded resource data, and client requests for resources, prompts, subscriptions, and tool invocations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve server.request, server.notification, and responses that could process untrusted input, especially from request parameters and client-provided arguments.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data flows from request parameters (e.g., resource URIs, prompt names, arguments) through validation and into responses or server requests, notably in resource reading, prompt generation, and tool execution. For example, resource URIs are parsed from request params; prompt arguments are filtered; and user input influences output text.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation or malicious code patterns detected. The server includes logic for simulated resource listing, sampling, and notifications but no suspicious behavior such as network exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The MCP_TINY_IMAGE is embedded as a base64 string, used as static content, not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a server with multiple request handlers for resource management, prompts, tool execution, and control commands. It handles subscriptions with periodic notifications, logs random messages based on log level, and processes various tool requests including echo, addition, long-running operations, environment dump, LLM sampling, image retrieval, and message annotation. Input validation is performed with schemas, and outputs are constructed with fixed or dynamically generated content. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or backdoor code. The only potential concern is the use of process.env in PrintEnvSchema responses, which could leak environment variables if misused, but here it simply outputs current environment variables. No network connections outside the server context are made, and no code injection or remote code execution appears to be possible within this code. The static resource data and image are used for demonstration. Overall, the code appears intended for testing or demo purposes without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code implements a mock server with various test endpoints, resource management, and tool handling. No malicious behavior or malware signals are present. It adheres to expected patterns for such a testing environment, with no evidence of sabotage, exfiltration, or backdoors. The environment variable exposure is a standard debugging feature, not an exploit. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}