{
  "purpose": "This code sets up a mock server with various request handlers for resource management, prompts, tools, and notifications, primarily for testing or demonstration purposes.",
  "sources": "Imports from external packages (@modelcontextprotocol/sdk, zod, zod-to-json-schema), internal variable definitions, environment variables (process.env), and input parameters in request handlers.",
  "sinks": "Server requests, notifications, resource content responses, request sampling, and console/log outputs. Potentially sensitive data could be exposed via process.env in printEnv tool or logs.",
  "flows": "Input parameters from client requests flow through validation schemas, then into handlers which may access resources, environment variables, or generate responses. Data from server notifications and sampling requests flow back to client. Resource data (e.g., MCP_TINY_IMAGE) is embedded in responses.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of hardcoded resource data (MCP_TINY_IMAGE), simulated environment variable printing (PrintEnvSchema), and verbose logging with scheduled intervals. Use of setInterval for logs and notifications may be unusual but not malicious by itself. No clear backdoor or credential leaks identified. However, extensive resource and notification handling could be exploited if misused.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a comprehensive mock server with multiple request handlers, managing resources, prompts, tools, and notifications. It schedules periodic resource updates and log messages, demonstrating typical server behavior. Resource data includes a base64-encoded tiny image, and environment variables are exposed via the printEnv tool. Sampling requests and notification mechanisms are used for interaction with clients. No hardcoded credentials or malicious payloads are evident. The code uses input validation schemas and handles different content types. The only notable concern is the exposure of environment variables and the scheduling of resource and log notifications, which could be misused in a different context, but there are no explicit malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a controlled, test or demo server implementation with no clear malicious intent. It employs scheduled notifications, resource handling, and environment variable exposure in a benign context. No malware or sabotage mechanisms are detected, though the exposure of environment variables and periodic notifications could be exploited if combined with other malicious components. Overall, low suspicion of malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}