{
  "purpose": "The code implements a mock server that provides resource management, prompts, tools, and interaction handlers for testing or demonstration purposes within an MCP environment.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from request parameters, environment variables (process.env), and predefined schemas. Reads from request params, request bodies, and environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Outputs notifications, server requests, and responses; potentially exposes environment variables in logs; handles resource data, including base64 content. Sends notifications and progress updates.",
  "flows": "Input schemas (e.g., request params and arguments) flow into handler logic. Handlers process inputs, perform operations like resource access, sampling, or long operations, and then output responses or notifications.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious hardcoded secrets. Use of setInterval for periodic notifications and logs is typical for a demo but could be abused if misused; however, no malicious payloads or suspicious network activity detected. The MCP_TINY_IMAGE is a static base64 image; no dynamic image generation involved.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a mock MCP server with various request handlers for resource listing, resource reading, prompt handling, tool invocation, and subscription management. It uses schemas for validation, performs resource pagination, and simulates long-running tasks with progress notifications. Logging and message notifications are scheduled periodically but contain no malicious content. The use of environment variable logging is for debugging purposes. The static image data and resource list are benign. No signs of data exfiltration, code injection, or malicious network activity are observed. All operations are consistent with a controlled test/demo environment.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, benign mock server implementation designed for testing MCP interactions. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. Periodic notifications and logs are typical for such a server. Overall, the code presents low security risk with no malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}