{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom post-processing pass for the three.js library to perform selective bloom effects in WebGL rendering.",
  "sources": "Reads input textures from readBuffer and scene/camera parameters; accesses global libraries and shaders (LuminosityHighPassShader, CopyShader).",
  "sinks": "Uses render targets and shaders to process and output images; applies blending and compositing of bloom effects within WebGL rendering pipeline.",
  "flows": "Reads scene and texture data, applies high-pass filter, performs separable blurs, combines textures via custom shaders, and outputs the processed texture or renders directly to screen.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are detected. The shader code appears standard for bloom effects. No hidden network activity or malicious file operations are present. The code mainly manages rendering pipeline and shader uniforms.",
  "analysis": "The code is a class definition for a custom post-processing effect (Unreal Bloom) in three.js, utilizing shaders, render targets, and scene traversal to apply bloom selectively. The logic involves setting up multiple render targets, applying high-pass filtering, blurring, and compositing, which are typical for bloom effects. No code indicates network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification. All external dependencies (three.js, shaders) are standard for rendering effects. The use of shader uniforms, scene traversal, and render target management is consistent with legitimate visual effects implementation. There are no obfuscation techniques or suspicious code constructs; the shader code is transparent and typical for such effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of a custom selective bloom effect for three.js, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It safely manages rendering effects and shader operations, adhering to standard practices. No malicious intent or security risks are detected based on this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}