{
  "purpose": "This code implements a custom post-processing pass for rendering bloom effects using Three.js, specifically the 'SelectiveUnrealBloomPass' class which applies a bloom effect with options for selective rendering based on layers.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input textures such as 'readBuffer.texture' and scene renderings during the 'render' method, notably in 'this.highPassUniforms['tDiffuse'].value' and other shader uniforms. It also reads configuration parameters like 'resolution', 'threshold', and 'scene'.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can flow into shader uniforms and textures, affecting rendering output. However, there are no direct network or system data leaks, file manipulations, or suspicious code flows. The primary sink is the rendering pipeline which could be manipulated via shader uniforms or scene traversal.",
  "flows": "Input textures ('readBuffer.texture' or scene renderings) flow into shader uniforms for high-pass filtering and blurring. These are processed through multiple shader passes (high-pass, separable blur) and then composited into the final image, which is output either to the screen or a render target. Scene traversal affects object materials if 'darkenNonBloom' is invoked.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code uses standard shaders and Three.js components. The only potential concern is the 'darkenNonBloom' method, which swaps object materials to a 'dark_material' (black) for non-bloom objects during post-processing, but this is a typical rendering technique and not malicious. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic behavior is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom post-processing class for bloom effects with a layered, configurable approach. It uses well-known shaders and techniques, with no suspicious network activity or system access. The traversal and material swapping are standard for bloom effects. The code appears focused on visual effects without malicious intent. No hidden code, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks are evident. Its functions are consistent with rendering enhancement, not malicious actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of a bloom post-processing pass for Three.js with configurable options. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. Its purpose is to improve visual effects; no security risks or malware are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}