{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Redux higher-order reducer 'undoable' that manages undo/redo history for state changes, providing functions to insert, undo, redo, and jump through state history.",
  "sources": "Reads include function parameters (history, state, action, index), configuration options (rawConfig), and imported modules ('./debug', './actions', './helpers'). No user input or external data sources are directly accessed in this code.",
  "sinks": "Data flows are internal within the reducer functions, manipulating state objects. There are no external network, file, or system calls. The code only modifies JavaScript objects and arrays based on actions.",
  "flows": "Source data (history, actions) flow through functions like insert, undo, redo, jumpToPast, jumpToFuture, and the main 'undoable' reducer. These functions produce new state objects based on action types and parameters. No external data leaks or malicious data manipulation are present.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. The code contains standard utility functions for state management, with no obfuscated code or dynamic execution. No suspicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of an undo/redo history mechanism for Redux, utilizing common JavaScript patterns. It includes functions to insert states into history, navigate backward and forward, and jump to specific points. The configuration options allow customization of action types and limits. The import statements and usage of standard libraries do not introduce any malicious behavior. No network or system access functions are used, and there are no indicators of data exfiltration or covert channels.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard Redux undo/redo history manager without malicious intent. It operates solely on internal state and configuration data. No signs of malware or security risks are present, and the code appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}