{
  "purpose": "This script connects to a PostgreSQL database associated with a Heroku app and executes a complex recursive query to generate a Mandelbrot set visualization output.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the Heroku app configuration and the database connection details. The SQL query itself reads no external or user-supplied input directly; it is hardcoded.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the execution of the SQL query via pg.psql.exec, which sends the query to the database server. The output of the query is written to stdout.",
  "flows": "Data flows from Heroku app context and database configuration into the SQL execution command, with the generated data being outputted directly to stdout.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are visible; the SQL query is static and solely generates Mandelbrot set data. No unusual or suspicious code patterns such as obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or network connections are present. The use of co for generator-based asynchronous control flow is standard. No data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes dependencies and defines a generator function 'run' that fetches database info and runs a complex recursive SQL query to generate Mandelbrot set data. The query appears to be purely computational, with no user input or external data feeding into it. The output is directed to stdout, which is typical for CLI tools. The module exports a command for a Heroku CLI plugin, with no signs of malicious intent, obfuscation, or suspicious network activity. The code structure and query are straightforward and intended for visualization or analysis purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign implementation of a Mandelbrot set generator that executes a predefined SQL query on a Heroku PostgreSQL database. There are no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks. The script appears to serve a legitimate purpose without compromising system security.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}