{
  "purpose": "The code implements a JavaScript library for distance-preserving encryption, vector encryption, key management, and vector database adapters, primarily for secure vector similarity search and encrypted metadata handling.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user-provided plaintext vectors, cryptographic keys, encrypted vectors, and metadata buffers. Data is read during encryption/decryption processes, key retrieval from providers, and configuration validation.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows include cryptographic key material, encrypted vectors, metadata, and plaintext strings. Potential leaks could occur if keys or plaintext are improperly exposed or logged, but no direct network sinks or system data exfiltration are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from inputs (plaintext vectors, keys) through cryptographic functions (encrypt/decrypt), with key retrieval from providers, and includes internal steps like shuffling, hashing, and deterministic encryption. No suspicious or unusual flow from untrusted sources to sinks is detected; the flow adheres to cryptographic standards.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious behavior are observed. Code uses standard cryptographic functions, key derivation, and randomness sources. No evidence of code injection, suspicious network connections, or system manipulation. No obfuscation or minified code is present. Usage of crypto.randomBytes and standard hashing functions appears legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a well-structured implementation of secure vector encryption, key management, deterministic encryption, and vector database abstractions. It uses cryptographically secure randomness, HMAC, HKDF, and standard crypto modules. No suspicious data leaks, network calls, or malicious behavior such as system sabotage, data exfiltration, or reverse shells are evident. The code focuses on cryptographic security, key handling, and vector operations, all consistent with security best practices. The presence of verbose error handling, type checks, and separation of concerns further indicates legitimate intent. Overall, the code aligns with secure cryptographic standards and does not show signs of malicious sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of a JavaScript encryption library with key management, vector encryption, deterministic encryption, and vector database interface abstraction. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are identified beyond standard cryptographic operations. The functions and classes perform expected security-sensitive tasks without evident backdoors or malicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}