{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JavaScript library for distance-preserving vector encryption, key management, cryptographic operations, and vector database interface abstraction, primarily for secure data processing and encrypted similarity search.",
  "sources": "User inputs: plaintext strings, vectors, metadata, and configuration objects. Data flows through cryptographic functions, encryption/decryption routines, key derivation, and vector shuffling.",
  "sinks": "Cryptographic functions (crypto.createHmac, createCipheriv, createDecipheriv), network requests (potentially via external request classes, although none are directly observed here), and data outputs such as encrypted vectors, text, and metadata.",
  "flows": "Input data (plaintext, vectors, keys) flows into cryptographic functions (HMAC, cipher), then into encryption routines, and outputs encrypted data. For vector encryption, noise vectors are generated, and shuffling is performed with deterministic RNGs seeded by keys. Metadata is encoded/decoded for vector metadata handling.",
  "anomalies": "No explicit hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network connections are present. Usage of crypto.randomBytes for cryptographically secure randomness is appropriate. Functions include cryptographic operations, key derivations, deterministic shuffling, and encryption routines. No obfuscated or misleading code features are detected. Exception classes are standard and do not include malicious behavior. No suspicious data leaks or privacy violations are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is comprehensive and adheres to secure cryptographic practices, using crypto module functions securely for randomness, HMAC, and encryption. Key derivation via HKDF is standard, and vector noise generation utilizes cryptographically secure randomness. Deterministic encryption for metadata uses HKDF and HMAC to produce consistent results. The shuffling functions use a deterministic RNG seeded by the key, which is an established method for reproducible shuffles without external network calls. The exception classes, key management classes, and vector encryption routines are all standard and do not exhibit malicious intent. No code injection, data leakage, or backdoor patterns are observed. Overall, the code performs expected cryptographic operations aligned with privacy-preserving algorithms, with no signs of malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a secure and well-structured implementation of cryptographic and vector encryption functions, key management, and vector database interface abstraction. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage, and its cryptographic practices appear sound. The malware score is low, and security risks are minimal, primarily relying on standard cryptographic libraries and secure random number generation. Confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}