{
  "purpose": "This code provides various custom geometries and arrow-drawing tools for maptalks, including specialized arrow shapes, sectors, and interpolated curves, to be used for map visualization purposes.",
  "sources": "Data inputs primarily come from user interactions such as click, mousemove, and dblclick events; coordinate arrays for geometry creation; and map projection/unprojection functions. No external or untrusted data sources are explicitly read within this module.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include methods that process coordinate data and generate drawing paths, but they operate on sanitized coordinate arrays and map projections. No direct data leak, network communication, or unsafe code execution appears present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from user interaction events or method calls into coordinate processing functions, then into shape and arrow rendering functions, which produce visual representations on the canvas. No untrusted data is used in a way that leads to external systems or data leaks.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for a geometry and drawing library with custom shape generation. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The presence of many geometry utility functions and JSON serialization methods are typical. No obfuscation, malicious network calls, or privacy-violating behavior identified.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured around geometric shape definitions and drawing tools for map visualizations, with clear separation of concerns. It includes classes for different arrow shapes, sectors, and interpolated curves, all with methods for serialization/deserialization and map interactions. No signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, network communication, or code injection. The code relies on map projection methods and standard mathematical computations for shape creation, with no dynamic code execution or obfuscated segments. Overall, it functions as a specialized visualization library with no evidence of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a standard, well-structured map visualization library focusing on custom geometric shapes and arrow annotations. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks based on the provided code. It is safe to use, with a high confidence score.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}