{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React functional component 'BlurView' intended to render a blurred background effect using CSS styles, primarily for React Native or web applications.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from component props: 'blurNode', 'radius', 'style', 'className', 'children', and any other remaining props via 'others'. No external data sources are explicitly read within this code.",
  "sinks": "Applies inline styles and dynamically injects CSS into a <style> tag; the CSS uses the 'radius' prop for the blur amount, which could potentially be manipulated if uncontrolled.",
  "flows": "Props are used to generate style objects and CSS styles, which are then injected into the DOM. The 'radius' prop flows into CSS rules for backdrop-filter.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically generates CSS with user-controlled 'radius' value, which could lead to injection if 'radius' is improperly sanitized, but as it is a number, risk is minimal. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behavior detected. No external network connections or data exfiltration present.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a React component that renders a div with a background blur effect. It uses 'useMemo' to optimize style processing. The 'radius' parameter is used directly in CSS for blur effect. The CSS is injected via a <style> tag with a class name. No external network requests or system modifications are present. The dynamic CSS generation uses a number for 'radius', reducing injection risk. The component does not read or write system files, nor does it execute code that could be malicious. No suspicious code patterns, obfuscated code, or malicious behaviors are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React component implementing a blur overlay with dynamic styles. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The use of 'radius' in CSS is controlled and safe. Overall, the code is benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}