{
  "purpose": "Dynamically loads external JavaScript and CSS resources based on URL parameters and script locations, likely for map-related functionality.",
  "sources": "URL parameters (window.location.href), script tags in the document (getSrcUrl function), hardcoded CDN URLs, local script array.",
  "sinks": "document.writeln commands that inject script and link tags into the DOM, external CDN resources, dynamically constructed URLs.",
  "flows": "URL parameters -> version selection -> URL concatenation -> document.writeln inserts for styles and scripts -> getSrcUrl determines base path for local scripts -> local scripts injected into DOM.",
  "anomalies": "Use of document.writeln for dynamic script injection (less common, can be risky if data is manipulated), URL parameter influences version number, dynamic base URL computation from script tags. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious backdoors found. The URL parameters can influence the version, but not maliciously unless malicious version injection occurs.",
  "analysis": "The script begins by defining local scripts and a function to determine the script's source URL based on existing script tags in the document. It extracts URL parameters to adjust the 'leaflet' version dynamically. The code then injects stylesheet and script tags into the document via document.writeln, including external resources from a CDN, with URLs influenced by user-supplied parameters. It also appends local scripts using a base path determined at runtime. There are no indications of data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The use of document.writeln for resource injection is unconventional but not inherently malicious. The code dynamically constructs URLs, which could be exploited if parameters are manipulated to load malicious versions, but in the absence of such evidence, this is not confirmed. Overall, the code appears to serve legitimate purposes related to loading map-related resources.",
  "conclusion": "The code dynamically loads external map resources and local scripts, with URL parameters influencing versions and paths. There are no signs of malicious intent or harmful behavior; the use of dynamic URL construction and document.writeln warrants caution but is not inherently malicious. Overall, it appears to be a standard dynamic resource loader with minimal security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}