{
  "purpose": "Dynamically loads CSS and JavaScript resources related to Leaflet maps and associated plugins based on URL parameters and script locations.",
  "sources": "URL parameters (window.location.href), script tags in the document (getSrcUrl function), hardcoded CDN URLs, and local script array.",
  "sinks": "Inserts <link> and <script> tags into the document via document.writeln, which load external resources based on dynamic parameters.",
  "flows": "URL parameters -> determine 'version' -> generate CDN URLs -> load resources; Script tags in the document -> getSrcUrl() -> compute path -> load local scripts.",
  "anomalies": "Uses document.writeln during script execution, which is unconventional and potentially risky if the input is manipulated; URL parameter 'leaflet' controls the version, potentially leading to loading unintended CDN resources if parameters are manipulated.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a list of local scripts and defines a function getSrcUrl to determine the base path for local scripts based on current script tags. It reads URL parameters to set the Leaflet version dynamically, defaulting to '0.7.2'. It then writes link and script tags to load Leaflet CSS and JS from a CDN, with version control via URL parameter. It also loads local scripts from a computed path. No direct user input is used to generate resource URLs other than the version parameter, which is limited to a controlled value (default or URL-specified). The use of document.writeln is unusual but not inherently malicious. No suspicious external connections, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads are present. The code dynamically loads resources based on controlled inputs, primarily for versioning and local scripts, without evident malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script dynamically loads map-related resources based on URL parameters and script locations, without any signs of malicious behavior or malware. Its behavior is typical for dynamic resource loading, with minimal risk. However, reliance on URL parameters for versioning could potentially be exploited to load malicious resources if CDN URLs are compromised, but this is a low risk assuming CDN integrity. Overall, the code appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}