{
  "purpose": "The code implements a 3D hover effect with animated transitions using three.js and GSAP libraries, involving rendering textures, videos, and shaders for visual effects.",
  "sources": "Input data is primarily from DOM elements (parent container), image URLs, and optional video sources provided via function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe actions include loading external images/videos, WebGL rendering, and manipulating DOM events for hover interactions. No direct data leaks are observed, but resource loading could be misused if URLs are malicious.",
  "flows": "Input sources (DOM elements, image/video URLs) are loaded via TextureLoader and VideoTexture. Shader uniforms are set based on loaded resources. User interactions trigger GSAP animations that modify shader uniform 'dispFactor', affecting visual output.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or unusual language features. The code contains console logs and extensive rendering setup, but no hidden or suspicious logic. Use of external URL for textures could be suspicious if URLs are malicious, but this is standard practice for dynamic textures.",
  "analysis": "The code loads external images and videos for visual effects, uses WebGL shaders for displacement effects, and adds event listeners for hover animations. The resource URLs are provided via function parameters, which could be malicious if supplied with malicious URLs, but this is user-controlled data. The shader code and rendering logic appear standard for visual effects. No evidence of code injection, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. The code does not perform any network communications beyond resource loading, nor does it execute code dynamically or handle sensitive data. Overall, behavior appears consistent with a visual hover effect module; no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code implements a visual hover effect using three.js and GSAP with dynamic textures and shaders. It loads external images/videos and sets up WebGL rendering accordingly. No malicious behaviors such as data theft, backdoors, or system disruption are evident. The main risk lies in the external URLs being malicious if provided malicious input, but this is typical for dynamic resource loading and not inherently malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}