{
  "purpose": "This code initializes a web-based video application with beauty effects and integrates real-time communication (RTC) features through BRTC SDK. It manages media streams, applies filters, and handles peer connections.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user media streams (getUserMedia), URL query parameters (window.location.search), and user interactions via button clicks and sliders.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve network communication via BRTC_Start (sending stream and configuration data), console logging, DOM manipulations (creating/removing video elements), and local media stream handling.",
  "flows": "User media is fetched via getUserMedia, processed with beauty effects, then streamed through BRTC_Start which transmits streams to remote peers. URL parameters influence server and room configuration, while user interactions can restart streams or toggle beauty effects.",
  "anomalies": "Code contains no obvious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation. The only notable aspect is the use of a static token ('notoken') and dynamic user IDs, which could be exploited if not properly secured. No data is sent outside the application beyond the BRTC SDK's standard signaling. The code appears standard for RTC applications with beauty filters.",
  "analysis": "The script securely requests user media with specific constraints, applies beauty effect options, and manages stream lifecycle with proper cleanup. URL parameters are used for configuration, with defaults applied if missing. BRTC SDK functions are called with parameters, including a static token which could be a concern if not replaced in production. Remote video handling dynamically creates and removes DOM elements. No suspicious network connections or data exfiltration methods are present. Overall, the code appears intended for legitimate video conferencing with beauty effects, and no malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a web-based video conferencing tool with beauty effects, employing standard APIs and SDKs. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks. The primary security consideration is ensuring that the static token and user IDs are secured or dynamically generated in production environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}