{
  "purpose": "The code initializes a web-based beauty video effect application integrated with a real-time communication (RTC) system, allowing users to enable/disable beauty effects, capture video streams, and connect to a BRTC server for streaming and remote video management.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include URL query parameters (appid, roomname, display, etc.), user media stream obtained via navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia(), and user interactions via button clicks and onchange events for beauty effect controls.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the window.BRTC_Start function (which initiates a WebSocket connection to the RTC server), streaming stream object, and console logs. The RTC connection could be exploited if malicious data influences parameters or if malicious code is injected into the stream or server communication.",
  "flows": "Flow begins with obtaining user media (local camera), applies beauty effects, and then passes the stream to BRTC_Start for streaming. URL parameters influence configuration. User interactions can restart or disable effects. The stream data flows from user media input through beauty effect processing to the RTC server connection.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets other than the token string ('notoken') and userID generation with random numbers, which is standard. The code dynamically creates DOM elements for remote video streams without sanitization, but this is typical in RTC apps. No suspicious obfuscated code, backdoors, or hidden behaviors are detected. The token value ('notoken') is a placeholder and does not appear malicious. The URL parameters can be manipulated but are handled securely within the flow.",
  "analysis": "The code correctly manages media streams and integrates with BRTC SDK functions. It applies beauty effects with user controls and manages remote video streams. URL parameters are used for configuration but are not exploited maliciously. The RTC connection parameters include a placeholder token and dynamically generated user ID, which are standard practices. There are no signs of data exfiltration, malicious code injection, or backdoors. The only potential concern is reliance on URL parameters for configuration, but this is typical for such apps. Overall, no malicious or sabotage code is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a beauty filter application combined with RTC streaming functionality. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It appropriately manages streams and user input with no suspicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}