{
  "purpose": "This code implements interactive measurement tools (distance, area, and coordinate) on a Leaflet map, allowing users to measure geographical data through mouse interactions.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from user interactions such as mouse clicks, mouse movements, and context menu events on the map. It processes geographical points to create polygons, lines, and markers.",
  "sinks": "The code creates and adds map elements (markers, lines, polygons) based on user input; however, it does not send or store data externally. No data leakage or external network communication is evident.",
  "flows": "User interaction events (click, mousemove, contextmenu) are captured as sources. These data points are used to generate map overlays. The flow ends at rendering overlays on the map, with no external data transmission.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes standard measurement logic with no signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious behavior. There is no obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic execution, or suspicious variable naming. Tip content is static and locally managed. No network requests or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes measurement functionalities with event handlers for user interactions on a Leaflet map. It creates visual overlays for distance, area, and coordinate display without external data transmission. The code is well-structured, uses open-source libraries (@turf/turf and Leaflet), and manages map overlays responsibly. No suspicious patterns, obfuscation, or malicious behaviors are detected. The purpose appears to be standard map measurement features with local rendering only.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical implementation of measurement tools for a mapping application. There are no signs of malicious intent, data leakage, or security risks. The code is clean, with no suspicious behaviors or malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}