{
  "purpose": "Provides interactive measurement tools (distance, area, coordinate) on a Leaflet map, allowing users to draw geometries and view results.",
  "sources": "User interactions via map clicks, mouse movements, and context menu events; reads map container DOM elements; uses turf library for geographic calculations.",
  "sinks": "Adds markers, polylines, polygons, and tooltip elements to the map; potentially exposes data via map overlays; modifies DOM styles for cursor and tooltips.",
  "flows": "User input (click/mousemove) triggers event handlers that create and update map layers; these handlers compute measurements, generate overlays, and display results; event handlers also modify DOM styles for tips and cursor.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network calls observed. Code uses standard Leaflet and turf.js functionalities. No suspicious DOM manipulations or external communications. All dynamic content appears related to map interactions and measurements.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard measurement functionalities using Leaflet and turf.js. Event handlers capture user interactions, create visual overlays, and display measurement results. It manages event listeners carefully, removing them after measurement completes. No obfuscated code or suspicious network activities are present. The use of turf for calculations is standard; the creation of map overlays and tooltips is typical for map measurement tools. No hardcoded secrets, malicious DOM manipulations, or data exfiltration mechanisms are detected. Overall, the implementation is consistent with legitimate map measurement features and does not contain malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate map measurement utility with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs expected tasks securely, with no hidden or malicious actions identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}