{
  "purpose": "This code transforms TypeScript class declarations into separate factory and interface representations, likely for code generation or type declaration purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads class declaration nodes, their members, and comments from the AST. It also reads class names and options passed to the main function.",
  "sinks": "The code creates new AST nodes for variable statements, interface declarations, property signatures, method signatures, and function declarations, which are output for further compilation or transpilation.",
  "flows": "Source: Class declaration nodes and their members -> Transformation functions create variable statements, interfaces, and signatures -> Output AST nodes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls. The code dynamically creates TypeScript AST nodes without executing external code or data. No use of eval, dynamic imports, or network calls. Commented-out code appears benign. The only unusual aspect is the creation of multiple AST nodes, but this is consistent with code transformation patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code performs static AST transformations on TypeScript class declarations, splitting them into variable statements and interface declarations. It filters class members by static, private, and constructor modifiers, converting them into signatures for declaration purposes. There are no signs of code injection, malicious logic, or data leaks. No external data sources, network activity, or sensitive operations are present. The code relies solely on static AST manipulation, which is common in code transformation tools. The creation of synthetic comments and AST nodes aligns with standard practices in code generation. Overall, the code appears to serve a benign purpose related to TypeScript declaration file generation or similar tooling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a static TypeScript AST transformer for class declarations, converting classes into variable and interface declarations. There are no signs of malicious behavior, external data handling, or security risks. It appears to be a standard code generation utility without malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}