{
  "purpose": "A utility class providing various methods for generating random values, arrays, and objects for use in simulations, testing, or procedural content.",
  "sources": "User-provided data inputs are not explicitly read; the code primarily generates random data internally. The only external input is the 'text' parameter in textLines() method.",
  "sinks": "Random data generation functions, with no direct data leaks or external system interactions. No external network calls or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Methods generate random data based on internal Math.random() calls; no data flows from external sources to sinks that could lead to security issues.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns. The code is straightforward and does not contain obfuscated or malicious constructs. The comments are benign. All functions serve to generate randomness. No dynamic code execution, network operations, or environment variable usage observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Random class with static methods for generating various random data types. The methods utilize Math.random() for randomness, and do not interact with external data sources or system resources. The additional functions extend the class with more complex random data generation, such as deep arrays, sequences, and shuffled sets. The code appears well-structured, with no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or malicious behavior. The only external input is in the textLines() method, which processes supplied text, but this is benign. There are no signs of backdoors, data exfiltration, network calls, or dangerous code patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility for generating random data and does not exhibit any malicious behavior or security risks. It lacks external system interactions, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious code patterns. Overall, it is safe from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}