{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define and export functions related to SVG path manipulation, morphing, and animation, likely for use in graphical or animation libraries or applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input elements such as SVG path strings and attribute values, notably in functions that process 'd' attributes, path strings, and element attributes for morphing and animation.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe operations include setting the 'd' attribute of SVG elements during animation and morphing, which could be manipulated if untrusted data is provided, but this is typical for SVG animation libraries.",
  "flows": "Untrusted SVG path strings or attribute values are processed through functions that compute morphing paths, then used to update SVG element 'd' attributes during animations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments are evident. The code includes complex mathematical functions and path processing routines typical for SVG morphing. The minified style and lack of obfuscated code suggest normal library code, not malware. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration is present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of SVG path parsing, calculation, and animation functions. It includes standard path commands processing, length calculations, and morphing algorithms. No code injects external scripts, connects to remote domains, or performs unauthorized system operations. The functions utilize typical mathematical and DOM operations for SVG manipulation. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets or hidden backdoors are visible. The code structure indicates a typical SVG manipulation library or component.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard SVG path morphing and animation utility, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It processes input SVG paths and updates the DOM accordingly for visual effects. There is no evidence of malware or security risks within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}