{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for DOM manipulation, event handling, and style management in a web environment, aimed at simplifying common frontend tasks.",
  "sources": "Inputs are received via function parameters such as 'prop', 'el', 'option', 'selector', and 'parent'. Event names and style options are derived from object keys, and DOM elements are accessed through document queries or element references.",
  "sinks": "DOM element properties, event listeners, dataset attributes, and style properties are set or manipulated. Data flows from input parameters to DOM attributes or styles, and event callbacks are attached.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function arguments ('option' objects, event handlers, style objects) to DOM properties, event registration, or dataset attributes. No untrusted input flows directly into system-critical functions like network or file access.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code structure is standard for DOM utilities. The regex for event names is broad but not malicious. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution present.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises utility functions for creating and styling DOM elements, handling events, and manipulating element attributes. It performs typical frontend tasks without any network operations, file access, or system calls. The regex for event names correctly identifies event handler properties, and the functions safely handle DOM manipulations. No evidence of malicious payloads, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms is found. The code appears clean, modular, and standard for its purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of DOM utility functions with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It does not perform any network requests, access sensitive data, or include hidden behaviors. It is safe for use, with low malware and security risk scores.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}