{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Watermark class that overlays text watermarks onto HTML elements by drawing on a canvas and setting it as a background image.",
  "sources": "Input data includes element references or selectors, options object for watermark customization, and possibly external DOM mutations observed via MutationObserver.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the setting of element.style.background to a data URL generated from the canvas drawing.",
  "flows": "Source: User-provided element or selector and options -> Methods initialize and draw watermark on a canvas -> The canvas data URL is assigned to element.style.background as a URL string.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a MutationObserver that monitors style attribute changes and re-applies the watermark background if it detects modifications. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are evident. The code primarily manipulates DOM styles and canvas drawing. The obfuscated or minified code appears to be standard webpack bundle structure with no malicious indicators.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a watermark overlay for HTML elements. It initializes with configurable options, calculates size and rotation, draws on a canvas, and sets the resulting image as the element's background. A MutationObserver ensures the watermark persists by re-applying if style attributes change. There are no signs of malicious network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The use of data URLs for backgrounds is typical. No obfuscated or malicious logic is present. Overall, the code performs a benign, user interface enhancement function.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate watermarking utility with no apparent malicious behavior or sabotage. It uses standard techniques for DOM manipulation, canvas drawing, and mutation observation without suspicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}