{
  "purpose": "This code adds sorting functionality to a table with class 'coverage-summary' on a webpage, allowing users to sort table columns dynamically.",
  "sources": "The code reads DOM elements such as the table, table headers ('th'), and table rows ('tr'), primarily through querySelector and querySelectorAll. It also reads data attributes ('data-col', 'data-nosort', 'data-type', 'data-value') from DOM elements.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates DOM elements by adding innerHTML, className, and event listeners. It modifies table rows by removing and appending DOM nodes during sorting. It does not directly send data externally or execute untrusted code.",
  "flows": "User interactions (click events) trigger sorting functions that read data attributes and DOM elements (sources), then reorder DOM nodes (sink). No external network or system modifications occur; flow is confined within DOM manipulations.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs standard table sorting; no unusual or suspicious code structures, hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The event listener attachment is standard, with fallback for older browsers. No dynamic code execution or network activity detected.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes on window load, identifies the table and its columns, and enhances the headers with sortable indicators. It loads data attributes from each row, enabling sorting based on column types (string or number). Sorting is achieved by detaching and reattaching rows in order. Event listeners facilitate toggling sort directions. All operations are DOM manipulations without external side-effects or data leaks. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of client-side table sorting. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It is safe and functional, primarily enhancing UI interactions without external dependencies or data transmission.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}