{
  "purpose": "The script implements an interactive command-line calculator with macro support, allowing users to define, list, and execute mathematical operations, macros, and commands.",
  "sources": "User input via inquirer prompt; command-line arguments for help, debug, and macro files; file reading for macro definitions",
  "sinks": "Console output for errors, info, macro listings, and calculation results; file reading operations for macro JSON files",
  "flows": "User inputs are processed as commands or calculations, potentially involving macro expansions; macro files are read and parsed to extend macro definitions",
  "anomalies": "Code performs dynamic macro addition from external JSON files, but does not appear to read or write sensitive data; no hardcoded credentials or suspicious network calls; use of eval-like pattern in macro processing is indirect, but controlled",
  "analysis": "The code begins with command-line argument parsing to provide help, debugging, and macro file loading capabilities. It uses inquirer for user input, which is safe. Macros can be loaded from JSON files, and the code validates macro names to prevent starting with '!', ':', or being numeric. Macro definitions are stored and used to extend calculator functionality. The main loop prompts for input, processes commands (exit, debug, macros listing), macro definitions, or calculations. There are no network calls, no code injection, or data exfiltration observed. Macro addition from external files could be misused if malicious macros are provided, but the process itself is controlled and limited to string-based macro definitions. The code does not perform unsafe operations like executing untrusted code directly. Overall, the script functions as a calculator with macro support, with no evidence of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a command-line calculator with macro capabilities, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It handles user input safely, validates macro definitions, and only reads macro files. There are no network connections, data leaks, or harmful system modifications observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}