{
  "purpose": "This script is an interactive command-line calculator and macro processor that allows users to input equations, define macros, and execute mathematical operations with a stack-based approach.",
  "sources": "Reads user input from the command line via inquirer.prompt, reads macro definitions from JSON files specified by command-line arguments, and accesses the filesystem to load macro files.",
  "sinks": "Processes input data through evaluation functions, outputs results or errors to the console. No explicit sinks for untrusted data beyond logging and evaluation functions.",
  "flows": "User input flows from inquirer.prompt to parsing logic; macro files flow from filesystem read to JSON parsing; macro definitions update internal macro storage; user commands and equations flow through the evaluation pipeline for processing and output.",
  "anomalies": "The code allows dynamic macro definitions starting with '!', which are stored and later used in evaluations. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are evident. The code includes comprehensive command handling and macro parsing. No obfuscated code or suspicious network activity is present.",
  "analysis": "The script performs command-line input processing, macro management, and equation evaluation in a controlled manner. It reads macro definitions from external JSON files with proper file handling. Input commands like ':exit', ':debug', and ':macros' are handled explicitly. Macro definitions are stored securely in memory. The code uses standard node modules and internal evaluation functions. No evidence of malicious behavior such as network transmission, system modification, or hidden backdoors is present. All operations seem aligned with the intended calculator functionality. The structure and flow of data do not exhibit anomalies or malicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign command-line calculator and macro processor with no indications of malicious intent or malware. It handles user input and macro management securely within its scope. No suspicious or malicious behavior is detected based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}