{
  "purpose": "This script appears to implement a command-line calculator with macro definitions, input parsing, and execution of various mathematical operations and commands.",
  "sources": "Input is read from user prompts via 'inquirer.prompt' for equations, command-line arguments for flags and macros files, and file system reads for macro JSON files.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if user inputs or macro definitions contain malicious content; however, no external network connections or file writes are directly present. The code mainly processes data locally.",
  "flows": "User input flows from 'inquirer.prompt' to processing logic, including macro handling and calculation execution. Macro JSON files flow from file system reads into macro definitions, then used during command execution.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no obfuscated code. Macro processing includes validation, but errors are logged; no unsafe dynamic code execution is evident. The code uses dynamic input parsing but does not execute untrusted code directly.",
  "analysis": "The code is a command-line calculator with macro support, input validation, and command handling. It includes flags for help, debug mode, and macro loading from files. Macro addition includes validation to prevent invalid macro names. No network operations, system commands, or unsafe code execution is present. Input is sanitized to an extent, and no external code is dynamically executed beyond standard function calls. Overall, it appears to be a local utility without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a calculator with macro support and command processing. No malicious behavior or malware is detected. It handles user input and file-based macro definitions securely with validation. There are no signs of malicious actions such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}