{
  "purpose": "This script implements an interactive command-line calculator with support for macros, command history, and debugging features. It processes user input to perform mathematical operations, manage macros, and handle various commands.",
  "sources": "User input via inquirer.prompt for equations and commands; command-line arguments for flags and macro files; filesystem reads for macro JSON files.",
  "sinks": "Console output for logs and errors; macro definitions are stored internally; no external network or file writes are present.",
  "flows": "User input -> command parsing -> macro expansion or evaluation -> output; macro files -> macro registration; command flags -> configuration.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors; no obfuscated code or unusual language features; macro processing logic is standard. However, the macro expansion involves evaluating string inputs as code, which can be risky if macros contain malicious code. The code reads macro definitions from external JSON files, which could be manipulated if not validated properly, but the script only reads and parses JSON, not executing arbitrary code from files.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles user input, command parsing, macro management, and evaluation. It reads macro definitions from external JSON files, storing macros internally. The macro addition process involves parsing JSON and storing string definitions. The evaluation of equations is delegated to an imported 'evaluation' module, which is not included here. There are no network connections or file writes observed. The macro expansion logic involves reading macro strings and calling an evaluation function with them, which could be exploited if macros are maliciously crafted, but within this code, only safe file reading and JSON parsing occur. The command flags and input handling are straightforward. Overall, the code does not exhibit malicious behavior or supply chain attacks but relies on external modules and macro definitions, which could be sources of risk if not validated externally.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a command-line calculator with macro support. It does not contain malicious code or malware signatures. The main security concern is the handling of macros read from external JSON files, which could contain malicious strings if misused, but the script itself does not execute code from these macros directly. No suspicious network activity or backdoors are detected. Overall, it appears safe but warrants caution regarding macro file integrity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}