{
  "purpose": "The code defines utility functions and an ESLint rule to identify asynchronous functions that return promises and are called without proper error handling (missing catch). It aims to enforce better promise handling in JavaScript code.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules ('eslint-utils'), AST nodes representing functions, call expressions, scope variables, and properties of AST nodes such as 'type', 'callee', 'object', 'property', and 'name'. It also inspects node attributes like 'body', 'declarations', 'init', 'argument', 'consequent', 'alternate'.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the 'context.report' call, which triggers a warning message when a promise-returning call lacks catch handling. The code also references scope variables and function definitions to determine flow.",
  "flows": "Source: AST nodes (call expressions, function declarations, variables). Path: The code extracts function identifiers, finds corresponding variable definitions in scope, checks if functions are async or return promises, then verifies if calls are properly handled with catch. If not, it reports a missing catch.",
  "anomalies": "No malicious anomalies are evident. The code uses standard ESLint API and utility functions. It does not perform any suspicious network operations, file manipulations, or secret access. The logic strictly enforces coding standards related to promises.",
  "analysis": "The script is a static analysis ESLint plugin aimed at improving promise error handling. It includes functions to identify various AST node types, whether functions are async, return promises, or are constructing promises. The core logic finds function definitions associated with call expressions and determines if these functions return promises that are called without proper error handling (i.e., missing 'catch'). It uses 'eslint-utils' to resolve variables in scope. There are no signs of obfuscated or malicious code; all code adheres to standard patterns for AST traversal and static analysis. The purpose is security-agnostic enforcement of coding best practices, not malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate ESLint rule plugin designed to identify promise-related issues in JavaScript code. It contains no malware or malicious behavior and serves to promote secure coding practices. No suspicious or harmful patterns are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}