{
  "purpose": "The purpose of this source code is to provide a JavaScript library or module, possibly for use in larger projects. Without specific context, it appears to be a utility or core functionality provider.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from module imports, environment variables, and possibly network requests or user inputs (if present). Key sources include require/import statements, process.env variables, and any input/output functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests (e.g., fetch, XMLHttpRequest, or node's http/https modules), file system access, eval or Function calls, and data output functions such as console.log or response sends.",
  "flows": "Data flows from sources such as environment variables or user inputs through processing functions, potentially reaching sinks like network requests or eval calls. The flow path depends on how data is used within the code, especially if untrusted data is executed or sent over the network.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, minified code, or suspicious dynamic code execution is evident. Watch for hardcoded credentials, unusual external requests, or hidden behaviors. Absence of comments and straightforward structure suggest standard code, but detailed inspection is necessary for subtle anomalies.",
  "analysis": "Initial review indicates standard JavaScript patterns typical for modules. No explicit malicious patterns such as code injection, backdoors, or data exfiltration are immediately apparent. The code's intent seems to focus on utility functions. Without specific network or file operations, the risk appears low. However, reliance on environment variables or external inputs should be checked to ensure no sensitive data is mishandled.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the provided code, there is no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The code appears to be a typical open-source utility module with no suspicious activity. Due to the lack of specific context and internal details, the confidence level is moderate.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}