{
  "purpose": "The provided code appears to be a bundled JavaScript module that primarily exports React-related functionalities, components, and utilities for creating and managing SVG arrow components and related graphical elements.",
  "sources": "Reads include require statements for 'react' and other internal modules, as well as dynamic property and method access within the React component logic.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve DOM manipulations such as creating SVG elements, setting attributes, and appending elements to document.body, which could be exploited if untrusted data is used maliciously in attribute values or innerHTML.",
  "flows": "Data flows from require statements and input properties into SVG node creation and attribute setting functions. No clear untrusted data sources (like network inputs) are explicitly present, but attribute values such as 'dangerouslySetInnerHTML' are used, which could be manipulated if inputs are untrusted.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains minified, heavily obfuscated patterns, dynamic property definitions, and complex React component logic. The use of 'dangerouslySetInnerHTML' could be a risk if fed with untrusted content. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. The code is primarily a React UI utility, with no direct network connections or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "Step-by-step analysis shows this code is a React component library focusing on SVG arrow graphics and related visual elements. It uses dynamic functions and properties, some of which manipulate DOM elements directly, like 'createElementNS', 'setAttributeNS', and appending nodes to 'document.body'. While it appears to generate SVG graphics dynamically, there are no indications of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, network requests, or backdoor functionalities. The use of 'dangerouslySetInnerHTML' warrants caution but is a common pattern in React for inserting HTML content, which could be risky if fed untrusted input. Overall, the code functions as a UI utility library with obfuscated patterns but lacks concrete malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a React-based utility module for SVG arrow components, heavily obfuscated but without evident malicious intent. It does not perform network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification. The use of 'dangerouslySetInnerHTML' is notable but standard for dynamic HTML insertion, not malicious by itself. Overall security risk is low, but caution should be applied if input data is untrusted.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}