{
  "purpose": "This code implements an OSCQuery server for handling Open Sound Control (OSC) over HTTP with mDNS service discovery, allowing clients to query and modify OSC node data.",
  "sources": "Input sources include HTTP GET requests, URL query parameters, and path segments from incoming requests. Data is read from URL parameters, request URL, and node data structures.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are JSON responses sent to clients, including host info, node serialization, and attribute data. No direct data leaks or external data transmission occurs outside expected responses.",
  "flows": "Input data from URL queries and path segments are used to traverse internal OSC node structures. Data is then serialized and sent back as JSON responses based on node access permissions. No external or untrusted data flows into system commands or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to be standard implementation of an HTTP server with mDNS advertisement, with no obfuscated code, suspicious dynamic execution, or hidden backdoors. The presence of port finding and network setup is typical for server services. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an OSCQuery server with methods to handle HTTP GET requests, query parameters, and node management. It uses external modules for network communication and service discovery, following common patterns. No malicious behavior, such as system commands, data exfiltration, or unauthorized network connections, is detected. The server properly handles incoming requests, validates parameters, and responds with JSON data. No suspicious or malicious code anomalies, backdoors, or data leaks are present. The code's purpose aligns with legitimate OSC over network service implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of an OSCQuery server with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It operates as expected for such a service, with standard network and node management functions. No malware or malicious behavior is identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}