{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebSocket client for a game or real-time application, handling connection, heartbeat, messaging, and protocol encoding/decoding via pomelo-protocol and protobuf.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from WebSocket events (onmessage), configuration parameters during init, and potentially from the callbacks and protobuf encodings.",
  "sinks": "Data sent over WebSocket (send function), including encoded messages and heartbeats; data decoded from incoming messages; and callback invocations.",
  "flows": "Input data from WebSocket -> decode or process package -> route to handlers or callbacks -> potential response or event emissions.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors. It uses standard libraries. No evidence of obfuscation or malicious code snippets. Heartbeat and reconnect logic are typical. No suspicious domain connections or system info leaks detected. No dynamic code execution or data exfiltration mechanisms observed.",
  "analysis": "The script implements a standard WebSocket client with protocol handling, heartbeat management, message encoding/decoding, and callback management. It uses dependencies like pomelo-protocol and protobuf for message handling. No unusual or malicious code patterns are present. The logic follows typical real-time communication client design. The only notable aspect is the verbose logging and use of callbacks, which is standard for such clients. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are identified. The code’s structure and functionality align with legitimate real-time WebSocket clients, with no signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard WebSocket client implementation for real-time applications, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not contain malware, obfuscated code, or suspicious data exfiltration mechanisms. The security risk score is low, and confidence is high that this code is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}