{
  "purpose": "This code implements a customizable progress bar component with support for horizontal and vertical styles, allowing for dynamic updates of value, min, max, and style.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from internal properties such as this._value, this._min, this._max, and this._style. It also reads element attributes and class names during DOM manipulations.",
  "sinks": "DOM style modifications, classList manipulations, and element creation via crel. No direct network, file, or environment variable operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., value, min, max, style) flows into internal properties, triggering _update() which calls style-specific functions to modify DOM styles and classes accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. Usage of external libraries crel and default-style is straightforward and benign. The style removal based on a boolean argument is standard. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a ProgressBar class with methods for setting and getting progress properties. It dynamically updates DOM elements' styles and classes based on internal state. The 'style' property controls horizontal or vertical display styles with corresponding updates. No evidence of malicious intent, such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The only potential concern is the optional removal of default styles, which is benign. External dependencies are simple DOM utilities and styling helpers, not suspicious. Overall, the code is a standard UI component with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of a progress bar component with no indications of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It operates purely within DOM manipulation and style updates without any malicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}