{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of CSS keyframe animations and a React component to apply these animations to child elements, primarily for visual effects and transitions.",
  "sources": "The code reads static constants for animation names, properties passed via props (name, duration, iteration count, timing, onlyHover), and manipulates the document.styleSheets to insert CSS rules dynamically.",
  "sinks": "Insertion of CSS keyframes into the document stylesheet; setting inline style properties for animations; event handlers for mouse over and leave events that trigger style updates.",
  "flows": "React component uses props to generate animation keyframes and styles, inserts rules into stylesheet, and updates inline styles on hover events to trigger animations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. Usage of dynamic style insertion is typical for animation effects. The code only manipulates styles for visual animations; no network activity, data leakage, or system modifications observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines various CSS keyframes for effects like fade, bounce, wiggle, slide, and rotate. It dynamically generates and inserts these keyframes into the document style sheet based on component props. The React component manages animation states, applying styles and keyframes on hover events, which is standard for animated UI components. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system compromise, or covert operations are evident. The code is focused solely on visual effects. It does not handle or transmit untrusted input beyond standard style manipulations. No obfuscation or hidden code found. The use of dynamically inserting CSS rules is a common technique for runtime animations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React-based utility for applying CSS animations, with no indicators of malicious intent or security risks. It operates within typical bounds for UI animation libraries. No malware or security issues are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}