{
  "purpose": "This code provides pluralization functions supporting various locale-specific rules, including support for cardinal and ordinal forms, for use in internationalization.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from the parameters of functions such as 'indexOf', 'plural', 'o_indexOf', 'ordinal', and their internal calculations involving 'value', 'n', 'i', 'f', 't', 'w', and 'e'. It also reads locale identifiers in the 'add' function and locale-based rule data stored in the 's' object.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform any data leak operations, network requests, or system modifications. It mainly processes numeric values and locale strings to determine plural forms, which are returned as strings or indices; there are no dangerous sinks related to data exfiltration, code execution, or system harm.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function parameters (locale identifiers, numeric values) into 'normalize', 'indexOf', 'plural', and 'ordinal' functions, which process and map data to plural form categories via internal rules stored in 's'. The flow is contained within locale processing logic without external data transmission or system access.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code appears to be a standard pluralization support library generated from CLDR data. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious constructs are detected. The 'add' function creates rules for locales, but this is consistent with its purpose.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a cache 's' for plural rules, provides normalization of locale strings, and defines functions to determine plural and ordinal forms based on rules stored in 's'. It employs locale-specific rules added via the 'add' function, which map locale codes to rule objects with 'c', 'o', and 'cFn'/'oFn' functions. These functions perform numeric calculations to categorize numbers into plural forms. No external calls, network activity, or file I/O is observed. The logic appears to be a standard, locale-based pluralization library, with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard pluralization library supporting multiple locales, with no evidence of malicious intent or harmful behavior. It processes numeric and locale data solely for determining plural categories, with no dangerous side effects or external communication. It appears safe and intended for internationalization purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}