{
  "purpose": "This code provides pluralization support for various locales, generating plural and ordinal forms based on language-specific rules, likely for internationalization purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads locale identifiers (loc) from function inputs and uses internal data structures (s object) to retrieve rules. It also reads numeric values (value) for pluralization calculations.",
  "sinks": "No evident sinks such as network requests, file writes, or system commands. The code primarily processes input data for locale-based rules and returns pluralization indices.",
  "flows": "Input locale strings flow through normalization and lookup functions, then numeric values are processed via rule functions (cFn, oFn) to determine indices, which are then used to access plural form arrays.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated patterns. The code is a straightforward implementation of pluralization rules with standard data structures.",
  "analysis": "The code defines pluralization functions and rule definitions for multiple locales, adding rules via the add() function into a shared storage object. It normalizes locale identifiers, retrieves rules, and applies locale-specific logic for plural and ordinal forms. The rules are simple functions based on numeric ranges and modular arithmetic, with no external dependencies or side effects. The module exports functions for pluralization, index retrieval, and rule forms, all consistent with internationalization libraries. There are no signs of malicious behaviors such as network activity, system modifications, or hidden code. The code appears to be a standard, well-structured pluralization utility.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard pluralization support library for internationalization, with no signs of malicious activity or security risks. It solely processes input data to generate plural and ordinal forms based on locale rules.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}