{
  "purpose": "React component for a modal-based wallet connection interface, handling different modal states such as loading, error, email, OTP, wallet options, and recovery code.",
  "sources": "Imports from external libraries (React, Material UI, icons, local components, and interface definitions), props for modal state, error, user input, callback functions, and assets (images, logos).",
  "sinks": "Render output in modal and box components, callback functions triggered by user interactions (clicks, input changes), and possibly asset loading (images/logos).",
  "flows": "User interactions (clicks, input changes) flow into callback functions; modal state determines which components render; data and assets flow from props and internal state into UI elements.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors detected. No use of dynamic code execution, eval, or obscure language features. All imported modules appear legitimate and relevant. The code mainly handles UI rendering based on state.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a React functional component for rendering a modal with multiple states (loading, error, email, OTP, wallet options, recovery). It uses React hooks for theme and media queries, and memoization for style and loading state. The component renders various child components based on the current modal state, passing down props and callback functions. There are no signs of data leaks, malicious network activity, or malicious code injection. Import statements include known UI libraries and local components, with no suspicious imports. The code's structure is typical for a React UI component, with no obfuscated or malicious patterns observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React UI component for wallet connection flows, with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior detected. It relies on external libraries and local components in a typical manner. No security risks or malware signals are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}