{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to generate SQL-like 'where' and 'set' clauses with parameterized inputs for database queries, supporting various operators and data types.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'query' and 'update' objects, and from the 'params' array where it pushes parameter values.",
  "sinks": "The generated clauses are intended to be used in SQL queries, with parameter placeholders ('?') replaced by the 'params' array during execution; no direct sinks are present in the code itself.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input objects ('query'/'update') into predicate functions, which push values into 'params' and construct clause strings; these clauses are returned for use in database queries.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, external network calls, or obfuscation are present; the code is structured and clear. JSON.stringify is used on values, which is standard for serialization but could lead to large payloads, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs parameterized SQL clauses by iterating over input objects, handling various operators and data types. It employs safe practices by using placeholders and pushing values into 'params'. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are detected. The functions are well-structured, and the logic aligns with standard query builder patterns. The use of JSON.stringify is typical for serializing complex objects but does not introduce security issues. The overall design reduces injection risk when used properly. No external activity or malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured query builder utility employing parameterized queries to prevent injection. No signs of malware, obfuscation, or malicious intent are present. The low security risk score (0.2) is appropriate, assuming correct usage. The malware and obfuscation scores are justified as zero. Overall, the code appears safe and suitable for use in secure database operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}