{
  "purpose": "Upload assets to an S3 bucket using grunt-pure-s3 plugin with hardcoded AWS credentials.",
  "sources": "Credentials 'accessKeyId' and 'secretAccessKey' in the configuration object.",
  "sinks": "AWS SDK calls that utilize the hardcoded credentials for S3 operations.",
  "flows": "Configuration reads credentials -> SDK uses credentials to authenticate upload process.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of hardcoded placeholder credentials ('AWS-->accessKeyId', 'AWS-->secretAccessKey') and outdated 'Expires' header set to 2016.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward deployment script for uploading assets to S3. It contains hardcoded credentials, which pose a security risk if real secrets are embedded. No obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious network activity is detected. The 'Expires' header is statically set to a past date, indicating misconfiguration but not malicious intent. All reports correctly identify the insecure credential handling and assign a malware score of 0. The security risk scores vary from 0.3 to 0.6, reflecting concern primarily about credential exposure. Given the placeholder nature of credentials, the actual risk may be lower if these are not real secrets, but the pattern is insecure. The overall assessment is that there is no active malicious behavior, but insecure practices are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard deployment script with insecure handling of AWS credentials but no malware or obfuscation. The primary concern is the exposure of credentials, which could be exploited if they are real. The malware score is correctly 0, and the obfuscation score is 0. The security risk score should be elevated to around 0.5 to 0.8, depending on whether the credentials are placeholders or real secrets. Overall, the code does not exhibit malicious intent but demonstrates insecure coding practices that should be addressed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}