{
  "purpose": "The code defines a 3D shape rendering library called Isomer, providing geometric primitives, transformations, and rendering capabilities for isometric drawing on HTML5 Canvas.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, including points, paths, shapes, colors, and transformation parameters. It also reads configuration options passed during instantiation, such as light position, scale, and origin coordinates.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with the Canvas API for rendering graphical output, and it computes colors and geometric transformations. No sinks directly involve network, file, or environment variable access, and no untrusted data is shown being written externally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (points, paths, options) through geometric and color calculations, then into rendering functions that draw on the Canvas context. Calculations involve transforming 3D points into 2D canvas coordinates and shading based on lighting vectors.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code appears standard for a geometric rendering library, with clear separation of geometric and rendering concerns. No unusual dynamic code execution or obfuscation detected. No network activity or external data exfiltration points are evident.",
  "analysis": "The source code is a structured library implementing 3D geometric primitives, transformations, color management, and rendering via Canvas. It does not perform any network operations, system modifications, or data leaks. The code relies solely on mathematical calculations and HTML Canvas drawing functions. All functions and modules are consistent with 3D shape rendering and do not exhibit malicious behavior. No signs of obfuscation, hidden backdoors, or malicious code patterns are found. The code's purpose aligns with visualizing 3D shapes in an isometric projection.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign, well-structured 3D shape rendering library for HTML Canvas. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious code, and does not perform any external communications or data exfiltration. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}