{
  "purpose": "This code calculates Predicted Mean Vote (PMV) and Predicted Percentage of Dissatisfied (PPD) based on environmental parameters, and serves as a custom node for Node-RED to process these calculations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from msg.payload associated with specific topics (airTemperature, radiantTemperature, airVelocity, relativeHumidity, metabolicRate, clothingInsulation).",
  "sinks": "The code outputs the calculated PMV and PPD values in msg.payload back to the Node-RED flow.",
  "flows": "Input data (msg.payload with specific topics) is stored in a parameters object; once all required parameters are received, calculations are performed, and results are sent out, then parameters are reset.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains standard calculation functions without obfuscation or suspicious logic. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are evident. No network requests, system commands, or data exfiltration activities are present. The reset of parameters after processing appears normal for state management.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions to compute PMV and PPD based on provided environmental parameters. It uses standard mathematical formulas without suspicious modifications. The Node-RED node listens for input messages, stores relevant parameters, and when all are present, performs calculations and outputs results. No external network calls, file operations, or data leaks are detected. The code does not contain obfuscated segments, malicious behavior, or security issues. The data flow is confined within the node and follows typical patterns for such calculations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of environmental comfort calculations for a Node-RED custom node. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The logic is straightforward, with no indicators of sabotage or privacy violations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}