{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a bundled JavaScript library, specifically a Vue.js component library for rendering menus and icons, with supporting utility functions and polyfills included.",
  "sources": "The code loads many polyfills and core-js modules, as well as internal Vue component definitions, rendering logic, and styling imports. It primarily reads component props, internal state, and environment variables related to the DOM and window objects.",
  "sinks": "The code generates DOM elements, manipulates styles for animations, and handles event listeners for user interactions. No network requests, file operations, or data leaks are observed. It processes user input for menu interactions but does not send or store this data externally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions (clicks, mouseovers) to internal state updates (such as selected items, open/close states) and DOM updates (style changes for transitions). No untrusted external data flows are evident that could lead to injection or leakage.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily composed of standard polyfills, utility functions, and Vue component definitions. It includes webpack bootstrap code, minification artifacts, and polyfill imports, which are normal for bundled libraries. No hard-coded secrets, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. The minified-looking code sections are typical for production bundles.",
  "analysis": "The beginning of the code contains webpack bootstrap logic for module loading, with polyfill imports for ES6 features, symbol support, and DOM collections, indicating standard build practices. The core of the code defines Vue components for menu items and a menu container, with event handling, rendering functions, and style manipulations for expand/collapse animations. Utility functions for object property handling, symbol detection, and iteration support are present but are typical polyfill code. No network activity, data transmission, or system modifications are observable. The code relies on standard Vue mechanisms and polyfills without any suspicious extensions or obfuscated logic. Overall, the code functions as a UI component library with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a Vue.js menu component library bundled with polyfills and supporting utilities. It performs standard DOM manipulation, event handling, and component rendering without any suspicious, malicious, or sabotage behavior. No signals of malware, data theft, or security risks are identified within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}