{
  "purpose": "This code extends the '@svgdotjs/svg.js' library to add pan and zoom functionality to SVG elements, handling various input events such as mouse wheel, touch gestures, and mouse drag for panning and zooming the viewbox.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include event objects from 'wheel', 'touchstart', 'touchmove', 'touchend', 'mousedown', 'mouseup', and 'mousemove' events, as well as the initial element attributes such as 'width', 'height', and viewbox settings.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe operations include modifications to the viewbox via user input, but no direct data leaks or system interactions are present. The code dispatches custom events like 'zoom', 'panStart', 'panEnd', which could be listened to elsewhere, but no external communication or data exfiltration is evident within this snippet.",
  "flows": "User input events (sources) such as wheel, touch gestures, and mouse movements trigger functions that adjust the viewbox (sink). For example, 'wheelZoom' adjusts zoom level; 'panning' updates viewbox position based on drag movements; 'pinchZoom' scales viewbox based on pinch gesture. These functions are called in response to corresponding events, forming source-to-sink data flows.",
  "anomalies": "The code is complex but largely standard for SVG pan/zoom interactions. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are evident. No suspicious network activity or malicious code injection. No unnecessary dynamic code evaluation or obfuscated patterns are present. The only potential concern is reliance on event dispatching and event handling which could be manipulated externally, but within this snippet, there is no malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a typical SVG pan and zoom extension, including features like margins restriction, pinch zoom, and wheel zoom with normalization for different delta modes. The functions handle event binding and unbinding carefully, and the viewbox is manipulated based on user input. No external data is fetched, nor system commands executed. The code appears to be a benign extension module for interactive SVG manipulation. The complexity stems from handling various input methods and maintaining aspect ratios, which is standard for such features.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a legitimate implementation of SVG pan and zoom functionality. It does not contain malware or malicious intent. Its security risk is minimal, focused mainly on potential misuse of event dispatching or manipulation of user input, which is typical for such UI interaction code. No indicators of malicious behavior or supply chain sabotage are found.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}