{
  "purpose": "This code extends the SVG.js library to implement pan and zoom functionalities for SVG elements, including handling of mouse and touch events for panning and zooming interactions.",
  "sources": "Event listeners for 'wheel', 'touchstart', 'touchmove', 'touchend', 'mousedown', 'mouseup', and related event handlers, which read user input from the environment.",
  "sinks": "Functions that modify the viewbox of the SVG element, including 'this.viewbox()', 'this.zoom()', and 'this.dispatch()' with 'zoom' and 'panStart'/'panEnd' events; potentially affecting how SVG content is displayed or manipulated.",
  "flows": "User input events (mouse, touch) act as sources; through event handlers like 'wheelZoom', 'pinchZoom', and 'panning', the code processes these inputs and updates the SVG viewbox accordingly, controlling zoom levels and panning positions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets; code primarily handles standard SVG interactions. The only noteworthy aspect is the reliance on default environment values for zoom limits and margins, which are not malicious. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors are evident. Event dispatching is used for extensibility but does not perform any malicious network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard SVG pan and zoom functionalities with event handling for both mouse and touch interactions. It includes safeguards for margins, aspect ratio preservation, and zoom limits. No code suggests data leakage, network communication, or malicious modifications. The event handlers are typical for interactive graphics. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful system commands. The use of 'dispatch' could allow external code to intercept events, but this is a common pattern and not inherently malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate extension of SVG.js to provide user interaction features without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of SVG pan and zoom interactions with no malicious behavior detected. It handles user inputs securely and does not include suspicious or harmful code. The only potential concern is its extensibility via event dispatching, which is normal and does not imply malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}