{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a bundle of JavaScript modules, mainly React internals, polyfills, and utility functions. It is likely part of a React application build output, possibly including devtools hooks and helper functions.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from environment (e.g., React devtools global hook), DOM elements, and event objects. It also accesses the window object, global variables, and document. The source of input data is mainly from DOM events, environment variables, and React component props/state.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulations (setAttribute, appendChild, removeChild, textContent updates), event handler assignments, network requests (not explicitly seen here but could be triggered indirectly), and evaluation of dynamically loaded code (though no eval or Function constructor used). It also contains internal React fiber node manipulations, which are typical for React rendering and reconciliation.",
  "flows": "Data flows from DOM event inputs and environment variables into React internal functions and component lifecycle methods. User input (events) are processed and may update component state or DOM properties. React's internal fiber tree is traversed and manipulated, but these are standard React processes.",
  "anomalies": "No clear anomalies or suspicious code behaviors are present. The code includes React internals, polyfills, and devtools hooks, which are standard for React apps. The presence of source maps and minified code is typical. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activity is evident. The code does not perform any hidden or unusual operations outside typical React app runtime functions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified React application bundle containing React internals, event handling, context, and hooks. It initializes React's internal structures, sets up devtools hooks, manages event extraction, and handles DOM updates—standard React runtime procedures. There are no indications of data exfiltration, system sabotage, or malicious network activity. The code does not contain obfuscated code intended to hide malicious behavior; it is typical of a React production/development build output, possibly including React's devtools hook setup.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard React application bundle with React internals, event handling, and devtools hook setup. There are no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or supply chain attacks. The code performs expected functions in a React environment without any suspicious or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}