{
  "purpose": "The code extends and patches the THREE.js library to add custom material functionalities, shader extensions, and shader patching utilities for enhanced rendering capabilities.",
  "sources": "Imports from './three.module.js'; internal shader chunks; material class prototypes; shader chunk definitions; uniforms; shader code patches; extended material and shader methods.",
  "sinks": "Shader code modification functions (applyPatches, patchShader); dynamic shader source assembly; extending prototypes for materials and shaders; cloning and linking uniforms; shader compilation and customization.",
  "flows": "Input data such as shader patches and material properties flow from user-defined objects into shader source strings and uniforms, which are then compiled into custom materials using extend and patch functions; uniforms are cloned and linked across materials; shader code is dynamically patched with includes and modifications; final material instances are created with customized shaders.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity; the code primarily manipulates shader and material properties for rendering purposes. There are extensive shader patching mechanisms, but these are typical for shader customization. No obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic code execution, or hidden data leaks are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive extension of the THREE.js library aimed at providing custom shader materials and advanced shader patching capabilities. It clones uniforms, extends material prototypes, and allows dynamic modification of shader source code via patching functions. These features are typical for graphics customization and do not inherently introduce malicious behavior. The functions mainly manipulate shader code and uniforms, with no network activity, file operations, or credential handling present. The code does include dynamic shader source patching, but this is a standard practice in shader customization workflows. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate extension for advanced material and shader management, with no indications of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate, complex shader and material extension for THREE.js, focused on customizing shader code and materials. There are no signs of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or sabotage. It provides advanced shader patching and uniform handling, which are typical for high-end graphics work. The security risk is low, and there is no evidence of malware or malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}