{
  "purpose": "This code extends and patches the THREE.js library with custom material classes and shader management functions to facilitate shader and material customization in 3D rendering applications.",
  "sources": "Imports from THREE.js (three.module.js), shader chunk definitions, and material prototypes. No external user input or untrusted data sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "Shader chunk modifications, material property assignments, and shader code patching functions. No evidence of data leaks or external network communication.",
  "flows": "The code clones and modifies shader code and material properties, applying patches and linking uniforms. It also creates custom material classes that extend existing shaders, with no flow to external systems or data exfiltration points.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets detected. Usage of 'console.error' is standard for error handling; no suspicious obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or external calls are present. The code includes functions for shader patching and uniform management, but these are standard within shader programming contexts.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on extending THREE.js material classes with additional shader patching, uniform handling, and custom material creation. It modifies prototypes for shader materials, adds utility functions for cloning and linking uniforms, and manages shader code insertion and patching through applyPatches and related functions. No data is transmitted externally, and there are no indicators of malicious behavior such as network connections, data theft, or system disruption. The code appears to be a comprehensive utility for shader and material management without hidden or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate extension for THREE.js shader/material management, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It enhances shader customization capabilities and handles shader code modifications securely within the expected scope. No external malicious activity or sabotage detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}