{
  "purpose": "This code defines an object `atomicEase` with various easing functions used for animations, including different types of easing curves (In, Out, InOut, OutIn, linear) and specific easing functions (back, cubic, expo, quad, quart). It appears to be a library for easing calculations, likely for animation timing.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external input or data; it solely defines functions and objects in memory.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that send data to external systems, network, files, or perform any side effects.",
  "flows": "The code constructs easing functions but does not process or pass untrusted data; no data flow from source to sink exists.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified and obfuscated in style but follows patterns typical of a compiled or minified library. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic are evident. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or privacy-invasive code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a set of easing functions for animations, encapsulated within an object named `atomicEase`. It uses standard mathematical operations (quadratic, cubic, exponential, quartic) to create timing functions, which are typical in animation libraries. The obfuscation style is consistent with minified code, not malicious obfuscation. No suspicious network requests, data leaks, or code injection mechanisms are present. The functions are purely computational, designed for timing calculations. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. The code is a typical utility library for easing functions, with no indications of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard set of easing functions for animation purposes, with no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It is likely a library intended for use in animation frameworks, and the obfuscation appears to be due to minification rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}