{
  "purpose": "This code defines a logging utility that formats and outputs messages with different severity modes, optionally including timestamps and additional data, for use in a larger application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function arguments, including message objects, additional data, and possibly Error objects, as well as internal utility modules ('./utils' and 'util').",
  "sinks": "Console output via console[mode], which displays formatted log messages, and internal function calls such as utils.trimLines and utils.indent that process message strings.",
  "flows": "Input data (messages, extras, Error objects) flow through formatting functions (unstack, util.inspect) and are ultimately output to the console, with optional timestamp inclusion and indentation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are observed. Use of internal utility functions (utils.trimLines, utils.indent) is straightforward. No dynamic code execution or external network activity occurs. The code properly handles Error objects and formats messages accordingly.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles logging and message formatting. It imports utility modules for string trimming and indentation. The unstack function extracts message and stack trace from Error objects. The modeColor function maps modes to colors for display. The main exported function creates a logger configured for a specific mode, which logs messages with optional timestamps and additional data. It properly distinguishes between Error and non-Error messages, inspects non-string extras, and outputs formatted logs. There are no signs of malicious behavior, code injection, or data leakage. The code's structure is typical for a logging utility and contains no suspicious or malicious code segments.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard logging utility module that formats and outputs messages with different modes and optional extras. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this code fragment. It functions as intended for application-level logging purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}