{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React Native speedometer component with customizable styles, labels, and animation behavior, intended for visualizing numerical values within a specified range.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component props such as 'value', 'size', 'labels', and 'needleImage'. It also reads system dimensions via reactNative.Dimensions.get('window').",
  "sinks": "The code updates animated values for visual rotation using reactNative.Animated.timing and renders images and text based on input props. No direct data leaks or network connections are evident.",
  "flows": "Input props (value, size, labels, etc.) are used to compute display parameters, animate the needle, and generate visual elements. The 'value' prop flows into animation and label calculations; system dimension data influences sizing; images and styles are rendered accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The code appears to be standard React Native component code with no obfuscated or malicious logic. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports React and react-native modules, defines style objects, and constructs a Speedometer component with customizable props. It uses safe calculation functions to limit values and determine sizes, with no use of eval, dynamic code execution, or suspicious network calls. The animated needle rotation and label rendering are standard. The inclusion of images and styling is typical for UI components. Overall, the code appears legitimate and aligned with its intended purpose, with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, non-malicious React Native speedometer component with no evidence of malware or security risks. It solely performs visual representation of a numeric value, with input handling and animations typical for such components.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}