{
  "purpose": "This code defines a comprehensive set of JavaScript feature tests for upcoming ECMAScript proposals and features, including execution logic, results, and categorization for compatibility testing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from require('./data-common') for configuration and environment detection. It also executes inline functions to test specific JavaScript features and their behaviors.",
  "sinks": "Execution results of feature tests and environment checks; no untrusted data flow to external systems or sensitive data leakage points are evident.",
  "flows": "Input data (common environment info) flows into configuration and environment detection variables. Feature test functions are executed, and their results are stored. No data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behavior are present. The code strictly performs feature detection and categorization without any suspicious side-effects or external communication. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are found.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of feature detection tests for proposed and upcoming JavaScript features. It uses inline functions with 'exec' that run specific JavaScript expressions to verify feature support and behavior. Results are stored in a structured manner. No external network activity, data exfiltration, or system manipulation code is present. The only potentially suspicious aspect could be the environment detection code, but it is standard for feature tests. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious intent. The code is well-structured, primarily for compatibility testing.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code functions as a feature detection test suite for upcoming ECMAScript features. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious network activity, and no security risks. It is a legitimate, structured testing framework without signs of supply chain compromise or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}