{
  "purpose": "This code defines a comprehensive set of tests for upcoming JavaScript features, categorizing them by stage, and specifying how each feature is tested, including support detection and expected behavior.",
  "sources": "Data import via require('./data-common'), internal test definitions and execution functions, categorization logic, and support result collection.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks for untrusted input are present; the code primarily executes feature detection tests and returns boolean results.",
  "flows": "The flow involves defining test cases with execution functions that evaluate support for features, with no flow of untrusted data to critical operations or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains functions that execute code snippets within comments, but these are static evaluations, not executing external input. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are detected. The only unusual aspect is the dynamic rearrangement of test cases based on category, which is benign. No use of eval, Function constructor, or unsafe dynamic execution is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily sets up a structured testing suite for future JavaScript features, each with specific exec functions that perform feature support checks through static code snippets. These snippets do not execute untrusted or external data. No evidence of malware, data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system damage functions is present. The pattern is consistent with standard test definitions. The code lacks any network requests, environment variable manipulations, or system alterations. There is no obfuscated or malicious code present. The support result collection and categorization are straightforward. Overall, the code appears purely to define feature support tests without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a structured, feature-detection test suite for upcoming JavaScript features, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It executes only static support checks and categorizes features logically. No security risks or malicious actions are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}