{
  "purpose": "The code defines a collection of JavaScript feature tests and proposals, organizing them into categories and subtests for evaluating support and compliance with upcoming JavaScript features.",
  "sources": "Require statement for './data-common'; usage of functions within 'exec' properties for feature testing",
  "sinks": "None evident; no untrusted data input handling or external network communication; no data leaks, injection, or execution of external code",
  "flows": "Data flows are limited to internal feature detection logic within 'exec' functions; no source-to-sink data flow indicating malicious activity",
  "anomalies": "The code structure is straightforward with standard feature testing patterns. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious logic. No obfuscated or misleading code. The use of 'require' is typical for modular data loading. No dynamic code execution, eval, or external communication observed.",
  "analysis": "The script loads a common data module and defines an array of feature test objects, each with properties such as 'name', 'category', 'spec', and 'exec' functions that run feature detection tests. The 'exec' functions perform benign feature checks like type detection, prototype properties, and support verification, with no network or system modification code. The categorization and reordering logic at the end organize tests for presentation. All code within 'exec' functions is limited to feature detection and does not perform any side effects or malicious actions. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or sabotage; all behaviors are purely investigative. The code is consistent with standard testing and proposal validation practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured set of feature tests for upcoming JavaScript features, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It strictly performs internal feature support checks without external or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}