{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component named 'Reviews' that renders an SVG icon with customizable colors via props.",
  "sources": "Props such as 'color', 'baseColor', 'detailsColor', and their variants; Rest operator '...rest' which spreads remaining props onto the SVG element.",
  "sinks": "SVG attributes and child path elements that utilize the props for fill colors; potentially, the spread '...rest' could include untrusted attributes or event handlers.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props into SVG and path fill attributes; 'rest' props are spread directly onto the SVG element, potentially including untrusted attributes or event handlers.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes standard React and PropTypes imports, typical SVG rendering with customizable colors, no hardcoded secrets, or unusual code patterns. The use of '...rest' could be a vector for injecting malicious attributes if untrusted data is passed as props.",
  "analysis": "The component is a straightforward React functional component rendering an SVG with configurable colors via props. The '...rest' spread allows passing additional props to the SVG element, which, if supplied from untrusted sources, could lead to injection of malicious attributes or event handlers. However, in normal usage, this pattern is common and not inherently malicious. No obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious network activity are present. The code does not perform any network requests, file operations, or other side effects. It solely renders an SVG icon with customizable colors. The imports and PropTypes usage are standard. Overall, the code appears benign, with a minor potential risk from the spread of untrusted props, which is a common pattern in React components.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard React component for rendering a customizable SVG icon. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. The primary concern is the spread operator '...rest', which could introduce unwanted attributes if untrusted data is passed, but this is a common React pattern. No security threats are evident from the code itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}