{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be part of a wallet connection and UI management library for web3 integrations, handling wallet listings, deep linking, user sessions, and UI modals.",
  "sources": "Reads localStorage (for deep links), window.navigator.userAgent (device detection), window.open (navigation), and crypto.randomUUID (session ID). It also reads input data from function parameters and URL parameters.",
  "sinks": "LocalStorage (setting deep link info), window.open (opening URLs), fetch (API calls for listings), and potentially passing user data into these processes.",
  "flows": "Input data from function parameters and URL -> processed for URL formatting or storage -> localStorage or fetch API calls -> window.open for navigation or API responses.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials. The code includes URL and deep link handling, user session IDs via crypto.randomUUID, and API endpoints with project ID and SDK info. No suspicious code patterns, backdoors, or hidden malicious behaviors are evident. All URL and storage interactions are standard for wallet connection flows.",
  "analysis": "The code manages wallet connection UI state, device detection, URL formatting, deep linking, and event tracking. It uses standard browser APIs such as localStorage, fetch, and window.open. The deep link setting functions are wrapped in try-catch blocks to prevent failures, indicating robustness. There are no signs of obfuscated or malicious code, no suspicious network connections outside the specified API endpoints, and no unusual data exfiltration methods. The only potentially sensitive operations are storing and retrieving deep links and user sessions, which are typical in wallet connection workflows.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate part of a web3 wallet connection library, handling UI states, deep linking, wallet listing retrieval, and event tracking without any malicious intent. No malware, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are identified. All operations seem aligned with standard practices for web3 wallet integrations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}