{
  "purpose": "This code provides an interface to a native library for controlling Helios DAC devices, including functions to open/close devices, get device status, set shutter, and write frames for output.",
  "sources": "User input or external data may influence function parameters such as dacNum, shutterValue, pps, flags, points, and numOfPoints, especially if these are received from untrusted sources in the larger application context.",
  "sinks": "Functions interact with native library calls, which can affect device states. No direct data leaks or sensitive data exfiltration are evident. Potentially risky operations include device control functions which, if misused, could disrupt hardware or output unintended signals.",
  "flows": "Input data (from user or application) flows into functions like setShutter and writeFrame, which then invoke native library functions. These native calls control hardware behavior but do not involve data processing within the JavaScript code itself.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code interacts with a native DLL without obfuscation or unusual constructs. The use of a 'dirty hack' to adjust the library path for Electron applications is notable but not malicious. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are visible. The code directly interfaces with hardware without additional validation or sanitization of input parameters.",
  "analysis": "The code serves as a wrapper around native functions for device control, with no evidence of malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It relies on external native libraries and exposes functions to manage hardware devices. There are no signs of obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious network activity. The only notable aspect is the adjustment of the library path for Electron compatibility, which is a common workaround but not malicious. The functions are straightforward, and no data exfiltration, code injection, or malicious payloads are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate interface for hardware control with no malicious behavior detected. It performs hardware device management tasks securely and transparently, with no signs of sabotage or malware. The overall security risk is low, assuming the native library itself is trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}