{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React Native component for selecting months and years with swipe gesture support, allowing users to navigate through a calendar interface.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from props such as initialView, selectedDate, currentDate, minDate, maxDate, localeSettings, and user interactions through touch events and gesture recognizers.",
  "sinks": "Uses data internally to render UI components, styles, and handle user interactions. No direct data sinks that send untrusted data externally are evident.",
  "flows": "User input via touch and gestures influences the state (initialView), which updates the calendar display; data from props influences rendering and behavior; no external network or data exfiltration points are present.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code, are detected. The code appears to follow standard React Native component patterns. The use of moment.js for date management is typical and safe, and there are no signs of dynamic code execution or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React Native component that manages calendar month/year selection with optional swipe gesture navigation. It reads user data via props and updates UI accordingly. The component uses moment.js for date calculations, with locale updates in the lifecycle method. The style and structure are typical for such UI components. No external data is sent over the network, no code injection, or suspicious side effects are present. The code is well-structured, with no anomalies that suggest malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React Native calendar month selector component with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It operates solely within the app's context to manage date selection and navigation. No malicious or sabotage-related code features are identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}