{
  "purpose": "This code creates a visual background effect of animated ribbons inside a specified container, primarily for aesthetic purposes on web pages.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the window object (innerWidth, innerHeight, pageXOffset, pageYOffset), DOM events (resize, scroll), and mouse events if provided (pageX, pageY). It also reads options passed during instantiation.",
  "sinks": "The code writes visual data to an HTML5 canvas element, which it adds to the document body. It does not write data externally or send data over network connections.",
  "flows": "Input data from window and mouse events influence rendering parameters; data flows from these sources into the drawing functions, which then render animated ribbons on the canvas based on the current state and input data.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or unusual behaviors. It uses standard canvas drawing and event handling for visual effects. No obfuscated code or hidden network activity is detected. The style and behavior are consistent with a typical visual background effect script.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes a full-screen canvas, attaches event listeners for resize and scroll, and continuously renders animated ribbon shapes with smooth transitions. It uses random functions to generate visual variation and does not perform any network communication, data collection, or system modification. The code is clean, straightforward, and focused solely on rendering visual effects. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or privacy violations are present. The only noteworthy aspect is the potential for high CPU usage due to continuous animation, but this is a normal trade-off for visual effects.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a benign visual background effect script with no malicious intent. It does not include any malware, hidden network activity, or security vulnerabilities. It is safe to use from a security standpoint.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}