{
  "purpose": "Creates a visual low-poly ribbons background effect inside a target container, rendering animated ribbon-like shapes on a canvas element.",
  "sources": "Reads window size and scroll position, document body, and input events like resize and scroll; generates random parameters for ribbon behavior and color.",
  "sinks": "Draws on an HTML canvas element, modifies DOM styles, and appends the canvas to the document body; uses window and document objects.",
  "flows": "Input events (resize, scroll, mouse input) influence the size and position; random functions generate parameters for ribbons; drawing functions render on canvas; animation loop updates ribbons.",
  "anomalies": "No evidence of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. Usage of global variables appears standard. No network activity, data leaks, or suspicious external calls detected. Canvas style and creation are typical for visual effects. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution found.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a self-invoking factory function that creates a 'Ribbons' object responsible for rendering animated ribbon effects on a full-screen canvas. It reads input data such as window dimensions and scroll position to adapt the visual effect. Randomized parameters generate ribbon movement and color attributes. The drawing routines use standard Canvas API calls, and event listeners update internal state on resize and scroll. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection patterns are present. The code structure and behavior align with typical visual enhancement scripts, and no malicious intent or sabotage indicators are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard visual effect implementation for a background ribbon animation. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The code is well-structured and appears safe for use, with no malicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}