{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for calculating points and angles on a spline curve, primarily for graphical or animation purposes, and creates a path-based point finder using configuration parameters.",
  "sources": "Data sources include imported modules ('fp-ts/function', 'fp-ts/Reader', './findPointOnPath', './spline') and configuration object obtained via R.ask() which supplies spline parameters.",
  "sinks": "There are no obvious sinks such as network requests, file writes, or data exfiltration points. No untrusted input processing or output to external systems is visible.",
  "flows": "Input data from configuration flows into spline length and path parameter calculations, then into the point and angle calculation functions. Final outputs are calculated points with angles, used internally; no external sinks are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no suspicious or unusual code patterns. It uses standard functional programming constructs, well-commented functions, and appears to perform legitimate calculations for spline geometry. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of spline point and angle calculations, utilizing external libraries for functional programming and spline computations. It configures a path point finder based on spline parameters, without any suspicious or malicious code. The structure and code style are consistent with typical graphical computation modules. No obfuscation or malware-like behavior is present. The use of mathematical functions and configuration objects aligns with standard graphics or animation utilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for spline computations without any malicious intent. It does not contain malware, hidden backdoors, or suspicious data flows. The security risk is minimal; it serves a specific computational purpose with no indications of malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}