{
  "purpose": "Utility library providing various data validation, formatting, and manipulation functions for JavaScript applications.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function arguments, global variables like navigator.userAgent, and window/global objects for environment detection.",
  "sinks": "Functions that perform data formatting, validation, and clipboard operations; no direct untrusted data sinks like network requests or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into validation and formatting functions, with environment info used for browser and device detection; no malicious flow evident.",
  "anomalies": "Uses standard validation regexes; no hardcoded secrets or credentials. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or suspicious variable names. Functions like 'checkBankNo' or 'checkIDCard' perform standard validations without malicious intent. No evident backdoors or covert data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive set of utility functions for data validation, formatting, environment detection, and URL manipulation. It employs common regex patterns and simple logic, with no suspicious network activity, code injection, or malicious data handling. The use of navigator and window objects is typical for browser detection purposes. No functions appear to send data over the network, connect to suspicious domains, or perform malicious system actions. The code structure is straightforward, with clear purpose. There are no signs of obfuscated or malicious code segments. Overall, the code appears to be benign utility functions for client-side validation and environment checks.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility library for data validation, formatting, and environment detection. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It does not perform any suspicious or harmful actions, and it appears safe for use in application code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}