{
  "purpose": "This code extends the Leaflet.js library to add semi-circular (semi-circle) shape functionalities, allowing creation, manipulation, and rendering of semi-circular geometries on maps.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters such as options, angles, and geographic coordinates (latlng). It also reads environment variables and global variables like window.L and require dependencies.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily manipulates SVG and Canvas rendering contexts to display shapes. It does not include data output or network operations, but it relies on untrusted input for angles and positioning that influence visual rendering.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (angles, options, coordinates) are used to compute geometries (start/end points, rotation). These are then rendered onto SVG or Canvas, transforming geographic data into visual shapes; no external data transmission occurs.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard extension for rendering semi-circular shapes with configurable angles and directions. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a leaflet plugin for semi-circle shapes, including methods to set angles and directions, determine containment, and handle rendering on SVG and Canvas. It carefully normalizes angles, calculates rotated points, and integrates with the existing Leaflet API. There are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or external network activity. All computations relate strictly to shape geometry and rendering. The code structure follows standard JavaScript and Leaflet plugin patterns, with no suspicious code anomalies.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign extension for creating semi-circular shapes in Leaflet maps. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. It solely enhances visual rendering capabilities without external network communications or data exfiltration. The implementation is straightforward and adheres to expected patterns for such plugins.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}