{
  "purpose": "This code defines a factory class for creating interfaces and connecting to a specific Ethereum smart contract (TokenFeeDetector). It facilitates interaction with the contract via ethers.js, providing methods to instantiate the contract interface and connect to deployed instances.",
  "sources": "The code reads static ABI data and provides methods for creating interfaces and connecting to contract instances; no external input or untrusted data sources are used.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks where untrusted data is processed or where data leaks or external effects occur. The code only handles static data and utility functions.",
  "flows": "The flow involves creating an interface object via createInterface() and connecting to a contract address via connect(), both using static ABI data; no dynamic or untrusted data flows are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code is a standard autogenerated contract factory with no suspicious patterns, obfuscation, or malicious code. It contains no dynamic code execution, no hardcoded secrets, and no external network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code is a boilerplate factory for a smart contract interface, generated automatically. It only provides static ABI data and utility methods for interaction. No signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security issues are present. The scores assigned in the reports (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, low security risk) are consistent with the code's nature. The presence of a source map in one report is standard and not suspicious. Overall, the code is benign and safe for use.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical autogenerated ethers.js contract factory with no malicious intent, obfuscation, or security risks. All reports correctly identify its benign nature, and the assigned scores are appropriate. The overall security assessment should be malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, securityRisk: 0.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}