{
  "purpose": "The source code implements a comprehensive 2D graphics rendering library with scene graph management, shape drawing, event handling, and image support, intended for web-based graphics applications.",
  "sources": "Options passed during class instantiation, user interactions (mouse events), external image URLs or Image objects, window.devicePixelRatio, resize events, shape parameters, style objects.",
  "sinks": "Canvas API calls (fillRect, strokeRect, drawImage, fill, stroke, clip), event dispatching and propagation, style property assignments, style and shape data storage, DOM event listeners.",
  "flows": "Input data (shape parameters, images, styles) flow into rendering functions; user interactions flow through event system into scene graph nodes; image resources load asynchronously; event propagation follows capture and bubble phases.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious behaviors such as hardcoded credentials, network activity for data exfiltration, obfuscation, or backdoors detected. Image loading is standard asynchronous resource fetching. No unusual code patterns or external communications observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured, standard JavaScript graphics library utilizing the Canvas API. It manages scene graph nodes, shapes, styles, and events without any signs of malicious behavior. Image resources load asynchronously in a typical manner. Event handling follows standard DOM event propagation with capture and bubble phases. No obfuscation or suspicious code patterns are present. The data flows are typical for rendering and interaction, with no external network activity beyond image loading. The overall code is clear, maintainable, and aligns with common practices for web graphics frameworks.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a legitimate, non-malicious 2D graphics rendering library with event handling and scene management. No signs of sabotage, malware, or security vulnerabilities are present. The code is transparent and adheres to standard web API usage. The minimal security risk score reflects typical asynchronous resource loading and event processing, which are standard and safe.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}