{
  "purpose": "This code is a module index for the ECharts JavaScript charting library, exporting and importing various chart types, components, coordinate systems, and rendering engines for use in data visualization projects.",
  "sources": "The code reads local module files from the './src/' directory, and external libraries 'zrender/src/vml/vml' and 'zrender/src/svg/svg'. It does not read user input or external data sources directly.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write data or execute untrusted input. It primarily imports modules and exports components. No sinks are evident that process untrusted data or lead to security vulnerabilities.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves importing a fixed set of chart and component modules into the main library; there are no source-to-sink data flows, external network interactions, or data processing that could introduce security risks.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or unusual dynamic behavior. All imports are static and directly referencing local files or known external libraries. The comments are standard documentation.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a module aggregator for the ECharts library, importing various chart types and components. It does not process untrusted input, execute dynamic code, or include any suspicious logic. External dependencies are well-known libraries 'zrender' for rendering support. The code is clean, straightforward, and adheres to typical module import/export practices. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. The inclusion of rendering engines 'vml' and 'svg' is standard for cross-browser compatibility. Overall, the code is safe, with no security risks identified.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a standard module index for the ECharts visualization library. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious anomalies, and no security risks. It simply organizes and imports necessary components for the library's operation.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}