{
  "purpose": "The code captures video from the user's webcam, detects faces using the CompreFace SDK, and visualizes detection results on canvas elements.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the user's webcam stream via getUserMedia; face detection results are obtained from the CompreFace SDK after image blobs are sent to the detection service.",
  "sinks": "Drawing on canvases for visualization; dispatching custom events; potential network communication via SDK (though not explicitly shown), and handling of image blobs.",
  "flows": "Video stream → Canvas capture → Blob creation → SDK detection request → Detection results processed → Visualized on canvases.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials other than a placeholder API key; event dispatching and handling are standard. No suspicious network activity or obfuscated code. Usage of local server 'http://localhost' suggests local deployment. No unusual data leaks or privacy violations observed.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes webcam access, processes video frames for face detection, and visualizes results. The detection API key is a placeholder, indicating local testing setup. No suspicious data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware-like behavior is evident. It employs standard APIs and SDK functions for face detection. No malicious code, hidden functions, or obfuscated code are present. The flow from input to output is straightforward and consistent with typical face detection applications.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard face detection application that captures webcam video, detects faces using a local CompreFace SDK, and visualizes detection results. It does not contain malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or suspicious network activity. Its security risks are minimal, primarily related to the placeholder API key and local server configuration, which are typical in development environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}