{
  "purpose": "This code captures video input from the user's webcam, processes video frames with a face detection service, and overlays detection results on canvases.",
  "sources": "Reads user media stream from navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia; reads image data from canvas via toBlob(); reads detection results from the face detection service.",
  "sinks": "Dispatches 'next_frame' events; draws images and overlays on canvases; logs errors to console.",
  "flows": "Video stream is captured -> frames are drawn onto a hidden canvas -> blobs are created and sent to face detection service -> detection results are used to draw overlays on visible canvases.",
  "anomalies": "Uses a hardcoded API key ('your_api_key'); initializes connection to local server at 'http://localhost:8000' which may not be a trusted endpoint; dispatches custom events ('next_frame') to control frame processing.",
  "analysis": "The code captures video input and processes each frame using a face detection SDK. It uses a hardcoded detection service endpoint and API key, which could be misused if exposed. The API key is not secured, which is a security concern. The detection server is local, reducing external exposure risk, but the use of a hardcoded key indicates poor security practice. No malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or unauthorized network communication is evident. The application does not contain obfuscated code or dynamic code execution. It relies solely on standard browser APIs and the face detection SDK. The code appears legitimate for face detection purposes, with no malicious intent detectable.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs face detection on webcam video frames, with no signs of malicious behavior. The main security concern is the hardcoded API key and local server endpoint, which are insecure but not malicious per se. There are no indications of malware, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. Overall, it appears as a legitimate application for facial analysis with minor security issues related to credential handling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}