{
  "purpose": "This code implements a swipeable card component for React Native, allowing users to interact with cards via gestures and perform actions such as swipe left/right/up, with customizable renderings and actions.",
  "sources": "Reads include imported modules (React, PropTypes, React Native components, utility functions), props such as 'cards', 'actions', 'renderCard', and environment variables (potentially through props). It also reads internal state values like 'pan' for gesture data.",
  "sinks": "Uses gesture data (dx, dy, vx, vy) for determining swipe actions, and invokes action callbacks like 'onAction' from props.actions. It also updates internal state and triggers animations. No direct data leaks or external network communications are observed.",
  "flows": "Gesture inputs (dx, dy, vx, vy) flow through gesture handlers to determine swipe direction, triggering associated actions via 'onAction' callbacks, which then control card animations and state transitions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures are present. The code uses standard React Native animation and gesture handling without obfuscation or unnecessary dynamic code execution. No anomalies detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a React Native component for swipeable cards with gesture recognition, animation, and customizable actions. It uses established libraries and practices, including Animated API and PanResponder, with proper handling of gesture thresholds and callback invocations. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. The code appears to be a standard implementation of swipe cards, focusing solely on UI interaction logic.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard React Native swipe card component with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It handles user gestures to perform UI actions and calls provided callback functions. There are no suspicious or malicious behaviors present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}