{
  "purpose": "This React Native component implements swipeable card interactions, including animations, gestures, and customizable actions for a card stack UI.",
  "sources": "Reads props for configuration, card data, and callback functions; accesses component state for gesture and animation data.",
  "sinks": "Calls callback functions like onAction, cardRemoved, onLoop; triggers animations; updates currentIndex; renders UI elements.",
  "flows": "User gesture inputs (drag/swipe) flow from gesture detection to action callbacks and animation completion; card data flows from props and state; callback results influence card flow.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. Usage of async/await in gesture release handler is appropriate; no dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present. No network activity or data leakage observed. The code uses standard React Native gesture and animation APIs with no suspicious modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code manages swipe gestures, card animations, and action callbacks in a standard React Native pattern. It properly handles gesture recognition, cancellation, and transition animations. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system access, or network communication is present. The logic is straightforward, with no hidden code or obfuscated patterns. Callback functions are user-defined and are called with the current card data; no suspicious behavior detected from these. The code’s design aligns with common React Native components for swipeable cards, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a standard implementation of a swipeable card component in React Native, with no malicious intent or security vulnerabilities identified. It functions as intended for UI interaction, with proper gesture handling and animation. No malicious or sabotage code detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}