{
  "purpose": "A utility function to perform an HTTPS GET request with customizable URL and headers, returning response data and status code.",
  "sources": "The function reads 'url' and 'headers' parameters as input data for the request.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted 'url' and 'headers' are used directly in the request, potentially leading to misuse if inputs are malicious, but no direct data leaks or malicious actions are evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('url', 'headers') flow into the 'https.get' call, with response data flowing into 'responseBody' and errors handled via promise rejection.",
  "anomalies": "Minor inconsistency: the code requires 'https' but assigns it to 'http', which is a naming issue but not a security concern. No obfuscation or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of an HTTPS GET request using Node.js's 'https' module. It accepts external inputs without validation, which could be a minor security consideration but is typical for such utility functions. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious patterns are present. Error handling is standard. The naming inconsistency ('http' variable assigned from 'https') is a minor bug but does not impact security. The code does not perform any obfuscation or contain hardcoded secrets. The malware score is 0, indicating no malicious intent. The security risk score is low (~0.2), reflecting minimal risk given the code's benign nature but acknowledging potential misuse if inputs are untrusted. Overall, the code is safe, clear, and standard for network request utilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard implementation of an HTTPS GET request function with no malicious or suspicious behavior detected. The minor naming inconsistency is noted but not a security issue. The assigned scores are appropriate; a slight increase in the security risk score to around 0.3 could be considered if input validation is a concern in production, but as-is, the code is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}