{
  "purpose": "This source code appears to define and export a collection of styled React components for layout and responsiveness, primarily for use in a UI framework or component library.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment detection variables, module import functions, and external React and styled-components modules. It also reads theme configuration and style properties from imported modules and environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include template literal style definitions that incorporate properties which could be manipulated if they were sourced from untrusted input, but currently seem static or controlled.",
  "flows": "The flow involves importing modules, defining styled components with theme-based media queries and layout properties, and exporting React components. No untrusted data flows from external sources to sinks are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code is highly complex, with extensive template literal usage for styling, but all styles seem statically defined. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network operations. No obfuscated or minified malicious code is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily initializes styled-components-based layout components (Container, Row, Column) with responsive styles. It checks for environment/module systems, imports React and styled-components, defines theme breakpoints, and creates styled layout components with media queries. No dynamic or untrusted data appears to be incorporated into styles or behavior. The code structure and naming are consistent with a UI layout library. No external network or data theft activities are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a static, stylistic component library for React, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It employs standard techniques for defining responsive styled components and does not include any suspicious code or external data flows. The likelihood of malware or sabotage is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}