{
  "purpose": "The code defines and exports a modular React component library that uses styled-components for styling and provides responsive layout components such as Container, Row, and Column.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from props passed to the React components (e.g., style properties, layout configurations). It also imports dependencies such as react and styled-components. No external data sources or environment variables are directly read.",
  "sinks": "Uses styled-components to generate CSS styles dynamically based on props; these styles are injected into the DOM. No untrusted data is directly written to network, filesystem, or external systems.",
  "flows": "Props received by React components are processed to generate CSS styles via styled-components. These styles are applied to DOM elements. There are no data flows to external systems or network sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code present. The CSS and component logic appear standard for a styled-component React layout library. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution observed. The code includes standard theme and breakpoint definitions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard React styled-components library defining layout components (Container, Row, Column) with responsive styles. It dynamically creates CSS based on component props, which is typical. The imported modules are conventional. There are no signs of malware such as network activity, system manipulation, or data theft. All code structures are clear and consistent with library code. No suspicious hard-coded secrets or hidden behaviors are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign React layout component library using styled-components. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The styling logic is standard, and no external communication or credential handling is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}