{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions to parse, normalize, and extract information from JSON schemas used in process specifications.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from function parameters such as 'schemas', 'processParameter', and 'process' objects, which are expected to be JSON objects or arrays. No external data sources or environment variables are directly read.",
  "sinks": "Data is processed within functions; no direct sinks like network, file system, or system commands are present. The code manipulates JSON objects and arrays without executing or transmitting data outside the process.",
  "flows": "Schemas are normalized and manipulated internally, with no indication of data flowing to external systems or network endpoints. The flow is confined to JSON object processing.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behaviors such as dynamic code execution, use of eval, or obfuscated code. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. The code appears to be straightforward utility functions with standard logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of static utility functions designed to process JSON schema objects: normalizing schemas, extracting callback parameters, and identifying data types. It relies on a 'Utils' module for common operations like type checking, array uniqueness, and object property omission. There are no suspicious patterns such as code injection, network activity, or system commands. The functions perform expected schema manipulations without side effects or malicious actions. Overall, the code seems well-structured, safe, and devoid of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard utility module for JSON schema handling with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not perform any network communication, file operations, or dynamic code execution. Its purpose is to parse and normalize schema data, which it does safely. Confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}