{
  "purpose": "The source code defines an Angular component for a customizable Bootstrap-styled progress bar, used to provide visual feedback on workflow or action progress.",
  "sources": "The code reads input properties such as 'value', 'max', 'type', 'height', 'showValue', 'animated', and 'striped' which are set via component inputs. It also uses an imported utility function 'getValueInRange' to sanitize the progress value.",
  "sinks": "The code dynamically sets style properties like 'height' and width percentages for the progress bar elements. It also sets ARIA attributes for accessibility. No direct data leaks or unsafe sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input properties feed into the 'getValue' and 'getPercentValue' methods, which determine the width and ARIA values for the progress bar. These are used in the template to render the visual progress indicator.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code uses straightforward Angular component patterns, utility functions, and dynamic styling. No obfuscation or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Angular component that renders a Bootstrap progress bar with customizable styles and values. It imports a utility function for value sanitization and sets visual styles dynamically based on input properties. No external data sources, network communication, or sensitive data handling are present. The use of inputs and utility functions aligns with expected best practices for such UI components. No anomalies or suspicious behaviors are detected. The component's purpose is purely to display progress visually.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a standard Angular progress bar component with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It solely manages presentation logic for progress indication. There is no evidence of malware or malicious data handling.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}