{
  "purpose": "The code manages scene geometry, physics setup, leak protection, and debugging features for a VR/AR environment, utilizing external plane detection and physics libraries.",
  "sources": "Reads input from scene attributes, plane polygons, and raycasting from a specified origin point.",
  "sinks": "Uses raycasting results for leak protection adjustments; modifies scene objects and physics bodies; creates geometries and applies materials.",
  "flows": "Scene data flows into geometry creation and physics setup; raycasting from rayOrigin to plane edges influences leak protection adjustments; scene updates reflect geometry and physics changes.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors detected; no hardcoded secrets or malicious patterns; reliance on external 'ratk' library is noted but not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive scene management component for VR/AR environments, performing geometry creation, physics configuration, and leak protection through raycasting. It imports 'RealityAccelerator' from an external 'ratk' library, which is non-standard and warrants verification. No signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or data leaks are present. The code is well-structured, purpose-specific, and uses standard practices. The primary security concern is the trustworthiness of the 'ratk' library; if malicious, it could introduce hidden behaviors. The malware score is set to 0, reflecting no evidence of malicious intent. The obfuscation score is 0, as the code is clear and readable. The security risk score is 0.2, acknowledging the dependency on an unverified external library.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate and purpose-driven, with no malicious activity detected. The main concern is verifying the trustworthiness of the external 'ratk' library before deployment. Scores are Malware: 0, Obfuscated: 0, Security Risk: 0.2. The overall assessment indicates a safe implementation with a dependency that should be validated for security assurance.",
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}