{
  "purpose": "The code implements an OpenAI chat agent with functions to handle message formatting, API requests, and streaming responses. It provides both real fetch and mock implementations for testing.",
  "sources": "Input parameters (params, namedInputs, system, messages, prompt, API keys), environment variables (API key), and fetch responses from external API.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to OpenAI API endpoint, console logging, JSON parsing, and callback invocation with streamed tokens.",
  "flows": "Input parameters and environment variables flow into API request setup; the request is sent to the API endpoint; responses (including streamed tokens) are processed; tokens are passed to callbacks and messages are assembled.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials found; no suspicious network domains (other than OpenAI); no obfuscated code; JSON parsing with try-catch appears standard; no unusual code behaviors. Some console logs for verbose output, but not suspicious. No backdoors or data exfiltration detected.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs message objects from input prompts and system messages, then sends a POST request to the OpenAI API. It handles streaming responses by parsing data line-by-line, pushing tokens into a buffer, and optionally invoking a callback for each token. The mock agent simulates token streaming. There are no indications of malicious code such as data theft, backdoors, or unauthorized network activity beyond the legitimate API call to OpenAI. Usage of fetch, JSON parsing, and async operations are standard. Environment variables like API key are used correctly, with no hardcoded secrets. The code appears designed solely for legitimate API interaction and testing purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as an OpenAI chat agent interface, with proper input handling, streaming response processing, and mock support. No malicious behaviors or security risks are evident. It follows standard practices without suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}