{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a syntax highlighting and code formatting utility, likely for displaying source code with syntax coloring in a web page. It defines functions for parsing and rendering code snippets with different language grammars.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the DOM, specifically from elements like <pre>, <code>, and <xmp>. It also processes class names and inline styles for syntax highlighting.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe sinks include setting innerHTML of created <PRE> elements and replacing node values with formatted code, which could be exploited if input is untrusted. It also manipulates DOM elements and attributes based on external classes and content.",
  "flows": "Input data from DOM elements (source) flows through formatting functions and is ultimately rendered into innerHTML or node values, which are the sinks. The code dynamically creates regexes and handlers for syntax highlighting, applying them to DOM nodes.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or hidden functions are present. The code includes complex regex parsing and dynamic language handler registration, but no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external connections are evident. The variables and functions are typical for syntax highlighters.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes syntax highlighting handlers for various languages, setting up regex-based parsers and tokenizers. It manipulates DOM nodes to apply syntax coloring. It defines utility functions for parsing strings, regexes, and HTML snippets, and integrates with the DOM for code display. There are no signs of data leakage, network activity, or malicious backdoors. The structure is consistent with open-source syntax highlighters. No external network calls, system data access, or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This script is a syntax highlighting utility designed to display code snippets with colored syntax in a web environment. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks based on its content. The complex regex and DOM manipulations are typical for such libraries, and there are no suspicious signals or malicious intent identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}