{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a syntax highlighting library, likely used for prettifying code snippets in web pages.",
  "sources": "Reads data from DOM elements, including class names, innerHTML, node values, and attributes. It also uses window object properties and the current document structure.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM elements, including inserting text nodes, replacing child nodes, creating new elements, and setting class names. It also creates and manipulates style and script tags within the DOM.",
  "flows": "Sources such as element contents and attributes flow into functions that process and generate formatted output, which then flows into DOM modifications (sinks). The processing functions interpret code snippets and apply syntax highlighting styles.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily obfuscated, making it difficult to verify the intent. It contains extensive use of dynamic DOM manipulation, regex parsing, and string processing. No explicit hardcoded credentials or backdoors are visible. The obfuscation itself can be suspicious if untrusted sources include it, but this is typical for minified libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified syntax highlighting library (possibly Prettify or similar). It defines functions to parse and highlight code syntax within HTML elements. The code reads innerHTML and class names to determine language and styling, then replaces or enhances the DOM elements to show formatted code. There are no network requests, no data exfiltration, or suspicious side effects visible. The obfuscation and extensive regex parsing are typical for such libraries, not indicative of malicious intent. The code does not contain backdoors, system modifications, or external network connections. The focus is solely on client-side syntax highlighting.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, obfuscated syntax highlighting library with no malicious behavior detected. Its obfuscated nature is typical for minimized code, not necessarily malicious. No signs of malware or security risks were found. Usage in an untrusted context should still be cautious due to obfuscation, but the code itself is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}