{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a syntax highlighting and code formatting utility, likely used for rendering source code snippets with styling for web pages.",
  "sources": "The code reads from the global 'window' object (e.g., window.prettyPrintOne, window.prettyPrint) and DOM elements (e.g., document.getElementsByTagName). It also accesses the 'navigator' object and current styles. The primary data sources are user-provided code snippets and DOM elements containing code.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to DOM elements, sets innerHTML, and manipulates class names and attributes. Potential sinks include innerHTML assignments and DOM node modifications based on parsed content.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources like DOM elements or function parameters through regex parsing and processing functions, ultimately resulting in setting innerHTML or creating/modifying DOM nodes with processed code snippets.",
  "anomalies": "The code is highly complex, minified, and includes extensive regex-based syntax parsing. There are no obvious hardcoded secrets or credentials. The use of dynamic DOM manipulation and innerHTML could pose XSS risks if input isn't sanitized, but the code itself does not directly inject untrusted input without parsing. The code's obfuscated nature could hide malicious behavior, but it primarily appears to be syntax highlighting logic.",
  "analysis": "The script is a syntax highlighting library (like Prettify) designed to format and display code snippets on web pages. It defines multiple language handlers, parsing rules, and utility functions for tokenizing source code. It uses regex to identify language constructs, then constructs styled HTML output. The code does not perform network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications. It mainly reads from DOM and sets innerHTML after syntax processing. The complexity and minification could obscure malicious intent, but no malicious network activity, system access, or backdoors are evident. The code's purpose is purely presentation of code snippets, with no clear signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the detailed analysis, this code is a syntax highlighting utility, not malware. It performs DOM manipulations and code parsing to style source code for display purposes. There are no indications of malicious activity, backdoors, or data exfiltration. Its obfuscated style is consistent with minified syntax highlighters, not malicious obfuscation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}