{
  "purpose": "Provide utility functions to convert callback-based functions into Promises, reject with errors, and set custom Promise implementations.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to the exported functions, particularly 'args' in 'promise', and the 'fn' function argument.",
  "sinks": "Invocation of 'fn.apply' with 'args', Promise rejection, and potentially changing the global Promise implementation.",
  "flows": "The 'promise' function takes a callback-based function 'fn' and data 'args', then creates a Promise that resolves or rejects based on 'fn's callback. The 'use' function assigns a new Promise implementation to the local 'Promise' variable, which affects subsequent promise creation.",
  "anomalies": "The code allows dynamic replacement of the Promise implementation via 'use', which could be exploited to inject malicious Promise behavior if an untrusted source supplies the Promise implementation. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious logic are present. The code itself appears to be straightforward utility functions.",
  "analysis": "The module provides Promise-based wrappers for callback functions, which is standard practice. It accepts 'args' and converts them into an array if necessary, then applies the function 'fn' with the provided context. The callback added to 'args' resolves or rejects the Promise based on 'err'. The 'use' function replaces the Promise constructor globally within the module scope, which could be exploited if an attacker supplies a malicious Promise implementation. However, this is a controlled API for customization, not inherently malicious. No evidence of malware or malicious intent is detected. The code does not perform any network operations, data exfiltration, or system modifications. It is a simple utility module with a potential risk if misused.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility for promisifying callback functions with an optional override of the Promise implementation. There is no explicit malicious behavior, but the ability to replace the Promise constructor could be abused if misused. Overall, the code appears safe but relies on the trustworthiness of the Promise implementation supplied.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}