{
  "purpose": "This code defines AngularJS directives, services, and a controller for documentation display, editing, and interaction within a web application.",
  "sources": "Reads include: user inputs in directives (e.g., attrs in sourceEdit), $document elements (script tags), URL parameters, and data embedded in variables such as loadedUrls and NG_DOCS.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include: appending scripts and styles to HTML (via string concatenation in openPlunkr and directive compile functions), form submission via formPostData, and DOM manipulations that could inject malicious scripts if untrusted data is used.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data from URL params, user input attrs, or embedded variables can flow into HTML or script tags created dynamically (e.g., in openPlunkr and directive compile), and into form data for submission. The code concatenates these inputs into HTML strings for DOM insertion or form data, creating potential injection points.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors detected. The code includes dynamic HTML generation with string concatenation, which could be risky if inputs are untrusted, but inputs appear to be controlled or sanitized internally. No suspicious external domains are contacted directly except for disqus integration, which is standard. Use of AngularJS features is typical. No obfuscation or malware-like behavior evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages AngularJS directives, service factories, and controllers for documentation and example rendering, including dynamically generating HTML content for embedding examples and submitting forms for Plunkr. The code dynamically constructs HTML snippets with user-supplied data but uses escape functions where appropriate and standard AngularJS practices. External scripts are loaded from known sources. No evidence of malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The potential risk exists if inputs like attrs in sourceEdit are manipulated maliciously, but the code appears to sanitize or control data flow reasonably.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical AngularJS-based documentation system with dynamic content generation. There are no clear signs of malicious behavior or malware. Some dynamic HTML construction could be a security concern if inputs are compromised, but current code structure suggests controlled usage. Overall, the code does not exhibit malicious intent but should be reviewed in context for trustworthiness of data sources.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}