{
  "purpose": "The code dynamically injects SVG icon definitions into the webpage and conditionally inserts CSS styles for icon display, likely for icon font rendering.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the last <script> tag's 'data-injectcss' attribute; it accesses DOM elements such as script tags, document, and dynamically created divs and SVG elements.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include document.write() for injecting CSS, DOM manipulation for injecting SVG symbols, and modifying document structure which could influence page content or behavior.",
  "flows": "The script reads the 'data-injectcss' attribute from the last script tag (source), then conditionally injects CSS into the document (sink) via document.write(). It also creates a div, inserts SVG symbols into the DOM, which can affect page rendering and content display.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes dynamic injection of SVG icon definitions and CSS styles, but does not access or transmit data externally, nor does it contain hardcoded secrets. It uses document.write() conditionally, which could be used maliciously if misused, but here appears to be for styling purposes.",
  "analysis": "The script retrieves the last script element's 'data-injectcss' attribute to determine whether to inject CSS styles for '.svgfont' class. If not already injected, it adds a style block defining the icon font styles. It then sets up a DOMContentLoaded event listener (or fallback) to create a hidden div containing SVG symbol definitions, which are injected into the body. The SVG symbols are static icon definitions, not generated dynamically. No external network requests, data collection, or malicious behavior is evident. The only concern could be the use of document.write(), which is generally discouraged but not inherently malicious. Overall, the code is for icon font management, with no signs of malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily injects SVG icon symbols and associated CSS styles for icon font rendering. It does not perform any malicious actions such as data exfiltration, remote code execution, or system manipulation. Its purpose appears to be purely for UI icon management. No malicious intent or suspicious behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}