{
  "purpose": "The code injects SVG icon symbols into the document and conditionally injects CSS styles for SVG icons. It also dynamically appends a hidden SVG element containing icon definitions into the DOM for use elsewhere in the webpage.",
  "sources": "The script reads the last script tag's 'data-injectcss' attribute to determine whether to inject CSS styles. It also reads the entire inline SVG string embedded in the code for icon definitions.",
  "sinks": "The code writes styles into the document via document.write if 'data-injectcss' is present, and appends a hidden SVG element into the body for icon usage.",
  "flows": "The script checks for the 'data-injectcss' attribute in the last script tag; if present and not already injected, it injects CSS styles. It then waits for DOM readiness, creates a hidden div, inserts the SVG icon symbols, and appends it to the document body.",
  "anomalies": "The code conditionally writes CSS styles into the document, which could potentially be misused for injection or styling manipulation if misconfigured. The SVG icon set is extensive but appears to be static icon definitions with no malicious content. The script dynamically appends elements in a way typical for icon font setup but could be exploited for obfuscation if the SVG contents were malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script begins by retrieving the 'data-injectcss' attribute from the last script element, which controls whether a style block for SVG icons is injected. If not already injected, it writes a style block that defines the appearance of icons. It then defines a function to wait until the DOM is fully loaded or ready, and upon readiness, creates a hidden div, sets its innerHTML to the large SVG symbol string, and appends it to the document body. This setup allows icons to be used via CSS classes elsewhere in the webpage. The SVG symbols are static and do not contain any embedded scripts or external references. The conditional style injection and appending of SVG symbols are common in icon font setups; no dynamic or suspicious external activity is evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation for embedding SVG icon fonts into a webpage, controlled by an optional attribute. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage; it performs static content injection for UI icons. Its structure and behavior are consistent with common icon font practices, with no indications of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}