{
  "purpose": "This code dynamically injects SVG icon font symbols into the webpage and optionally injects CSS styles for icon styling. It appears to set up icon font symbols for use within the page, probably for UI icons.",
  "sources": "Reads from the last <script> tag's 'data-injectcss' attribute to decide whether to inject CSS styles. Also reads the document's DOM for script tags and SVG elements for injecting SVG icon symbols.",
  "sinks": "Injects styles into the document and inserts SVG elements into the DOM, which are typical sinks for rendering icons. No untrusted user input or external data sources are directly involved in these operations.",
  "flows": "If 'data-injectcss' is present, it writes CSS styles into the document. It also appends SVG symbols into the DOM, setting up icon fonts for later use. No data flows from external sources to sensitive sinks with untrusted input; operations are static.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are present. The code dynamically inserts SVG symbols and styles for icons, which is typical. The only conditional logic depends on a script tag attribute, not external data. No obfuscated or malicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code first retrieves the last script tag's 'data-injectcss' attribute to determine if CSS styles should be injected. If so, it injects a style block defining icon font styles. Then it loads the SVG symbols into the DOM within an hidden SVG element, allowing icon usage via referencing symbols. The code handles DOMContentLoaded or equivalent events to defer DOM modifications until ready. No external data fetching or suspicious behaviors are observed. The SVG symbols are static, pre-defined icon graphics, with no signs of malicious code or data leaks.",
  "conclusion": "This script primarily sets up SVG icon fonts and optionally injects CSS styles for their display. It operates statically and does not perform any malicious actions or data exfiltration. It appears to be a standard icon font setup code, with no malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}