{
  "purpose": "The code injects SVG icon definitions into the webpage, providing inline SVG symbols for various icons, and optionally adds CSS styling for icon display.",
  "sources": "Reads include the last <script> element's 'data-injectcss' attribute and the inline SVG string embedded within the script.",
  "sinks": "The code writes CSS styles into the document via document.write(), modifies the DOM to insert SVG symbols into the body, and potentially executes code depending on script attributes.",
  "flows": "The script checks the 'data-injectcss' attribute of the last <script> tag. If present and not already injected, it adds style rules. It then creates a <div>, sets innerHTML to the SVG string, and appends it to the body. The CSS injection influences how icons are styled when used in the page.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external connections are present. The SVG symbols are static, and the CSS injection is conditional on the script attribute. The code's sole purpose appears to be icon setup. No obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution beyond DOM manipulation, and no hidden network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily injects SVG icon symbols and optional CSS styles into the document, based on a 'data-injectcss' attribute in the last script tag. It uses standard DOM methods such as document.write() and DOM insertion, with checks for document readiness. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data theft, or system modifications. The SVG definitions are static, and the CSS is safely inserted into the document. The logic is straightforward, and no anomalies or suspicious behaviors are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code serves to embed SVG icon definitions and optional styling into the webpage, with no evidence of malicious intent. It is a standard method for managing inline icon fonts and styles, with no security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}