{
  "purpose": "The code dynamically injects SVG icon symbols into the webpage, defines CSS styles for SVG icons, and ensures these styles are added only once. Its primary function is to embed icon SVGs for use in UI components.",
  "sources": "The script reads the 'data-injectcss' attribute from the last <script> tag, which determines if CSS should be injected. It also creates a <style> element with CSS rules. It accesses the DOM to insert SVG symbols into the document body.",
  "sinks": "The code writes a <style> element into the document, modifying its CSS styles, and inserts SVG symbols into the DOM. It does not send data over network, access external domains, or interact with system resources.",
  "flows": "The script checks for 'data-injectcss' attribute to decide CSS injection. If enabled, it injects style rules into the document head. It also appends an SVG element with multiple icon symbols into the document body, setting attributes to hide it visually.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity detected. The code primarily injects SVG icons and CSS styles. It does not perform any external network requests or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code begins by extracting the last <script> tag and checking for a 'data-injectcss' attribute. If present and not already injected, it writes CSS styles for icon font display into the document. It then sets up DOMContentLoaded event handling to insert a hidden SVG container with numerous icon symbols into the document body. This container contains multiple inline SVG symbols with icon paths, used for icon rendering within UI. There are no external data transfers, system calls, or suspicious behaviors observed. The code is solely for SVG icon embedding and style injection, which is a common practice in web development.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a benign utility for injecting SVG icon symbols and associated CSS styles into the webpage. It operates purely on DOM manipulation for UI purposes, with no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}