{
  "purpose": "This script orchestrates font generation using external tools (fontforge), copying source files to a temporary directory, executing fontforge with a script, and parsing the JSON output to retrieve the generated font filename.",
  "sources": "Reads font source files from disk, copies them to a temporary directory, and receives output from the fontforge process via stdout.",
  "sinks": "Writes files to the filesystem, sends JSON parameters to the fontforge process via stdin, and logs verbose output from stdout and stderr.",
  "flows": "Copies source files to temp directory -> Sends JSON parameters to fontforge process via stdin -> Fontforge executes and outputs JSON result via stdout -> Parses JSON to obtain font filename.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code patterns. Uses standard external process invocation and error handling. No obfuscation or suspicious network activity detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard build automation tasks involving external process execution, file handling, and JSON parsing. Error handling is comprehensive, including detection of missing fontforge installation and invalid JSON output. No malicious or suspicious behavior is evident. The process execution relies on untrusted input, but this is typical for build scripts and does not constitute malicious activity. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscation or backdoors. The only potential concern is the handling of unvalidated input data, which could be misused but does not appear malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a legitimate build utility for font generation, with no signs of malicious intent or obfuscation. The low malware score (0) and obfuscated score (0) are appropriate. The security risk score is marginally above zero (0.2) due to external process invocation with untrusted inputs, which is standard in such scripts but warrants cautious handling. Overall, the code is safe and well-structured.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}