{
  "purpose": "This code appears to facilitate Wi-Fi scanning and data collection, likely for drone or network management purposes, including periodic scans and event-driven data handling.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data from function parameters, uses require() to load 'carrier', 'child_process', and local 'WifiEmitter'; executes system command '/sbin/iwlist' for Wi-Fi scanning; receives data via event listeners from 'WifiEmitter'.",
  "sinks": "Processes and stores Wi-Fi scan results in internal data structures; logs errors to console; no evident data leaks or network connections initiated from this code.",
  "flows": "Configuration input -> Wi-Fi scan command execution -> carrier.carry processes output -> data stored in internal array; event-driven Wi-Fi data updates -> data stored; error handling logs errors.",
  "anomalies": "Code performs system command execution for Wi-Fi scanning, which can be a security concern if misused. No hardcoded credentials or secrets found. The use of 'child_process.spawn' is standard, but reliance on system commands ('/sbin/iwlist') could pose risks if the environment is compromised. No suspicious network connections or data exfiltration observed. The code does not obfuscate or intentionally conceal behavior.",
  "analysis": "The script provides Wi-Fi scanning capabilities using a system command, with an event-based approach for real-time data collection. It includes configuration options for periodic scans and Wi-Fi data emission. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are detected. The only potential concern is executing system commands, which requires environment trust. Error handling is limited to console logging. Overall, the code's intent aligns with legitimate Wi-Fi monitoring functions, with no malicious indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Wi-Fi scanning and data collection module with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It relies on system commands and event-based data handling, which are typical for such functionality. No suspicious activity, backdoors, or data leaks are evident. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}