{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Video.js plugin called ShuttleControls, which provides advanced video playback controls, including keyboard shortcuts, frame-by-frame navigation, in/out marker setting, and playback rate adjustments.",
  "sources": "Data is read from user input events (keydown), player state (currentTime, playbackRate), and DOM elements (button clicks, markers). The plugin also reads configuration options from the passed options object and package.json version.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted data (e.g., keyboard events) are mishandled, but no untrusted data is sent over network or written to files. DOM manipulations are local. The code does not send data externally.",
  "flows": "Keyboard inputs trigger control functions; these modify player state and DOM markers; playback rate changes and time updates are internal; no external data flows are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors. The silencePromise function suppresses promise rejections but is benign. Marker styling and control handlers are standard. No obfuscated code or unexpected dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured Video.js plugin implementing video controls with key bindings, marker creation, and playback management. All functions perform expected control operations. There are no external network calls, data exfiltration, or suspicious behaviors. The functions handle user interactions locally, and there is no evidence of malware or malicious intent. The code appears to be legitimate plugin code designed for enhanced video controls.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Video.js plugin for advanced shuttle controls. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or security risks. No malware signals detected. It is safe for use, with a low malware score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}