{
  "purpose": "This code processes QUEST-like auditory threshold data, computes intensities at various detection probabilities, and provides functions to evaluate Gumbel functions used in psychometric modeling.",
  "sources": [
    "Imports from 'util', 'lodash', 'fzero', and 'mathjs'.",
    "Input parameters: q1, q2 structures containing threshold estimates and parameters.",
    "Function arguments like tmean, lambda, gamma, alpha, beta, and x values."
  ],
  "sinks": [
    "Potentially sensitive data in q1 and q2 structures if they contain unvalidated inputs.",
    "Evaluation of mathematical expressions via math.eval, which could be exploited if inputs are maliciously crafted, but as inputs are internal or controlled, this risk is minimal.",
    "No network, file system, or environment variable interactions observed.",
    "No direct data leakage or external communication code."
  ],
  "flows": [
    "q1 and q2 are used to compute thresholds and parameters.",
    "Values like tmean flow into gumbelIntensities to calculate intensity levels.",
    "math.eval executes mathematical expressions based on inputs, producing outputs used downstream.",
    "fzero is used to solve equations, with the function makeFn passing values into gumbel functions.",
    "math.eval within PAL_Gumbel evaluates the Gumbel cumulative and inverse functions."
  ],
  "anomalies": [
    "Use of math.eval on dynamically constructed strings can be risky, but given controlled inputs, unlikely malicious.",
    "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present.",
    "No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors detected.",
    "The code relies on external modules, but these are standard and not suspicious by themselves.",
    "Some comments suggest possible manual overrides or parameter tuning but no malicious indicators."
  ],
  "analysis": "The code performs legitimate statistical and psychometric calculations for auditory threshold estimation. It uses standard mathematical libraries and external modules for numerical operations. No suspicious data flow, external network activity, or code obfuscation detected. The math.eval usage, while potentially risky if input data were malicious, appears controlled and internal. The purpose is scientific data processing, not malicious activity. No evidence of malware or malicious intent. The overall structure is typical for such analytical code, with no signs of sabotage or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate and designed for data analysis in psychophysics, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It processes and computes based on input data and mathematical models without external communication or secret harvesting.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}