{
  "purpose": "The code processes QUEST-like auditory threshold data, computing intensity thresholds using statistical analysis and Gumbel distribution functions, primarily for auditory experiment analysis.",
  "sources": "q1 and q2 input objects, which are structures produced by the QUEST procedure, providing threshold estimates and beta analysis; local variables derived from these objects and parameters.",
  "sinks": "Calls to math.eval with potentially untrusted input strings; usage of fzero to find roots based on dynamically generated functions; math.eval is a potential injection point if input is not sanitized, but in this context, the inputs are controlled within the code.",
  "flows": "Input structures q1 and q2 are used to derive threshold estimates (sources). These values are used to generate functions (makeFn) that are passed to fzero (sink) to find intensity thresholds (flows). math.eval is used within these functions to evaluate expressions, which could potentially process untrusted data but is internally generated from known parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. Usage of math.eval is controlled and derived from the program's internal variables. No suspicious network activity, file access, or external system interactions are detected. The code relies on standard libraries lodash, util, mathjs, and a root finder (fzero), none of which indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to perform statistical analysis on input QUEST data to compute intensity thresholds using Gumbel distributions. It dynamically creates functions for root-finding, but these functions are based on internally derived parameters, not external untrusted input. Usage of math.eval could be a concern if input strings were derived from untrusted sources, but here, the expressions are constructed from known variables and constants. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system compromise, or covert channels. The functions and libraries used are standard for scientific computation and do not contain hidden malicious code. Overall, the code's behavior is consistent with data analysis tasks without evident malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation for processing auditory threshold data, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It uses standard libraries and functions for mathematical analysis and root finding, with controlled inputs and no suspicious external interactions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}