{
  "purpose": "The code processes QUEST data to estimate auditory detection thresholds at various probability levels using statistical models and root-finding techniques.",
  "sources": "Internal QUEST data structures (q1, q2), parameters within these structures, and internally generated variables such as tmean.",
  "sinks": "The function 'math.eval' evaluates mathematical expressions constructed from internal parameters; no external sinks or data leaks are present.",
  "flows": "Input QUEST structures -> calculation of mean thresholds -> construction of expressions in 'math.eval' -> evaluation via 'math.eval' -> root-finding with 'fzero' -> output of threshold intensities.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'math.eval' with dynamically constructed strings derived from internal parameters; no external data or user input involved; no obfuscation or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard scientific computations for psychophysical threshold estimation. It uses external libraries ('lodash', 'mathjs', 'fzero') which are common in such contexts. The primary security concern is the use of 'math.eval' to evaluate expressions built from internal parameters, which could be risky if inputs were untrusted. However, in this controlled environment, inputs are internal and not influenced by external sources. No network activity, file I/O, or environment manipulation is present. The code does not contain obfuscated or malicious code, nor does it exfiltrate data or perform sabotage. The malware score is appropriately set to 0, indicating no malicious intent. The risk score of 0.2 reflects a cautious stance due to the use of 'math.eval', but given the controlled inputs, this is acceptable. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate scientific module for psychophysical threshold estimation. It does not contain malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation. The only minor concern is the use of 'math.eval' with internally generated expressions, which poses minimal risk in this context. The current scores of malware=0, obfuscated=0, and risk=0.2 are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}