{
  "purpose": "The code appears to set up a graphical interactive visualization tool using WebGL via regl, allowing panning, zooming, and drawing lines within a defined view box. It also manages a 'planner' object for updating and adding boxes, possibly for spatial or geometric planning.",
  "sources": "Code reads input from user events (mousedown, mousemove, mouseup), DOM elements (button click), and window resize events.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies the 'plan' object, updates the view box, and renders graphics, but does not directly interact with external systems or network resources.",
  "flows": "User interactions (click/drag) update the view center; 'clear' button resets the plan; 'calculate' updates plan with new boxes; graphical rendering uses data from plan and view state.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are detected. The plan object is recreated via 'plan = planner()' which appears normal. There is no code performing network communication, file access, or hidden data exfiltration. The code structure is straightforward, with no obfuscation or unusual dynamic execution.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes graphical rendering with regl and manages a visual viewport. User events modify the view center and trigger plan updates. The 'plan' object is created via 'planner()', and subsequently re-initialized on 'clear'. The code employs standard event handling for mouse interactions and DOM manipulation. There are no signs of malicious intent such as network connections, data exfiltration, or embedded backdoors. All functions serve graphical and spatial management purposes, with no hidden or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a visualization tool with plan management, graphical rendering, and user interaction handling. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided snippet. No malware or security threats are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}