{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Grunt task to compile Ember.js templates by loading external scripts into a VM context, precompiling templates, and writing the output to files.",
  "sources": "Reads local files 'handlebars.js' and 'ember-template-compiler.js' from the filesystem.",
  "sinks": "Executes external scripts within a VM context and writes compiled templates to output files.",
  "flows": "Reads template files -> loads scripts into VM -> executes precompile -> stores compiled output -> writes to destination.",
  "anomalies": "External scripts are loaded from local files and executed without validation or integrity checks; reliance on external files introduces supply chain risk.",
  "analysis": "The code loads trusted external scripts into a VM sandbox and executes them to compile templates, with no malicious code or obfuscation detected. The use of VM provides some isolation, but executing external scripts without validation could be risky if those files are compromised. The external scripts are stored locally, reducing the risk of network-based attacks. The main concern is supply chain integrity; if the external files are tampered with, malicious code could be executed during build. The malware score is set at 0.1, reflecting low but present risk due to external dependencies. The risk score of 0.4 accounts for potential supply chain issues. No obfuscation is detected. Overall, the code itself is safe, but external script trustworthiness is critical.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build task that safely loads external scripts into a VM for template compilation. The primary security concern is the integrity of external files; if compromised, malicious code could run. Scores are appropriately low for malware, with moderate risk reflecting supply chain vulnerabilities. Implementing checksum verification for external scripts would mitigate this risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.1,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}