{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions for generating random values of various types, such as integers, floats, booleans, strings, colors, dates, and more, primarily for use in simulations, testing, or random data generation.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include: crypto.getRandomValues() for secure random integers; Math.random() for floating-point numbers, booleans, and string generation; function parameters for user-provided ranges, arrays, objects, and options.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include: returning generated random values, which are mostly used internally; no external network or file output observed; no external data exfiltration or sensitive data handling is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from source functions (e.g., crypto.getRandomValues(), Math.random()) through various transformation functions (e.g., int, float, string) and into return statements. No untrusted external data enters the system, and outputs are purely random data generation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors detected. Usage of cryptographically secure random number generator (crypto.getRandomValues()) is correct. All code appears to be standard utility functions for random data generation. No obfuscated code, unusual language features, or suspicious dynamic execution is present. Error handling in binomial function is appropriate but straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises a set of functions for generating random values using both cryptographically secure and standard pseudo-random methods. The functions are well-structured, with parameter validation and options for flexible random data generation. No signs of malicious payloads, data exfiltration, or harmful side effects are present. The only notable aspect is the use of crypto.getRandomValues() for secure integers, which is standard for cryptographically secure random generation. No external network, file operations, or environment variable access that could be malicious is observed.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a collection of random data generator utilities with no malicious behavior or sabotage detected. It appears safe and intended for benign purposes such as testing or simulation. No malware indicators or security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}