{
  "purpose": "This code initializes and exports a client for interacting with the Sogni API, including setting up providers, configuration, and importing various modules related to accounts, projects, stats, and utilities.",
  "sources": "Configuration parameters (config object), imported modules, and external dependencies such as 'ethers'. No direct user input handling present.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to external endpoints ('https://api.sogni.ai' and 'wss://socket.sogni.ai'), creation of provider instances, and access to network chain ID. No explicit data leaks or sensitive data handling observed.",
  "flows": "Configuration data flows into constructor and static createInstance method, influencing network endpoints, provider setup, and logging. Data from provider (chainId) flows into EIP712Helper instantiation. No user input or untrusted sources are explicitly processed.",
  "anomalies": "The code is mainly boilerplate for setting up a client with external API endpoints and network providers. No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or suspicious code patterns detected. Usage of dynamic provider setup is standard for blockchain integrations.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a client object for the Sogni API, initializing network providers based on configuration. It uses standard libraries ('ethers') and imports various modules for account management, projects, stats, and utilities. The network endpoints are hardcoded defaults but are configurable. No user input processing, cryptographic operations, or sensitive data handling are evident. No obfuscated or minified code, nor suspicious behavior such as data exfiltration, malicious network connections, or backdoors. Overall, it appears to be standard API client setup code.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical setup for a blockchain API client, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It only manages configuration and module imports for interacting with external services. The security risk and malware scores are very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}