{
  "purpose": "This code imports and re-exports various modules related to graphai and its agents, and combines certain agent modules into an 'agents' object for further use.",
  "sources": [
    "require statements importing modules like 'graphai', '@graphai/agents', '@graphai/agent_filters', '@receptron/test_utils', '@graphai/extra-agents'.",
    "Object spread operation merging defaultAgents and extraAgents.",
    "Iteration over entries of the packages object to filter for properties with 'agent' in their value."
  ],
  "sinks": [
    "Assignment of filtered agent modules to the 'agents' object, which could potentially be used elsewhere.",
    "Potential use of imported modules and the resulting 'agents' object in the larger application."
  ],
  "flows": [
    "Require statements load modules into the environment.",
    "Modules are combined into objects, and filtered entries are assigned to 'agents'."
  ],
  "anomalies": [
    "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious functions are present.",
    "The code only performs module imports, object merging, and filtering based on property keys.",
    "No dynamic code execution or network activity observed."
  ],
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs static module imports and exports, and creates an 'agents' object based on filtering module properties. All operations are straightforward and typical for modular JavaScript code organization. There are no signs of obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or data leaks. It does not include any network activity, cryptography, or data collection functions. The filtering based on 'agent' property is benign, aimed at organizing modules. The initial use of helper functions is standard for transpiled TypeScript or module compatibility and does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard module setup for a JavaScript project involving graphai agents. There are no malicious behaviors, suspicious anomalies, or security risks identified. It is a typical import-export and object composition pattern, with no signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}