{
  "purpose": "Build, copy assets, bundle packages, and release via tagging and npm publish in a JavaScript project.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (NODE_ENV), package.json, and external modules; executes shell commands ('git', 'npm publish'); reads package data from filesystem.",
  "sinks": "External commands ('git.tag', 'git.push', 'npm publish') that could affect version control or package registry; environment variables influencing build behavior.",
  "flows": "Source data (package.json, environment variables) influence build and release commands; external commands (git, npm) are triggered based on these sources.",
  "anomalies": "Use of deprecated 'gulp.start'; execution of shell commands ('git', 'npm publish') in scripts; no obfuscation or suspicious code patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard build and release tasks: copying fonts and CSS assets, bundling packages with browserify, minifying in production, tagging releases with git, and publishing to npm. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. External command executions are typical in CI/CD pipelines but should be secured. The use of 'gulp.start' is deprecated but not malicious. No suspicious network activity or data leaks are detected. The malware score is 0, as no malicious intent is evident. The security risk score is low (~0.2-0.3), reflecting potential risks associated with executing external commands, but these are standard practices. Confidence is high (around 0.9), given the straightforward analysis and code clarity. Overall, the code is a standard automation script with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical build and release automation script with no malicious intent or security vulnerabilities. The assigned malware score of 0 and low risk scores are appropriate. External command execution should be managed securely, but this is standard in CI/CD workflows. No obfuscation or malicious activity is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}