{
  "purpose": "The code defines an AFRAME component to display scene statistics within a VR environment, primarily for debugging or performance monitoring.",
  "sources": "The code reads scene element data, component states, DOM elements (like statsEl, rscanvases, rs counters), and creates DOM elements and canvases for visual stats display.",
  "sinks": "Manipulation of DOM elements, creation of canvases and images, appending elements to scene/camera, and updating visual elements. No untrusted data is sent externally or to network.",
  "flows": "Data flows from scene components and DOM elements to visual representations (canvases, images), updating stats periodically based on rsvalues and rsids. No external network communication or data exfiltration occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors detected. The code uses standard DOM manipulation and AFRAME component structure; no obfuscation or uncommon language features. It includes standard VR scene stats display logic.",
  "analysis": "The script is a straightforward AFRAME component for displaying scene stats inside a VR environment. It initializes by hiding existing DOM stats, then creates an overlay panel attached to the VR camera. It periodically updates the stats display by reading values from DOM elements with classes like '.rs-counter-id' and '.rs-counter-value', and renders these onto canvases. No network activity, external data access, or malicious behaviors are present. The code uses standard JavaScript and AFRAME APIs, with no obfuscated or suspicious code patterns. It performs expected UI updates and DOM manipulations typical for performance or stats overlays.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears benign and intended solely for in-VR performance display purposes. No malicious or suspicious behaviors are detected, and it operates within normal parameters for a VR stats overlay component.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}