{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to convert and migrate process responses to the latest API version, handling schema upgrades, parameter restructuring, and link migrations.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters (response, process, obj, schema), external modules (Utils, Versions, MigrateCommons), and object properties such as process.parameters, process.links, process.examples.",
  "sinks": "Processes data mutation within deepClone, array mappings, property modifications, and schema transformations. No external network or system calls observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through deep cloning, transformation functions, and schema modifications, returning the processed objects. No data flows into external systems or network sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious variables. No indication of malicious privacy violations or data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code performs version-based data transformations, deep cloning to prevent mutation of inputs, and schema adjustments for API migrations. It uses safe practices like input validation, object type checks, and property manipulations. The functions upgrade schema structures, handle parameter conversions, and rename schema formats without executing external code or performing malicious actions. There are no signals of malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or malware activities. The code appears to be standard migration logic, with safeguards against altering original inputs. No network activity, data exfiltration, or system manipulation is detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate migration utility for API response data, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It strictly handles data transformations and schema upgrades, following safe coding practices.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}