{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to migrate process responses and process definitions to the latest API version, ensuring compatibility and schema consistency.",
  "sources": "Reads include input parameters for migration functions, such as 'response', 'process', 'version', and object properties like 'parameters', 'links', 'examples', and 'schema'.",
  "sinks": "Data flows into deep cloning functions, schema transformations, and link migrations. No direct sinks for untrusted data leading to system effects or data leaks are evident.",
  "flows": "Input data is cloned, validated, and transformed through version comparisons, schema modifications, and array/object processing. Data from inputs flows through conversion functions to produce migrated objects.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behaviors, such as obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious code, are detected. The code relies on standard schema manipulation and version handling. No hard-coded secrets or suspicious network activity observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs structured data transformation for API response compatibility, with thorough deep cloning to prevent mutation. Version checks guide schema adjustments, including moving default values, renaming formats, and removing deprecated fields. The functions focus on schema evolution and data integrity. No suspicious or malicious logic, external network calls, or data exfiltration methods are present. The absence of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns indicates low risk. The code appears to be a legitimate schema migration utility with well-defined processing steps.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a schema migration utility that processes API response objects for version compatibility. It employs standard schema transformations and validation steps without any suspicious or malicious behavior. Overall, the code is safe and not indicative of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}