{
  "purpose": "This code parses, validates, and constructs metadata (metas) for command-line options related to encryption/decryption operations, managing user inputs and options for a CLI tool.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include command-line arguments (args), read through the 'sanitizeArgs' and 'buildMeta' functions. No external data sources are directly accessed within this code.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies 'metas' object properties based on input; potential sinks include the handling of 'file', 'content', 'iv', 'tag', and other options that influence encryption/decryption behavior, but no direct data leaks or unsafe operations are present within this module.",
  "flows": "Input command-line arguments flow through 'sanitizeArgs' to normalize and then into 'buildMeta', which updates 'metas'. Validation functions like 'checkSemantics' analyze 'metas' for correctness. No external system calls or network operations occur within this code.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to contain standard argument parsing and validation logic without suspicious or hidden behaviors. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments are present. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is detected.",
  "analysis": "The script performs argument parsing, validation, and metadata construction for CLI options. It manages flags, checks for required arguments, validates input formats, and warns or throws errors for improper configurations. All functions operate within a controlled scope without performing external network access, file manipulations, or system commands. The code appears to be a typical CLI argument parser with extensive validation for encryption-related options, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard argument parsing and validation module intended for managing CLI options for an encryption tool. There are no indicators of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It functions as expected for its purpose, with robust validation to prevent misconfigurations, but no malicious or sabotage code detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}