{
  "purpose": "Extend Express.Router with a 'group' method to dynamically load controllers from a specified directory and bind route handlers.",
  "sources": "Require statements for controller modules from './src/Api/Controllers', route method calls (get, post, put, patch, delete, head).",
  "sinks": "Require of controller modules which could execute malicious code if the directory contents are compromised; route handler functions invoked during HTTP requests.",
  "flows": "Require('./src/Api/Controllers') -> route method binding -> route invocation during HTTP requests.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic require from a fixed directory without input validation; no hardcoded secrets or obfuscation; reliance on external directory integrity.",
  "analysis": "The code extends Express.Router with a 'group' method that requires controller modules dynamically from a specific directory. It binds standard HTTP methods to controller functions. No malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The primary security concern is the potential for loading malicious modules if the controllers directory is compromised or contains malicious files. The code itself is straightforward and aligns with common modular Express patterns. The malware score is 0, as no malicious activity is evident. The obfuscated score is 0, given the code's clarity. The security risk score is moderate (~0.3-0.4), reflecting the reliance on external modules and the potential impact if the directory is compromised. The confidence score is high (~0.8-0.9) due to the code's transparency and lack of malicious indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard pattern for modular route grouping in Express.js, with no signs of malware or obfuscation. The main security consideration is ensuring the controllers directory remains secure and untainted. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate and consistent with the code's analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}