{
  "purpose": "The code implements a complex WebGL and procedural noise library, providing utilities for noise generation, color parsing, SVG path handling, and graphics resource management. It is designed for graphics rendering and procedural content creation.",
  "sources": "Environment objects (globalThis, window, self), environment variables, function parameters, and internal randomness sources such as Math.random and crypto.getRandomValues.",
  "sinks": "Internal data structures, WebGL resource management (textures, shaders, buffers), and procedural noise functions. No network, file, or system modification activity is detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from environment detection and parameters into noise, color, and WebGL resource functions, used internally for rendering, shader compilation, and procedural computations. No external data exfiltration or network activity is observed.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation and minification, complex nested functions, but no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or sabotage.",
  "analysis": "Static analysis reveals the code as a dense, heavily obfuscated utility library for WebGL, noise, and color processing. No network activity, data leaks, or system modifications are present. Obfuscation is consistent with minified or protected library code. The use of Math.random and crypto.getRandomValues is standard for such utilities. No hardcoded secrets or malicious payloads are detected. The high obfuscation score is justified, and malware activity is absent. The low risk score aligns with the lack of malicious signs. The code's purpose and behavior are legitimate, typical for graphics and procedural noise libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, complex graphics utility library with heavy obfuscation but no evidence of malicious activity or sabotage. The malware score should remain at 0. The obfuscation score is justified at approximately 0.8 due to minification. The overall security risk remains low (~0.2). Continuous source verification and dynamic analysis are recommended if source origin is uncertain.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}