{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React-based UI component library with context-driven Snackbar notifications, theming, and global styles for a web application.",
  "sources": "Inputs include React props, theme breakpoints, color configurations, and external dependencies such as @mui/material and @fontsource. No explicit external data reads are present beyond standard library usage.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve rendering React components and DOM elements, but no direct data leaks or system commands are observed. No network calls, file system modifications, or system commands are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from React state and props into UI components, primarily displaying snackbars and themes. No untrusted data flows into insecure system operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard React UI library setup, with theming, context, and snackbar management. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are found. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports various React hooks, Material UI components, and custom styling to create a themed notification system. The snackbar component manages open/close states with timers, uses context to handle snackbar list, and dynamically generates IDs for snackbars. No external network communication, file access, or system commands are included. The theming configuration uses color palettes and global style overrides, which are typical for UI libraries. There are no signs of malicious behavior, code injection, or sabotage. The code is structured, with standard React practices, and all components serve UI purposes only.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a React-based UI component library for snackbars and theming. No malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks are evident. It appears to be a legitimate, benign UI implementation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}