{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React-based UI framework with snackbar notification components, theme configurations, and global styles. It facilitates user notifications and styling for a web application using Material-UI components and custom themes.",
  "sources": "Imports from external libraries (@mui/material, react, @mui/icons-material, @fontsource) and internal component code including state hooks, effects, and context for snackbar management.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include rendering of UI components (Snackbar, Alert, Button, IconButton) and the creation of context and theme providers. There are no obvious data leak points or external data transmission functions.",
  "flows": "User interactions like clicking close buttons or actions trigger state updates and component unmounts. Snackbar visibility is controlled via timers and user actions. No flow indicates untrusted data flowing into security-sensitive sinks such as network or file system operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard React component code for UI notifications and theme management. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, remote connections, or system modifications are evident. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical React implementation of snackbar notifications with theme and style setup. It uses standard hooks, context, and component patterns. The global styles and theme configurations are static and do not include any external data handling or sensitive operations. The snackbar system manages UI messages internally, with no evidence of malicious data processing. The code lacks any suspicious network calls, data leaks, or backdoors. It is well-structured, following conventional React and Material-UI patterns, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard React UI component implementation for notifications and styling. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks based on the provided source. The code is safe and intended for user interface purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}