{
  "purpose": "This code dynamically adds an inline SVG element containing multiple icon definitions to the document, primarily for visual UI elements such as icons and buttons.",
  "sources": "The code reads document.readyState, document.body, and location.protocol.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies the DOM by appending an SVG element and potentially modifies 'use' elements' href attributes.",
  "flows": "On DOMContentLoaded, it creates and appends an SVG element with predefined icons. If the protocol is 'file:', it updates 'use' elements' href attributes to avoid external references.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes a conditional check for 'file:' protocol to modify 'use' elements, which may indicate an attempt to avoid external resource loading. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The SVG content appears to be static icon definitions without malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes by adding icons as inline SVG elements with predefined graphical content. It sets the SVG display to 'none' and adds event listener for DOMContentLoaded if necessary. The 'updateUseElements' function adjusts 'use' tags' href attributes to be local references if the page is loaded via 'file:'. There are no suspicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, system commands, or network connections. The code solely manages icon definitions for UI purposes and handles local resource referencing. It does not contain obfuscation, malware, or malicious logic. The minimal check for 'file:' protocol suggests some precaution regarding external resource loading but is not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign implementation for injecting SVG icon definitions into a webpage. It contains no malicious behavior or security risks. Its purpose appears purely for UI enhancement, with a slight precaution for local file contexts. No signs of malware or security issues detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}