{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP) neural network implementation, including model initialization, training, prediction, and configuration adjustment.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from 'settings' object during initialization ('input', 'label', 'hidden_layer_sizes', 'n_ins', 'n_outs', 'w_array', 'b_array'), and during training ('lr', 'epochs'). Data flows through 'x' and 'y' properties, as well as internal layer outputs during training and prediction.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can influence weight ('W') and bias ('b') updates, as well as input ('x') and labels ('y'). No explicit data leak or insecure output functions are present, but the code updates model parameters directly based on input data. There is no evidence of data exfiltration, network communication, or system modification.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'settings' into model parameters and input data. During training, input flows through layers during forward pass; errors are backpropagated to update weights and biases. The predict function also processes data through layers. No external sinks like network or file system are present.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors are detected. The code uses dynamic inputs and standard neural network computations. No obfuscation, unusual variable names, or unnecessary dynamic code constructs are found. Logging level controls verbosity, not malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs an MLP with configurable hidden layers and activation functions. It performs standard forward propagation, backpropagation, and parameter updates based on input data. It also includes functions for training, predicting, and configuring settings. The usage of 'require' indicates dependence on external modules ('./utils') and a 'HiddenLayer' class, but nothing suspicious about their use. No network communication, data exfiltration, or malicious system modifications are evident. The logic follows typical machine learning procedures. No signs of malware or malicious intent are present.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a neural network model with standard features. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data leaks. Its purpose is for machine learning tasks, and it operates within the expected scope. No security risks or malware signals are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}