{
  "purpose": "The provided code primarily implements Angular directives, modules, pipes, and services intended for UI enhancement, data masking, and utility functions in an Angular application.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from DOM elements, Angular inputs, router events, and observables. It does not read from external sources or untrusted input streams.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates DOM elements, subscribes to observables, and emits events. No sinks involve writing to files, network, or system resources directly.",
  "flows": "Data flows from DOM inputs, Angular inputs, and router events into internal functions and observables. There is no evidence of data being sent over the network or maliciously manipulated outside typical Angular behavior.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code is heavily focused on UI interactions, input masking, and event handling. No obfuscated or suspicious language features. The utility functions are standard and do not perform any unusual operations.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple Angular directives, modules, and pipes aimed at enhancing user interface behaviors such as input masking, viewport detection, outside click detection, and route matching. The 'untilDestroy' operator adds lifecycle management to components, and the 'MaskHelper' class manages complex input masking logic. No network requests, file manipulations, or system-level operations are present. The code includes common patterns for Angular applications, with no signs of data exfiltration, remote code execution, or hidden backdoors. The only potential concern is the extensive use of DOM manipulation and event handling, which are standard in Angular but should be reviewed in context to ensure they do not facilitate XSS or other injection vulnerabilities. Overall, the code appears benign and focused on UI functionality without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of Angular UI utility modules and directives with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs standard UI operations, input masking, event handling, and route matching. There are no suspicious network calls, data exfiltration, or backdoors detected. The overall security risk is minimal, and the malware score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}