{
  "purpose": "The code provides various Angular directives, components, and utility pipes for common frontend functionalities such as masking inputs, viewport detection, routing, event handling, and data transformation. Its primary purpose is to enhance user interface interactions and data formatting within Angular applications.",
  "sources": "Inputs from Angular components and directives, such as user interactions (keydown, paste, input, focus, blur), DOM elements (nativeElement, elementRef), and Angular router events. Data is read from configuration properties like mask strings, filter terms, and pipe parameters.",
  "sinks": "Methods that update DOM elements (e.g., setting input values, toggling classes), emit events (EventEmitters), or execute validators. No direct data leak points or insecure data handling mechanisms are evident. No network or file system operations are present.",
  "flows": "User inputs and DOM events trigger functions that process and possibly transform data (e.g., masking, formatting). Data flows from user interactions into internal variables, which then update DOM elements or emit events. Routing events influence class toggling but do not involve external communication.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are detected. The use of symbols like 'destroy$' and custom operators appears standard. No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or code injection techniques are present. The code is mostly standard Angular utility code, with proper use of dependency injection and event handling. No unusual or malicious patterns observed.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple Angular directives, pipes, and modules intended for common UI functionalities. It includes utilities for handling DOM events, input masking, route-based class toggling, in-viewport detection, click outside detection, form validation, data filtering and grouping, and date/time formatting. The implementation appears conventional, using RxJS for reactive event handling, Angular decorators for component definition, and standard patterns for dependency injection. No suspicious network calls, dynamic code execution, or external data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. All code appears to serve legitimate frontend purposes, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of Angular frontend utilities and directives that enhance UI interactions and data presentation. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or sabotage within this code. It appears to be well-structured, standard Angular code without hidden or malicious functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}