{
  "purpose": "The provided code appears to be a collection of Angular modules, directives, pipes, and utilities intended for enhancing UI functionalities such as input masking, viewport detection, routing, and data formatting.",
  "sources": "Sources include Angular core modules, common modules, rxjs observables, date-fns functions, and other third-party libraries such as 'tslib'. Data inputs come from component inputs, event emitters, and Angular lifecycle hooks. No external data sources or user input processing outside typical Angular patterns are evident.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include DOM manipulations (adding/removing classes, setting input values, selection ranges), event emissions, and observable subscriptions. There are no indications of data leaks, system commands, or network communications within the code.",
  "flows": "Data flows are typical Angular data binding and event handling. Input data (such as mask strings, routing info, or filter criteria) is processed within directives and pipes and then rendered or emitted. No flow leads to untrusted external sources or insecure sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code segments are present. The code relies on standard Angular patterns. The only noteworthy aspect is the custom operator 'untilDestroy', which manages observable subscriptions to prevent memory leaks, not malicious behavior. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or network communications are detected. The code is well-structured and appears standard for Angular utility libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive set of Angular utilities and modules aimed at enhancing UI functionality. It includes directives for input masking, viewport detection, click outside detection, and route matching; pipes for filtering, grouping, truncating, and date formatting; and services for observing DOM intersection. All components operate within Angular's expected patterns. No signs of obfuscated, encrypted, or malicious code, such as network requests to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or system modification commands, are observed. The use of observables and event emitters is standard, and no anomalous behaviors or suspicious logic are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Angular utility library designed for common UI and data formatting tasks. There are no indicators of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. The implementation follows standard practices and does not contain malicious signals or hidden backdoors.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}