{
  "purpose": "This code provides various mathematical easing functions used for animations or transitions in JavaScript applications.",
  "sources": "The functions receive parameters t (current time), b (initial value), c (change in value), and d (duration). These are inputs from external sources (e.g., animation controllers), and some functions also accept optional parameters like s (overriding tension).",
  "sinks": "The functions compute and return numerical values for animated properties based on input parameters. No data is sent or stored externally within these functions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (t, b, c, d, s) flow through mathematical calculations to produce output values. No external data flows are evident, and no untrusted data is propagated to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded credentials, or malicious behaviors are present. The code consists solely of mathematical functions for easing calculations with standard formulas. No obfuscated code, network activity, or side effects are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple easing functions—oscillation, quadratic, cubic, quartic, quintic, sine, exponential, circular, elastic, back, and bounce—to facilitate smooth animations. The functions accept parameters that control the animation curve and produce numeric output based on standard easing formulas. The implementation appears standard, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious activity. The functions are deterministic and do not perform any network operations, file system access, or data leakage. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets or hidden behaviors are detected. The code is well-structured, using typical mathematical patterns for easing functions.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of standard easing functions used for animations, with no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It does not process or transmit untrusted data in a suspicious manner. The code appears safe and legitimate for inclusion in animation or UI libraries.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}