{
  "purpose": "Defines a GraphQL schema with a 'GetUser' query and executes a test query against it.",
  "sources": "The schema definition and the test query input, as well as the executeGraphql function processing the query.",
  "sinks": "The executeGraphql function processes the query, potentially interacting with untrusted data, but no malicious sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "Input query flows into executeGraphql, which processes it against the schema; no external data flows or malicious data flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of a top-level 'schema' field, which is valid but sometimes flagged; no hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a standard GraphQL schema with a 'Query' type and a 'User' type, including a 'schema' top-level field. The test executes a simple query to retrieve a user's name. No malicious payloads, obfuscation, or suspicious behaviors are present. The inclusion of the 'schema' field is valid in GraphQL but can be flagged; however, it does not indicate malicious intent. The executeGraphql function's internal implementation isn't provided, but based on context, it appears to process queries normally. The scores assigned in the critical reports (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, low security risk) are consistent with the benign nature of the code. No evidence suggests malicious activity, data leakage, or supply chain attack. The code is straightforward, and the only unusual aspect—the 'schema' field—is legitimate. Overall, the code is a benign test setup with minimal security concern.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign GraphQL schema and query execution setup with no malicious or obfuscated elements. The inclusion of the 'schema' field is valid and not malicious. The assigned scores (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: ~0.1-0.2) are appropriate given the evidence. No further action or concern is warranted.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}