{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Fastify plugin for Google reCAPTCHA verification, allowing server-side validation of reCAPTCHA responses to protect routes against automated abuse.",
  "sources": "Request body field 'g-recaptcha-response', request IP address (request.ip), plugin options including 'recaptcha_secret_key', and external HTTPS request to Google's API.",
  "sinks": "HTTPS request to 'https://www.google.com/recaptcha/api/siteverify' which receives data and processes the response, reply.status(403).send() for failed verification or errors.",
  "flows": "Request body 'g-recaptcha-response' and request.ip flow into the HTTPS request, which calls Google's API. The API response is parsed and checked; failures lead to sending a 403 response.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code structures, dynamic code, or obfuscated code. The only noteworthy aspect is the direct use of user input ('g-recaptcha-response' and 'request.ip') in an external HTTPS request, which is standard for reCAPTCHA validation. The secret key is expected to be configured via options, with a check ensuring it is a string.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a function for making HTTPS requests, then creates a Fastify plugin that decorates requests with a 'recaptcha' property. It validates the presence of a secret key and adds a preHandler hook to verify reCAPTCHA responses. The hook constructs a POST request to Google's reCAPTCHA API, including user response, secret key, and IP. The response from Google is parsed; if verification fails or scores are low, the request is rejected with a 403 status. Errors during the HTTPS request are caught and also result in rejection. The logic follows standard reCAPTCHA verification flow without suspicious modifications or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of server-side Google reCAPTCHA verification as a Fastify plugin. No malicious behavior or sabotage is detected. It correctly handles validation, errors, and external API calls without suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}