{
  "purpose": "This code provides an Angular module for a customizable loading indicator with service, component, interceptor, and module setup.",
  "sources": "Imports from @angular/core, rxjs, @angular/common/http, and @angular/platform-browser; usage of BehaviorSubject, Observable; and injection points for services and interceptors.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request interception via NgxLoaderInterceptor which tracks ongoing requests and updates the loader state.",
  "flows": "Requests are intercepted by NgxLoaderInterceptor, which adds them to a request list unless they match skip list; responses or errors remove requests and update loader state; the loader component subscribes to loader state and displays based on configuration.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors observed. No unusual dynamic code execution or obfuscation. Usage of standard Angular patterns and RxJS constructs. No external suspicious domain connections or system data access detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines Angular services, components, and interceptors to manage a visual loader during HTTP requests. BehaviorSubjects manage loading states, and the interceptor adds/removes requests from a list, updating the loader visibility accordingly. The loader component adjusts styles based on configuration. No code appears to perform malicious actions such as data theft, system modification, or network exfiltration. The code follows standard Angular and RxJS practices. The only noteworthy behavior is tracking HTTP requests for UI purposes, which is typical for loading indicators.",
  "conclusion": "This package appears to be a standard Angular loading indicator implementation with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It does not perform any unauthorized actions, data exfiltration, or system modification. It uses common patterns and dependencies consistent with legitimate UI loading components.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}