{
  "purpose": "The code provides a factory function to generate pseudorandom number generators (PRNGs) for geometric distribution, allowing customization of the underlying PRNG and distribution parameters.",
  "sources": "Code reads input from function arguments (probability p, options object), and from properties of the options object (prng, seed, state). It also accesses the internal state of the PRNG and configuration options.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include returning NaN for invalid inputs, and the use of internal functions to generate geometric distributed numbers. No data leaks or external communications are evident.",
  "flows": "Input arguments (p, options) flow into validation logic, setting PRNG, and distribution functions. Data flows from user inputs through validation to the internal geometric0 function, returning generated numbers. State management functions (get/set state) flow data to/from the internal PRNG object.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious behaviors detected. The code includes standard validation, property definitions, and well-documented functions. No obfuscation or malicious patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard factory pattern for creating geometric distribution PRNGs, with options to specify or replace the underlying PRNG. It performs validation on inputs, manages internal state, and provides serialization for the PRNG object. All operations are consistent with normal JavaScript practices, with no signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, hidden network activity, or sabotage. The functions and property definitions adhere to typical patterns for such modules. The use of external dependencies appears standard and benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured, legitimate implementation of a geometric distribution PRNG factory. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident. The code is safe for use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}