{
  "purpose": "Provides a factory function to generate pseudorandom number generators for the geometric distribution, with configurable options and PRNG management.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include optional arguments: probability parameter, options object, and custom PRNG functions. Internal modules and external dependencies are also sources for randomness and utility functions.",
  "sinks": "Output is a pseudorandom number generator function that produces geometric distributed numbers. PRNG state management functions and serialization methods could potentially leak internal states if misused, but are standard for PRNG modules.",
  "flows": "Inputs (probability, options, PRNG) flow into the factory function, influencing the creation and configuration of the PRNG. The internal generator functions use the PRNG to produce output values. State management functions allow external access to internal generator states, which are flows between external and internal components.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code primarily manages PRNG configuration and distribution functions. No suspicious network activity, external data transmission, or obfuscated code is present. Usage of external modules appears standard and legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard factory pattern for creating PRNGs specialized in geometric distribution. It validates inputs, handles different configurations, and manages PRNG states and serialization. No unusual or malicious logic is found; all functions and modules are typical for a secure random number generator library. No backdoors, data exfiltration, or suspicious behaviors are present. The dependencies are reputable, and the logic appears clean and intended for cryptographic or simulation use. Overall, the code aligns with normal implementation patterns without signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured, standard implementation of a geometric distribution PRNG factory. It does not contain malicious code or behaviors, and all observed activities are consistent with expected functionality for a secure, configurable pseudorandom generator library.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}