{
  "purpose": "Serve static files from the build directory using Express, including a default index page.",
  "sources": "Request URL path (req.path), environment variable HTTP_PORT",
  "sinks": "res.sendFile() function that delivers files from the server filesystem",
  "flows": "Request URL path → File existence check with fs.exists() → sendFile() response if file exists",
  "anomalies": "Use of deprecated 'mz/fs' for filesystem operations, minimal input validation on req.path, potential for directory traversal if not properly sanitized (though likely mitigated by filename check), no explicit validation or sanitization of filename beyond substr. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious external requests.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily serves static files from the build directory. It reads the request path, strips leading '/', and defaults to 'index' if empty. It checks if the file exists within the build directory before serving, which helps prevent some directory traversal issues, though reliance on filename substring extraction without further sanitization could be risky if not properly handled by fs.exists(). The code does not parse or evaluate untrusted input beyond filename construction. It does not contain suspicious external requests, backdoors, or malicious payloads. The use of 'mz/fs' is modern but not inherently malicious; it does not introduce security issues by itself. Overall, the code performs typical static file hosting with a basic check for existence, without evident malicious behavior or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward static file server with minimal input processing. It does not exhibit malicious intent or suspicious behavior based on the provided code. There is no evidence of malware or malicious data flow. Minor concerns include potential directory traversal if the filename handling is insufficient, but the existence check mitigates this risk somewhat. Overall, it appears to be a standard, safe implementation for serving static files.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}