{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a React component module designed to render interactive charts using echarts, with utility functions for theming, data formatting, and chart configuration.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component props, fetches theme JSON files, and uses environment variables for theme names.",
  "sinks": "Data is processed and rendered via echarts and React, with no evidence of data leaks or unsafe data handling. No network or system modifications are performed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props into chart configuration functions, with theme JSON fetched based on environment variables, then into chart rendering components. User interactions may trigger chart updates but no malicious data flows are identified.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes complex, lengthy configuration objects and functions; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are evident. The only potential concern is the use of fetch for theme JSON, but it appears to be a standard dynamic import mechanism for theming.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React-based chart rendering component utilizing echarts. It uses standard React patterns, fetches external theme data, and applies various chart configuration options. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or malicious network activity is present. The data flow is predictable and intended for visualization purposes. No suspicious or malicious behaviors, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system sabotage, are detected. The complexity appears to be for customization and rendering logic.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate React chart component with dynamic theming capabilities. There are no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. The use of fetch for theme JSON and environment variables is standard practice for customizable themes. Overall, it poses no security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}