{
  "purpose": "This code provides statistical functions for metalog distribution modeling, simulation, copula-based random number generation, and related utilities for probabilistic analysis in a JavaScript environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments, external libraries (jStat), and internal variables such as selfIn and LibraryIn objects, as well as from generated random numbers and parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted input is used in sensitive calculations; however, the primary outputs are statistical results (quantiles, probabilities, simulated samples). No direct data exfiltration or system modification is evident.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data (e.g., random samples, input parameters) flow through statistical functions (metalog, p, q), copula sampling, and simulation routines, with internal transformations and calculations. No evident external network calls or system modifications occur.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code contains extensive statistical computations, but these are standard. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution is present. Logging statements are benign. The HDRando2 function implements a custom pseudo-random generator with a complex seed-based formula, which could be suspicious if misused, but appears to be a deterministic seed-based RNG. The use of 'console.log' for errors is harmless. No suspicious external dependencies or code injections are found.",
  "analysis": "The code provides statistical modeling and simulation functions including metalog distribution, copula-based sampling, and numerical methods (Newton-Raphson). It uses standard libraries (jStat) and mathematical operations. The functions appear to perform standard statistical tasks with no signs of malicious behavior. The random number generation with HDRando2 could be a concern if it were used maliciously, but it appears as a deterministic seed-based RNG, which is common in simulation code. No external network calls, file system access, or system modification code are present. The only potentially unusual aspect is the custom RNG, which could be misused if intended for malicious entropy generation, but in context appears as a utility for simulation. Overall, no malicious intent or sabotage behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of statistical functions for modeling, simulation, and copula sampling, implemented with standard libraries and deterministic RNG. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware signatures are identified. It appears as legitimate statistical utility code with no security risks beyond general use considerations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}