{
  "purpose": "The code implements statistical modeling functions for the metalog distribution, copula-based sampling routines, root-finding via Newton's method, and custom seed-based pseudo-random number generators for simulation purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, external objects such as 'selfIn' and 'LibraryIn', and seed values for RNG. It processes these inputs through mathematical functions, matrix operations, and sampling routines.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform external data exfiltration, network communication, or file I/O. Data flows internally through calculations and simulations, with no external untrusted data sinks.",
  "flows": "Input parameters and seed values are processed through mathematical functions (e.g., 'quantileMetalog', 'pdfMetalog'), RNG functions ('HDRando2'), and copula sampling routines, leading to simulated outputs such as distribution samples or quantiles.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or obfuscated code are present. The deterministic RNG ('HDRando2') is complex but standard for reproducible simulations. No suspicious code patterns or malicious payloads are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured statistical modeling library involving metalog distributions, copula sampling, and seed-based RNGs. It relies on external libraries like 'jStat' for matrix operations. The RNG functions are deterministic and designed for reproducibility, not malicious activity. No external communication, secrets, or obfuscation are present. The functions handle untrusted inputs in a mathematical context, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. Numerical stability issues are possible but not security-related.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate statistical simulation library with no evidence of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The deterministic RNG functions are standard for reproducibility in simulations. The overall security risk is minimal, and the code is safe for deployment when inputs are validated. The slight complexity in RNG functions does not constitute obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}