{
  "purpose": "The code implements an API client for making HTTP requests, handling responses, and managing errors with support for different request types and environment considerations.",
  "sources": "Input sources include user-provided parameters for URL query parameters, request bodies, headers, and environment variables. The code also reads from response headers and response body.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leakage or security issues could occur if sensitive data (e.g., API keys) are mishandled, but the code correctly sets API keys in headers. There are no sinks that directly send data over the network outside the intended fetch call or write to insecure locations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into URL construction, headers, and request bodies. Responses are processed, parsed, and returned, with error handling that throws exceptions based on response status. No unusual or hidden flows are present.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behavior detected. The code includes standard request handling, error processing, and environment checks. The code does not perform any obscure dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or hidden data exfiltration. Usage of dependencies like 'cross-fetch' and 'form-data' is typical for HTTP clients.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a structured API client that handles HTTP methods with configurable parameters, headers, and request options. It manages JSON and stream responses, and includes error handling for common HTTP error statuses. Environment checks for Bun and request timeout/error management are standard. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code are evident. No suspicious data leaks or external connections are observed beyond the intended fetch request.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured API client with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It responsibly manages data flow, handles errors appropriately, and does not contain obfuscated or malicious code. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}