{
  "purpose": "The provided code implements Vue components and utilities for integrating Mapbox GL JS features such as maps, controls, geometries, and geocoding, enabling interactive map visualization and manipulation within a Vue application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from component props, injected dependencies ('vmb_map', 'vmb_geogeometry', 'vmb_marker', etc.), and internal state variables. It also imports external libraries (mapbox-gl, '@mapbox/mapbox-gl-geocoder', '@mapbox/mapbox-gl-draw', 'fast-deep-equal', 'my-deferred).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include methods that add or remove controls and sources to/from the map (map.addControl, map.removeControl, map.addSource, map.removeLayer), event handlers (map.on, marker.on), and popup content setting (popup.setDOMContent). No explicit data leaks are evident, but these could be exploited if malicious code manipulates or injects data into these methods.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and injected dependencies into map operations (adding controls, sources, layers). Event listeners propagate events back via component emitters. There are source-to-sink flows where external inputs (props, slot content) influence map state (e.g., adding/removing layers, controls). The code updates geometries and layers based on props, and events are emitted on user interactions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. The code dynamically loads external libraries; however, no suspicious URL manipulations or domain connections are visible. No backdoors, hidden code, or obfuscated patterns are present. The code uses standard Vue and Mapbox practices, with no unusual or malicious code snippets. No unsafe eval or dynamic code execution observed. The licensing notice appears standard. No indication of malware such as system data exfiltration, reverse shells, or cryptomining is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured as Vue components wrapping Mapbox GL JS functionalities. It uses deferred promises for asynchronous map initialization, inject/provide for dependency sharing, and event duplication for propagating map events. Geometries and controls are managed through class hierarchies, with updates via props and internal state. No suspicious code segments or malicious behaviors are apparent. The code does not perform network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications. It adheres to standard patterns for map integrations and component design. External dependencies are library imports with known sources, and no malicious URL or script injections are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a comprehensive, well-structured Vue wrapper for Mapbox features, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It primarily manages map visualization, geometries, and controls safely without evidence of malware, backdoors, or security risks. The overall security risk is low, with high confidence in the safety of this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}