{
  "purpose": "This source code provides Vue.js components and utilities for integrating Mapbox GL maps and controls, including geocoders, markers, geometries, layers, and UI controls for a mapping application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from component props, injected dependencies, external libraries such as 'mapbox-gl', 'vue', and local modules like 'my-deferred'. It does not read from environment variables or user input directly.",
  "sinks": "Event emitters, map controls, and DOM manipulations serve as sinks. Notably, map controls and layers are added and removed, but no direct data leakage or unsafe execution is evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props and injected dependencies into map initialization, updates, and event handling. Map events are propagated via Vue emitters. Geometries and controls update map state based on props.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code predominantly uses standard map and control APIs. There is no evidence of obfuscated code or dynamic execution beyond typical Vue reactivity and map interactions. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration mechanisms are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive Vue 3 map component library wrapping Mapbox GL features. It employs safe programming practices, uses dependency injection, and manages lifecycle events properly. External dependencies are standard and well-known. No indicators of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage are identified. The code lacks any network calls, credential handling, or data leaks outside normal map control operations. It appears designed for map visualization with interactive features, with no suspicious anomalies.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Vue.js Mapbox GL wrapper library with extensive features for map controls, geometries, and interactions. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage signals. The structure and dependencies are typical for such applications. Overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}