{
  "purpose": "This code provides Vue.js components and utilities for integrating Mapbox GL maps, controls, geometries, and related features in a web application. It enables map rendering, geocoding, markers, geometries, and various controls through a structured component-based approach.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration props, injects and provides map and geometry instances, and interacts with Mapbox GL APIs for adding/removing controls, sources, layers, and events. It also processes input data for geometries and controls, and manages lifecycle hooks.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include adding/removing map controls and layers, setting data on sources, updating paint and layout properties, and handling events. These are used to manipulate map state based on untrusted data (props, slot content).",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and injected instances into Mapbox API methods (addControl, removeControl, setPaintProperty, setData, flyTo, etc). Event handlers emit Vue events and update internal state based on map interactions. Geometries update their options and data via props, which trigger layer/source modifications.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious logic found. The code primarily consists of standard Vue component patterns, Mapbox API interactions, and geometrical calculations. No hardcoded credentials or hidden network activity observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple Vue components for map, controls, geometries, and interactions. It carefully manages map lifecycle, adding/removing controls and sources, and updating properties. It uses promises (Deferred) for async map initialization. No dynamic code execution or network calls are visible outside Mapbox APIs. No signs of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious injections. It relies on standard Mapbox GL API calls and does not contain obfuscated or minified code that suggests malicious intent. The code's structure and purpose align with a well-organized map visualization library.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate and structured Vue.js integration of Mapbox GL functionalities without evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It mainly performs map setup, control management, geometrical computations, and event forwarding. No malicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}