{
  "purpose": "This code provides Vue.js components for integrating Mapbox GL maps, controls, geometries, and related features, aimed at building interactive mapping applications with customizable controls and geometries.",
  "sources": "External dependencies such as '@mapbox/mapbox-gl-geocoder/dist/mapbox-gl-geocoder.css', '@mapbox/mapbox-gl-draw/dist/mapbox-gl-draw.css', 'mapbox-gl', and various '@mapbox' related modules, as well as internal dependencies like 'my-deferred/dist/src' and 'fast-deep-equal'. Data inputs from component props, such as map styles, geometries, and control options, are sources of input data. Vue injects ('vmb_map', 'vmb_geogeometry', 'vmb_marker', etc.) serve as source points for map objects and geometries.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include map controls (addControl/removeControl), map methods (setPaintProperty, flyTo, setStyle, addSource, removeLayer), and the setDOMContent method for Popups. These are points where data flows into the map or DOM, which could be manipulated maliciously if untrusted data is used without sanitization. The code also processes geometry data and configurations that could influence map rendering.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props (e.g., geometries, control options) into map object methods (e.g., addLayer, setPaintProperty), via asynchronous promises resolving to map instances. Geometries and controls are initialized and updated via input props, with methods invoked to modify map state. Vue reactivity and watchers track input changes, updating the map accordingly. Popups and geometries are linked to map events, allowing data flow from user interaction into application state.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secret keys are present. External dependencies are standard Mapbox and Vue plugins; no evidence of malicious code in those imports. Some code comments suggest workarounds or development notes but do not indicate malicious intent. The Deferred pattern is used for map and geometry objects; nothing inherently malicious. The code includes detailed logging (console.log) in update methods, which could be a minor informational leak but not malicious. No obfuscated code, reverse shells, network exfiltration, or system damage code is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly implements Vue components for map visualization, control integration, and geometry management. It imports and uses Mapbox GL JS and related plugins, managing map lifecycle, controls, geometries, and popups. The logic involves standard async operations, event registration, and map updates. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious network activity are present. The code reads data from component props and internal Vue injects, which are standard in such map integrations. The security review finds no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage; the code follows typical patterns for map component development.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a comprehensive Vue.js mapping library based on Mapbox GL, with standard features for controls, geometries, and popups. No malicious intent or sabotage indicators are found. It appears to be a legitimate, well-structured library without security risks related to supply chain attacks or sabotage in its current form.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}