{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a React component for previewing files with functionalities like fullscreen toggle, page navigation, and communication with an embedded iframe for previewing content.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from component props (`props.fileInfo`, `props.src`) and window messages (`window.onmessage`). It reads file information and iframe content window messages.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the `iframe`'s `postMessage` method used for communication with the embedded preview iframe, and the `window.onmessage` handler for receiving messages. Also, external links for downloading files are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props into iframe via `postMessage` for preview configuration; incoming window messages trigger state updates (meta info, page index). User interactions (clicks on buttons) trigger functions that send messages to the iframe or alter fullscreen state.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code uses standard React patterns, icon imports, and DOM manipulation for fullscreen. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic eval-like behaviors. The iframe communication appears to be legitimate, but it assumes a specific origin ('https://preview.imm.aliyun.com'), which is appropriate for intended integration. No hidden backdoors or data exfiltration code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component for file preview with controls for fullscreen and page navigation. It includes functions for toggling fullscreen mode using browser-specific APIs, and communicates with an embedded iframe via postMessage for loading content and handling events like page changes and metadata updates. The message handling restricts processing to a specific origin, which reduces risks. No hardcoded credentials, malicious network calls, or malicious behaviors are present. The code structure and logic align with standard preview functionalities and do not exhibit malware indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a standard file preview component with iframe communication, fullscreen toggling, and navigation controls. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious anomalies. It appears to be legitimate, intended for rendering and controlling file previews securely.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}