{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a collection of React hooks and utility functions designed to manage cookies, DOM measurements, event listeners, viewport settings, and other common frontend functionalities.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables, document properties, window properties, and user interactions via event listeners. Specifically, it accesses 'document', 'window', 'navigator', and cookies via 'js-cookie'.",
  "sinks": "The code sets cookies, modifies document title, manipulates favicon, adds event listeners, and alters DOM attributes. No data is transmitted over network or affects system files directly.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input flows from user interactions (e.g., event listeners, DOM measurements) through hooks to state updates or DOM modifications. No clear data leaks or external transmissions are observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a large block of minified, concatenated React hooks, with extensive use of useRef, useState, and useEffect, but no suspicious or obfuscated logic. Some console.debug statements are present for development purposes. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a utility library of React hooks and functions for frontend behavior, including cookie management, event handling, viewport info, and DOM measurement. It uses standard APIs and patterns without any signs of malicious behavior. The presence of minified code is typical for compiled or bundled JavaScript, not necessarily malicious. There are no network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code does not perform any suspicious actions like system modification or data theft. Overall, it appears to be benign frontend utility code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of React hooks and utility functions for frontend development. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected. The code appears standard and safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}