{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a collection of React hooks and utility functions designed for frontend web development, including state management, event handling, and DOM interactions.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from environment variables, window properties, DOM elements, cookies, and user input events.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting cookies, manipulating DOM elements, and making clipboard write attempts.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user events, environment variables, or DOM states into hooks and functions that modify cookies, DOM, or trigger side effects like clipboard access.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains minified, bundled content with complex inline functions and a very large block of utility functions. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are visible. No suspicious network requests, obfuscated code, or hidden backdoors are evident. The presence of extensive React hooks and utility functions is typical for frontend apps but could also be used maliciously if misused.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a large set of React hooks and utility functions intended for frontend use, including cookie management, DOM measurement, event listeners, and browser feature detection. It is heavily minified and bundled, making direct analysis challenging. No explicit network activity, data exfiltration, or suspicious behaviors such as sending data over the network or executing malicious commands are visible. The functions seem to serve typical frontend purposes, with some complex internal state handling. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Due to the code’s extensive utility functions and minified nature, confidence is moderate but no malicious intent or security risks are apparent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React utility and hook library, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It contains no network requests or backdoors. The code is complex and minified, which is common for bundled frontend code, but does not exhibit malicious patterns based on the provided snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}