{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component called ReactCoffeeGauge that renders a gauge visualization using an external gauge library (gauge.js) loaded dynamically from a CDN.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from props (value, min, max, opts) and DOM elements (canvas with id 'canvas-gauge-coffee').",
  "sinks": "Uses DOM manipulation to insert a script element for gauge.js, and accesses DOM elements by ID to initialize the gauge.",
  "flows": "Props and DOM data are used to configure and set the gauge via the gauge.js library loaded from external URL.",
  "anomalies": "Dynamically loads external script from 'https://bernii.github.io/gauge.js/dist/gauge.min.js' at runtime, which could be altered or malicious if the source is compromised. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code does not contain obfuscation or unusual language features.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard React component that dynamically loads an external library for rendering a gauge visualization. The external script is loaded via a script tag with a fixed URL, which is a common pattern but relies on the trustworthiness of that external source. No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious data exfiltration mechanisms are present within this module. It primarily reads props and DOM elements to set up the gauge. The external script, if compromised, could potentially execute malicious code, but that risk is external to this code review. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The code structure and logic are typical for such components.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign React component that loads an external gauge library and uses it to render a gauge based on provided props. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are identified within this module itself. The only consideration is the reliance on an external script URL, which should be trusted and verified externally.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}