{
  "purpose": "The code is intended to import a module and perform basic arithmetic operations: sum, subtraction, multiplication, and division.",
  "sources": "Require statement `require('.')` indicating the module is imported from the current directory, and `console.log` statements that output the results of the module's functions.",
  "sinks": "Console output is a sink that displays the results; if untrusted data is passed into functions, it could lead to data leakage via console. However, the functions called appear to be arithmetic operations, which are unlikely to process untrusted data maliciously.",
  "flows": "Input data (possibly from the require module) flows into the functions `suma`, `resta`, `multiplicacion`, and `división`. These functions' outputs are then logged to the console.",
  "anomalies": "The require statement `require('.')` suggests that the module is loaded from the current directory. Without additional context, this could be benign or suspicious if the local module contains malicious code. The function names are in Spanish, which is normal; no hardcoded secrets or unusual code constructs are evident. The code is straightforward and does not perform any suspicious operations.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a local module and calls arithmetic functions, logging their results. There are no signs of obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or data theft. The require statement could be suspicious if the local module contains malicious code, but based on this snippet alone, the behavior appears benign. The code is simple and does not show evidence of malicious intent or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a basic arithmetic calculator module usage with console output. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident within this snippet. The only potential concern is the use of a local module, which should be reviewed separately for safety. Overall, the code is benign based on the given fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}