{
  "purpose": "This code converts an elliptical arc segment into a sequence of cubic Bézier curves, primarily for rendering or vector graphics purposes, as documented in SVG specifications.",
  "sources": "Input data includes parameters such as x1, y1, x2, y2 (arc endpoints), radii rx, ry, flags fa, fs, and rotation phi, which are used to calculate the arc representation.",
  "sinks": "The code performs mathematical calculations without involving network, file system, or environment variable access. No data is sent over the network or leaked. No sensitive data is accessed or transmitted.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to compute the arc's center and angles, which are then approximated with Bézier curves. These curves are transformed through scaling, rotation, and translation to match the original arc's position and shape.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains standard mathematical operations; no suspicious or malicious patterns are evident. It uses mathematical functions and variable transformations consistent with arc-to-bezier conversion. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code disables a linter rule but that is benign.",
  "analysis": "The script defines functions for calculating arc parameters, angles, and approximating arcs with Bézier curves. It performs geometric transformations, including coordinate rotation and scaling, to convert arc definitions into cubic Bézier curves. The logic strictly adheres to mathematical formulas for ellipse and arc calculations, referencing SVG specifications. There are no network calls, system modifications, or suspicious data handling routines. The only notable point is the disabling of an ESLint rule, which is not malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a straightforward mathematical utility module for graphics rendering without any malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematically-oriented utility for converting SVG arcs to Bézier curves. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It operates solely within the scope of geometric calculations for graphics rendering. The confidence level is high that this code is safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}