{
  "purpose": "This code converts an elliptical arc into a sequence of cubic Bézier curves for rendering or further processing.",
  "sources": "The function 'a2c' reads input parameters for arc conversion, including coordinates, radii, and angles. The module exports this function, which is invoked with user-defined data.",
  "sinks": "The code performs mathematical calculations and array transformations. No direct data sinks such as network calls, file writes, or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (coordinates, radii, angles) flow through geometric calculations, including arc center computation and approximation functions, resulting in arrays of Bézier curve control points.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or suspicious function calls are present. The code strictly performs geometric calculations with standard math functions. No dynamic code execution or external data access is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with utility functions for vector angle calculation and arc center derivation, which are mathematically standard. It then defines an approximation function for unit arcs using well-known tangent formulas. The main exported function 'a2c' handles arc parameter validation, radius normalization, and calls to these utilities for converting an arc into Bézier segments. It carefully manages out-of-range radii by scaling and splits the arc into segments for approximation accuracy. The transformations include rotation, scaling, and translation, all following standard graphics algorithms. The code lacks any network access, system modifications, or suspicious behavior. It relies solely on mathematical operations and array manipulations.\n",
  "conclusion": "The code performs legitimate geometric computations to convert SVG arcs into Bézier curves. There are no signs of malicious intent or malware. The implementation follows standard mathematical procedures for arc approximation. Therefore, it is safe and free of malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}