{
  "purpose": "The code implements Hidden Markov Models (HMM), Markov Chains, and related algorithms for probabilistic sequence analysis, including Viterbi, Forward-Backward, and Baum-Welch algorithms, for use in sequence inference and training.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include observation sequences, initial probabilities, transition matrices, emission matrices, and state/observable definitions. Data is read from function parameters and object properties such as 'sequence', 'states', 'obSequence', and HMM configuration objects.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows primarily from input parameters (e.g., observation sequences). Potentially unsafe operations are minimal; the code performs numeric calculations and array manipulations. No data leaks or network transmissions are present. No sinks lead to insecure data handling or external calls.",
  "flows": "Inputs (sequences, parameters) flow into probabilistic calculations, recursive functions, and matrix operations to produce sequence probabilities, state sequences, and model parameters. The flow is confined within mathematical computations without external side effects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code constructs are present. The code uses standard JavaScript features, typical recursive patterns, and array manipulations. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscation detected. The code appears clean, straightforward, and typical for statistical algorithms.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple probabilistic algorithms for Hidden Markov Models, including sequence finding, forward/backward procedures, Viterbi decoding, and Baum-Welch training. It uses recursive functions and array operations to implement these algorithms. All functions process input data to generate model estimates or sequence probabilities. No network operations, system calls, or external data access are present. The code structure is typical for statistical modeling, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are evident. The code's purpose is legitimate modeling; it does not contain obfuscated or suspicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of Hidden Markov Models and related algorithms for sequence analysis. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, malicious data exfiltration, or sabotage. The absence of network activity, obfuscation, or suspicious data flows indicates it is safe and legitimate. No security risks or malicious intent are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}