{
  "purpose": "Utility class providing deep cloning of objects and generating pseudo-random strings for identifiers.",
  "sources": "JSON.parse(JSON.stringify(object)) for cloning; Math.random() calls for random string generation.",
  "sinks": "None; no external data inputs or outputs, no network or file operations.",
  "flows": "clone method reads the object; generateString uses Math.random() outputs to produce strings.",
  "anomalies": "Use of Math.random() for ID generation, which is predictable and not suitable for cryptographic security, but standard for non-security-critical IDs.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward utility module with methods for deep cloning objects and generating pseudo-random strings. It uses JSON serialization for cloning, which is safe for simple objects. The randomString getter and generateString method rely on Math.random(), which is predictable and insecure for cryptographic purposes but acceptable for non-security-critical identifiers. No external data sources, sinks, or malicious code are present. The code is not obfuscated, and there are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The primary concern is the use of Math.random() for ID generation, which is acknowledged in security assessments as insecure for cryptography but not malicious. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is approximately 0.1–0.2, reflecting minor concern about predictability. Overall, the code is benign, with no malicious intent or obfuscation, and the scores are consistent with this assessment.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility module for cloning objects and generating non-secure pseudo-random strings. It does not contain malicious behavior or obfuscation. The use of Math.random() for ID generation is a known limitation but acceptable for non-security-critical purposes. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is approximately 0.1, reflecting minor concern about predictability. No changes to the scores are necessary.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}