{
  "purpose": "Configure Grunto-based Grunt task runner with custom tasks, linting, cleaning, file processing, and watching.",
  "sources": "Require statement for 'grunto', Grunt task registration, task configuration parameters, and inline functions within task options.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe functions within 'pragma' options (world and hello) that could process untrusted parameters; file system operations via 'expand' in 'convert'; tasks that might execute scripts or modify files.",
  "flows": "Configuration reads task options and file patterns; 'world' function could process external parameters; 'convert' expands files from 'examples' to '.tmp'; watch triggers 'test' task.",
  "anomalies": "Use of functions in 'pragma' options that simply return strings or joined parameters. No external input validation or handling of untrusted data is evident. No direct code injection or external network operations observed.",
  "analysis": "The code imports 'grunto' and sets up a standard Grunt configuration with multiple tasks: 'eslint', 'clean', 'pragma', 'nodeunit', and 'watch'. The 'pragma' task has functions 'world' and 'hello' that generate strings, potentially using parameters. These functions are safe and do not process untrusted input directly. No evidence of malicious code such as network requests, data exfiltration, or system compromise is present. The 'convert' task performs file expansion from 'examples' directory to '.tmp' folder, which is standard. The overall structure and functions appear benign, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. The code follows common patterns for build tools and task automation without suspicious modifications.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Grunt configuration for task automation, with no indications of malicious intent or malware. Functions are simple and safe, and no external or untrusted data flows are evident. It appears secure and intended for build process automation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}