{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React-based image map component allowing interactive areas on images, primarily used for user interface features involving clickable or hoverable regions.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'props' object (such as 'map', 'src', 'width', 'height', etc.) and DOM elements like image and canvas tags.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include event handlers (onClick, onMouseEnter, etc.) that invoke callback functions passed via props, which could potentially execute untrusted code if those functions are maliciously supplied.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'props' and DOM events (sources) to callback functions (sinks) through event handlers, with rendering and drawing operations on a canvas context as intermediate steps.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a typical React component with standard rendering and event handling logic. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The code uses common libraries like 'prop-types' and 'react-fast-compare' without unusual patterns. No network calls, data exfiltration, or system manipulation detected. The only notable aspect is the random 'map' name generation, which is benign.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a React component that renders an image with an associated clickable map and overlays drawn on a canvas for visual effects. It employs standard React lifecycle methods and event handlers. The drawing functions (drawrect, drawcircle, drawpoly) perform shape rendering on a canvas element. It dynamically scales coordinates based on image width. No obfuscated code, no eval or dynamic code execution, and no network activity or system access. The component primarily interacts with the DOM and executes callback functions supplied via props, which are typical and expected for such a component. The component ensures updates only when relevant props change and manages internal state appropriately. Overall, the code is well-structured, intended for UI purposes, and shows no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a React component for image mapping with drawing capabilities. It operates as intended without any malicious or sabotage behaviors. There are no hidden network calls, no code injection, no hardcoded secrets, or suspicious patterns. The code is safe for use and does not pose security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}