{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React-based image mapping component that allows interactive highlighting and clicking on areas of an image, typically used for UI purposes in web applications.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input props such as 'map', 'src', 'width', 'height', and event handlers like 'onClick', 'onMouseEnter', etc.",
  "sinks": "Event handler functions (e.g., 'onClick', 'onMouseEnter') are invoked with area data, which could potentially lead to arbitrary code execution if these handlers are maliciously provided by an untrusted source.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input flows from props ('map', 'src', etc.) into rendering and event handler invocation. Event data flows from user interactions into callback functions, which could be exploited if handlers are malicious.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external connections detected. The code heavily relies on React components and standard libraries. No obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic execution, or unusual variable names are present. The code appears to be a typical React component implementation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component (ImageMapper) that manages interactive image mapping. It uses standard React practices, processes props to render areas on images, and handles user events by invoking provided callback functions. There are no signs of malicious code such as network connections, system access, or data theft mechanisms. All imported modules are standard React and utility libraries. The only potential concern is that event handlers are user-defined and could execute malicious code if supplied by an attacker, but this is typical in React applications and depends on user trust in the provided handlers.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React component for image mapping with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. Its security impact is limited to the safety of the event handlers supplied by the parent application, which is a typical risk in React apps but not inherently malicious. No malware signals or suspicious external activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}