{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom event emitter class (RTKEventEmitter) that manages event listeners with added functionality such as tokens for identifying listeners, one-time listeners, and callback handling.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from event triggers within the EventEmitter, callback parameters passed to 'on' and 'once' methods, and external event data passed during emission.",
  "sinks": "Event data passed to callbacks, including potentially untrusted data from emit calls, and listener tokens used for management.",
  "flows": "Event data flows from 'emit' calls to registered listeners; listener registration flows through 'on' and 'once' methods; listener removal flows through 'off' and 'removeAllListeners' methods.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are observed. The code manages event listeners securely with proper cleanup and token validation. The setTimeout in 'once' method deletes listeners after 10 seconds, which is standard timeout logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured implementation of an event emitter with additional management features. It properly registers, triggers, and removes event listeners, with clear handling of tokens for listener identification. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior such as network activity or system modifications is evident. It utilizes standard Node.js 'events' module without unusual constructs. There are no signs of obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms. The timeout logic in 'once' is benign, simply cleaning up listeners after a delay. Overall, the implementation appears safe and typical for event-driven programming, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured custom event emitter with tokenized listener management. It exhibits no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The logic is straightforward, standard, and does not contain suspicious or malicious features.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}