{
  "purpose": "This code defines a GraphQL normalization utility that processes GraphQL data into a normalized form for easier client-side management, including options for casing, caching, and type handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data via the 'normalize' function, and reads query strings in the 'parse' function. It also reads environment variables for logging purposes.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks for untrusted data manipulation or system effects are present. It processes data internally and modifies object structures, with no network or file system operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input to normalization and parsing functions; data is read from input objects, processed via recursive walk, and stored in a cache. No external or untrusted data flows to system effects.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs standard normalization and schema preparation, with no suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors. Uses environment variable checks only for warnings, not system control. No obfuscation, encryption, or misleading code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical GraphQL normalization utility with functions for casing, entity identification, and data restructuring. It uses standard libraries for parsing and visiting GraphQL ASTs. Caching is used with JSON stringification, which is safe. No suspicious network activity, dynamic code execution, or malicious intent is detected. The only notable aspect is the cache read/write operations with try-catch and environment variable logs, which are standard practices. The code's flow is straightforward, and no malicious behavior or vulnerabilities are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate GraphQL normalization utility without signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It follows common patterns for data normalization and query modification. No malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}