{
  "purpose": "This code implements a GraphQL normalization utility that processes GraphQL query responses and schema definitions, converting nested data into a normalized form suitable for client-side state management.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'normalize' function parameter, specifically 'data'. It also reads query strings in the 'parse' function, which parses GraphQL queries.",
  "sinks": "Normalized data is stored in a 'normalized' object and cached in a Map. The code also manipulates GraphQL ASTs via the 'addRequiredFields' function, which modifies query ASTs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the input 'data' parameter through recursive 'walk' function, which traverses nested objects/arrays, extracting entities by '__typename' and 'id' fields. Parsed queries flow through 'parse' and 'addRequiredFields' functions to modify selection sets.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. The code performs standard data normalization and GraphQL AST modification. No dynamic code execution, network requests, or obfuscated code features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs data normalization of GraphQL responses, using recursive traversal to identify entity objects by '__typename' and 'id'. It modifies GraphQL queries to ensure 'id' and '__typename' fields are included for proper normalization. Caching is implemented via a Map for repeated data inputs. The use of standard libraries and functions suggests no malicious intent. All data manipulations are within expected bounds for such a utility.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical GraphQL normalization utility with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It manipulates data and GraphQL ASTs for normalization purposes. No suspicious network activity, credential handling, or obfuscated/malicious code is present. The code appears safe and intended for legitimate use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}