{
  "purpose": "This code defines a toast notification system for a React application, including functions to generate unique IDs, create and manage toast notifications with different types, and handle toast lifecycle events.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters (e.g., options objects, React nodes, and arguments to factory functions), environment variables (not explicitly used here), and imported modules.",
  "sinks": "The main sinks are calls to getToaster().toast() for displaying notifications and removeToast() for removing them. These are not inherently dangerous but could be misused if the options are maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Input parameters such as 'options', 'p1', 'p2', 'p3' flow into the toast creation functions, ultimately leading to toast display via getToaster().toast() or removal via removeToast(). The flow involves constructing options objects with potential user-provided content, which are then passed to toaster methods.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code utilizes standard React and JavaScript features with no obfuscated code or unusual language constructs. All imported dependencies are common polyfill modules. No suspicious network activity or data leaks are present. The use of getUniqueId() to generate IDs appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides a toast notification API, creating unique IDs with timestamp and seed, and managing toast lifecycle through external toaster functions. It properly handles parameters, checks for React elements, and assigns options accordingly. No evidence of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, remote code execution, or suspicious network activity, is found. All functions perform typical UI notification tasks with appropriate safeguards. The code relies on external modules and standard patterns, with no obfuscated or malicious patterns detected.",
  "conclusion": "The source code implements a safe, standard toast notification system with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It appears to be well-structured and free of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities within its scope.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}