{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to connect to a PostgreSQL database hosted on Heroku, retrieve active queries with exclusive locks, and display them with optional truncation.",
  "sources": "Data inputs come from 'context.args.database' (user-provided database name) and 'context.flags.truncate' (user-provided flag). It also reads database information via 'pg.fetcher(heroku).database'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sink is 'process.stdout.write(output)', which outputs query results. No direct data leak from untrusted sources since output is from database queries. No network transmission of untrusted data occurs.",
  "flows": "Input from user parameters flows into the database fetch operation. Query results from the database are output directly to stdout without sanitization or modification.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code or suspicious patterns observed. The code executes a read-only database query, and there are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The query constructs are straightforward, with safe string handling for truncation.",
  "analysis": "The code uses 'co' for generator-based control flow, with 'pg' plugin to interact with the database. The query retrieves active query information and lock status, with optional truncation. The use of template literals is safe as it does not incorporate untrusted input directly into the query; 'context.args.database' is used for database selection, which could be user-controlled but is standard for CLI tools. No data leakage, code injection, or malicious behavior identified. No network exfiltration or reverse shell activities are present. The code performs read-only operations without side effects.",
  "conclusion": "The script appears to be a standard, safe database utility for monitoring locks on PostgreSQL databases. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware signatures are present. It performs straightforward data retrieval and display without suspicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}