{
  "purpose": "The script is designed to connect to a Heroku PostgreSQL database, query active database sessions and locks, and display relevant information such as queries and their statuses.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from command line arguments (database name) and environment/context provided by Heroku CLI; accesses database connection details via the pg.fetcher method.",
  "sinks": "Outputs query results directly to stdout; the query execution and output display are the primary sinks.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (database name, flags) are used to construct a SQL query, which is executed against the database. The result is then written directly to stdout.",
  "anomalies": "The SQL query dynamically constructs a string with potential for query manipulation; however, the only user-controlled input is the database name argument, which is used as an identifier. There are no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code patterns. The code uses 'co' for generator support, which is typical in Node.js. The use of template literals for SQL is potentially risky if any untrusted input is embedded; here, only the database name is used, and it's used as an identifier, which is less risky than parameterized queries, but still should be sanitized.",
  "analysis": "The code imports required modules and defines a generator function 'run' that fetches database connection info and constructs a SQL query to retrieve active sessions and locks. The query uses string interpolation for the query snippet, optionally truncating long queries. The query itself joins multiple PostgreSQL system catalogs and displays activity info. The output is sent directly to stdout. The code does not include hardcoded credentials or secrets, nor does it perform any network connections beyond database access. The use of string interpolation in the SQL query with user input (database name) could pose SQL injection risk if not properly sanitized, but as database names are typically controlled, the risk is minimal here. No obfuscated code or malicious payloads are present. The purpose is legitimate database monitoring.",
  "conclusion": "The script performs legitimate database monitoring functions with no evidence of malicious intent. It constructs and executes a SQL query based on user input, with some potential, but minimal, injection risk associated with the database name parameter. No malware, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are detected. Overall, the code appears safe and aligned with its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}