{
  "purpose": "This source code defines a React-based rich text editor component 'DanteEditor' using draft-js and related libraries, providing features like content decoding, formatting, custom blocks, and tooltips.",
  "sources": "Code reads external dependencies (e.g., 'react', 'draft-js', 'lodash', 'immutable') and properties from 'props' (such as 'content', 'widgets', 'tooltips', 'decorators', 'xhr', 'data_storage') that may include untrusted input. It also accesses 'this.props.content' for initializing state.",
  "sinks": "State updates, content serialization, and DOM manipulations are performed via React state and refs. Content is converted to and from raw formats, with potential for rendering or exposing data.",
  "flows": "Code reads 'props.content' for initial content ('sources'), decodes it with 'convertFromRaw', and updates 'editorState'. It serializes content back to raw with 'convertToRaw' and HTML with 'convertToHTML'. User interactions (e.g., paste, key commands) modify 'editorState' through functions like 'onChange'. External inputs like pasted HTML or files are processed and inserted into content.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code. No indications of network activity, data exfiltration, or system damage within this code. Use of 'axios' is imported but not used; no dynamic code execution or obfuscated code is present. The code handles user input and content management in a standard manner.",
  "analysis": "The code is a complex React component implementing a rich text editor with standard features like content decoding, paste handling, block rendering, and tooltips. It processes external data via 'props' and user actions, with content conversion functions for raw and HTML formats. No signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, hidden backdoors, or data leaks. All external dependencies are typical libraries, and code structure appears standard. The presence of imported but unused 'axios' is benign. No obfuscated or suspicious patterns detected.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a standard, well-structured React component for a rich text editor. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware within this code segment. It operates as intended for content editing purposes without malicious signals.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}