{
  "purpose": "The code implements a comprehensive React hook-based gesture and pan-zoom system, handling touch, pointer, wheel, and hover interactions for a React application. It provides context providers and utility functions to manage gestures and zoom/pan states.",
  "sources": "The code reads environmental variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), document object (DOM access), window object (DOM event bindings), React refs, and user interaction events (pointer, touch, wheel, key). It also accesses gesture configuration and target elements via React refs.",
  "sinks": "The code updates React component states, calls handler functions, and manages event listeners. It also invokes zoom, pan, and gesture functions provided via context. It does not write files or perform network requests.",
  "flows": "Event listeners (sources) are registered to DOM elements; gesture handlers process user input events, update component state, and trigger zoom/pan updates; React context providers pass updated states and functions to child components.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or backdoors detected. The code contains environment variable checks for development warnings. It dynamically sets and cleans event listeners, which is standard for gesture handling libraries. No suspicious code or obfuscated segments are present. Use of React context and refs appears legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React-based gesture handling system with various gesture engines (drag, hover, move, pinch, scroll, wheel). It uses standard event registration/deregistration, context providers, and state management. No suspicious network activity, data leakage, or hidden backdoors are observed. It properly manages environment-specific warnings and configurations. The code’s complexity is typical for gesture libraries and appears legitimate, focusing on input event handling and gesture state management.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React gesture and pan-zoom system, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It functions as intended for gesture recognition and state updates within a React app. No malware or malicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}