{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript class for creating and managing customizable toast notifications on a webpage, including success, error, and loading messages with various styling options.",
  "sources": "User input parameters for message content, IDs, class names, colors, icons, and URLs for click actions. Data is sourced from function arguments in methods like success, error, loading, and show.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation for creating and removing toast elements, setting innerHTML for message and icon content, and redirecting via window.location.href on click events.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function arguments (e.g., message, id, URL) into DOM element properties and innerHTML. Click handlers and timers modify DOM elements or navigate the page based on these data sources.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes user-defined HTML for icons and messages, but these are inserted into the DOM without sanitization, which could potentially allow injection if external input is used improperly. However, all inputs appear to be handled as parameters with default values, and there is no evidence of unsanitized untrusted data being directly injected. The 'onClickGo' parameter is used for navigation but is not inherently malicious; it defaults to 'null' or a URL string.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages toast notifications with configurable styling and behavior. It handles dynamic creation and removal of DOM elements, sound playback, and click events. No evidence of malicious code such as network requests to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The 'onClickGo' parameter could redirect to arbitrary URLs, but this is a feature rather than malware. The icon HTML is static and controlled. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution detected. Overall, the code performs expected UI tasks with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard implementation of a toast notification system with customizable options. There are no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this module. It is a client-side UI component that does not perform any harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}