{
  "purpose": "This code defines a class for displaying toast notification messages with different styles (success, error, loading) and manages their lifecycle including display, removal, and user interaction.",
  "sources": "User inputs include message content, IDs, styling options, and click URLs via method parameters in success, error, loading, and show functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting window.location.href on click, dynamically inserting HTML elements, and playing audio sounds. The URL for redirection is controlled via input, and HTML is generated from parameters.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (messages, URLs, styles) flow through methods to generate DOM elements; click events trigger URL navigation; sound playback is triggered; toast removal is managed via timers and event listeners.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code dynamically creates HTML for notifications, but it inserts URLs directly into event handlers without validation, which could lead to malicious redirects if input is malicious. No evidence of obfuscation or malware-like behavior, such as data exfiltration or system tampering.",
  "analysis": "The code provides toast notifications with customizable content and styles. It manages display and removal, including click-to-redirect functionality via window.location.href. The URL in onClick is directly used without validation, which could be exploited for malicious redirects if untrusted input is passed. The code uses external media files for sounds but does not include suspicious network activity or system manipulation. No signs of code injection, data leakage, or hidden backdoors. The overall structure appears standard for a notification system, with no malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard toast notification implementation with customizable options. It does not contain malicious intent, backdoors, or malware, though it could pose security risks if user-controlled URLs are not validated before being assigned to window.location.href. Overall, low suspicion of malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}