{
  "purpose": "This code implements a toast notification system for displaying success, error, and loading messages in a web application, with configurable appearance and behavior.",
  "sources": "User input data may come from the function parameters (_a objects in success, error, loading methods), and DOM elements are accessed for creating and removing toast notifications.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation for inserting and removing toast elements; setting innerHTML for message and icon content; event listeners for click events that may redirect page.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., message, onClickGo) are used to construct HTML elements inserted into the DOM. Click events on toast elements can trigger window.location.href redirects, and sound objects are played. Toast removal may be triggered based on timers or user clicks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or sensitive data found. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code. The onClickGo parameter defaults to 'null' string or URLs, but no malicious behavior is directly evident. No suspicious external network calls or hidden backdoors present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a toast notification system with methods to show success, error, and loading messages. It manipulates DOM elements to display notifications, with configurable styles and behavior. Event listeners for clicks and timers for auto-removal are standard. No suspicious or malicious code constructs, external data exfiltration, or backdoors are detected. The use of window.location.href for redirection on click is a typical pattern but could be exploited if onClickGo is set maliciously, though this relies on external input. The code does not perform any network requests, data leaks, or system modifications. Overall, it appears to be a benign UI component with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard toast notification implementation with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It operates solely on DOM manipulation and event handling. The absence of external data exfiltration, hardcoded secrets, or malicious code points to a benign purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}