{
  "purpose": "This code defines a function 'intervalImmediate' that emits an increasing counter at specified intervals, combining immediate emission with interval-based emissions.",
  "sources": "The code reads from the 'callbag-basics' library, specifically functions 'pipe', 'merge', 'fromIter', 'interval', and 'map'.",
  "sinks": "The emitted data is a stream of numbers generated by the function, which could be consumed elsewhere in the application.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'callbag-basics' source functions through 'pipe' to generate a combined stream of initial and interval-based emissions, then processed by 'map' to increment 'count', and finally output as a stream.",
  "anomalies": "The comment indicates a TODO to remove dependencies, which suggests potential ongoing refactoring but not malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious code, or obfuscated segments are present. No external network calls or system modifications are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code imports functions from 'callbag-basics' and constructs a stream that emits a 0 immediately and then continues emitting incremented numbers at regular intervals. The 'count' variable is maintained locally within the function scope, and the emitted values are purely numerical counters. No user input, environment variables, or external data sources are accessed. The structure and format are straightforward and follow standard callbag patterns without obfuscation or malicious constructs. The comment suggests an intent to refactor or remove dependencies, but this is not inherently malicious. The overall code appears to be for stream-based timing events with no signs of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a straightforward counter stream using 'callbag-basics' without any malicious behavior. There are no suspicious network connections, data leaks, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation. The comment indicates a dependency removal plan, which is typical for maintenance and not malicious. Overall, the code is benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}