{
  "purpose": "This code implements a server-side component for handling file uploads via Socket.IO, managing file naming, storage, and upload events with optional data wrapping.",
  "sources": "Data is read from socket messages ('start', 'progress', 'done') and from file system checks (fs.exists, fs.open, fs.createWriteStream). It also reads static client JavaScript files from the filesystem for serving clients.",
  "sinks": "Data emitted to sockets (socket.emit), written to filesystem (fs.createWriteStream), and filesystem operations such as fs.exists, fs.open, fs.close, fs.utimes.",
  "flows": "Client messages trigger upload start, progress, and completion; server processes data, writes files, and emits completion or error messages back to client; filesystem operations confirm file availability and create streams; static files are served on HTTP requests.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors; no obfuscated code. The code contains standard file handling and socket communication logic with proper event management. No unusual or malicious code patterns detected. Some console logs are present but benign.",
  "analysis": "The code handles file uploads via socket messages, performs filename sanitization, manages file streams, and emits status updates. It uses standard Node.js modules (fs, path, util, events) without any signs of malicious behavior. No data exfiltration, network connections to suspicious domains, or system damage mechanisms are present. It correctly manages streams and socket events, and serves static client files securely. No hardcoded secrets or covert data flows are identified. Overall, the code appears to be a typical file upload server module with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard file upload server component for Socket.IO, with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It performs legitimate file handling and communication functions without suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}