{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to generate HTML object and embed tags for embedding Flash content, handling parameters for source files and attributes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the function arguments provided to AC_FL_RunContent, specifically URL sources (e.g., src, movie) and other attributes such as classid, pluginspage, and event handlers.",
  "sinks": "The code writes HTML content into the document via document.write, incorporating URLs and attributes which could include untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Input arguments to AC_FL_RunContent flow into AC_GetArgs, which processes and constructs attribute objects; these objects are then used by AC_Generateobj to create HTML tags that are written into the document.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors detected. The functions perform standard HTML object/embed generation for Flash content. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code does not fetch or send data over network connections, nor does it manipulate environment variables.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard utility for embedding Flash objects, converting arguments into object and embed tags. It processes common parameters such as source URLs, dimensions, event handlers, and attributes. The AC_AddExtension function appends an extension to a source URL if a question mark exists, which is typical for URL manipulation. There is no evidence of obfuscation, malicious data handling, or network activity. The code's structure is straightforward and intended solely for generating HTML embedding code. Since the code strictly handles HTML generation for Flash content without external data fetching or network communication, it poses no evident security threat.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard Flash embedding utility with no malicious intent or security risks. It processes input parameters to generate HTML object and embed tags, with no suspicious behaviors or malicious code. It is safe from a security perspective based on its current functionality.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}