{
  "purpose": "This code implements an iterative Poisson disc sampling algorithm for generating points with a minimum distance (radius) between each other within a specified width and height. It is used for procedural sampling or point distribution in graphics or spatial analysis.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters: width, height, radius, and rng (random number generator function). It also reads from internal variables during computations, such as grid positions and sample points.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks where untrusted data is used in a way that could cause data leaks or malicious effects. The rng function is used for randomness but does not send data externally or perform harmful actions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (width, height, radius, rng) are used to generate and sample points. Random values from rng influence point generation and selection, but there are no external data flows or data exfiltration paths.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, suspicious external connections, or malicious code are present. The code uses standard mathematical functions and straightforward data structures. No obfuscated or malicious logic is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-documented implementation of a Poisson disc sampling algorithm. It uses local grid checks to efficiently determine sample validity. It relies on an external rng function for randomness, which is typical and not suspicious. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data theft, or backdoors. The code appears safe and purpose-specific. The only external input is the rng function, which should be trusted to be a proper random generator.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of Poisson disc sampling with no indicators of malicious intent or security risks. It performs spatial point sampling securely, with no harmful behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}