{
  "purpose": "This source code provides client-side JavaScript functions for syntax highlighting and pretty-printing of code snippets embedded in HTML documents, supporting multiple programming languages and integration into web pages.",
  "sources": "The code reads source code strings from HTML elements like <pre>, <code>, and <xmp>, and extracts source code from DOM nodes via extractSourceSpans. It also reads class attributes for configuration and language detection.",
  "sinks": "The code writes decorated and syntax-highlighted HTML back into DOM elements by manipulating innerHTML, appending child nodes, and replacing text nodes with styled spans. It also creates and inserts elements like <SPAN>, <OL>, <LI>, and <PRE> into the DOM.",
  "flows": "Source code is extracted from DOM nodes, passed through language-specific lexers and highlighters, which generate decoration lists with style classes. These decorations are then recombined with source code to modify the DOM, wrapping text in styled spans and inserting list elements for line numbering.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are detected. The code is extensive and involves DOM manipulation, but no suspicious network requests, data exfiltration, or system commands are present. No obfuscation or unusual language features are used. It appears to be a legitimate syntax highlighter.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes keyword lists for various programming languages and defines functions for lexing, tokenization, and styling of source code snippets. It extracts code from HTML DOM nodes, applies language-specific highlighting via registered handlers, and modifies the DOM to display highlighted code with optional line numbers. It uses standard DOM APIs and pattern matching. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network calls, data leakage, or stealthy backdoors. The code is designed for client-side rendering and decoration, and all operations are within expected parameters for a syntax highlighting library.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive, open-source syntax highlighter for embedding in web pages. It contains no malicious behavior, no hidden data exfiltration, and no malicious instructions. It is a legitimate library for syntax highlighting with no security risks identified in the provided fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}