{
  "purpose": "This source code implements a client-side JavaScript syntax highlighter for browser display of source code snippets, supporting multiple programming languages and embedded code blocks.",
  "sources": "Reads the DOM nodes containing code snippets, class attributes for language specification, and inner HTML content of code blocks.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM nodes by injecting styled span elements and list items, and generates HTML output with syntax highlighting decorations.",
  "flows": "Extracts source code from DOM nodes -> applies language-specific lexers and decorations -> recombines styled elements into DOM nodes, replacing original code content.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network connections are present. The code performs standard syntax highlighting routines. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution such as eval, new Function, or script injections detected. All operations are within normal syntax highlighting functionality.",
  "analysis": "The script begins with licensing and descriptive comments, followed by a large IIFE that defines keyword lists, token styles, regex patterns, and functions for lexing and syntax highlighting. It provides functions to extract source code from DOM nodes, apply language-specific lexers, and reassemble styled content back into DOM nodes. The functions are typical for syntax highlighters, handling string parsing, regex matching, DOM manipulation, and registering language handlers. There is no evidence of malicious network activity, credential theft, or backdoor mechanisms. The code relies solely on client-side DOM operations and pattern matching for syntax styling, with no suspicious dynamic code evaluation or external resource access. The design is consistent with open-source syntax highlighters, with no hidden or malicious signals.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard client-side syntax highlighter library with no malicious or sabotage behavior detected. It reads source code from DOM nodes, applies language-specific lexers, and modifies DOM nodes to display syntax-highlighted code. There are no suspicious anomalies or malware signals; the code appears safe within its intended functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}