{
  "purpose": "The code provides client-side syntax highlighting and pretty-printing functionalities for various programming languages within HTML pages.",
  "sources": "Reads HTML DOM elements (e.g., <pre>, <code>, <xmp>) for source code content and configuration options passed via parameters.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM elements by creating, replacing, and appending nodes, and modifies innerHTML and nodeValues of text nodes; also potentially executes functions passed to callbacks.",
  "flows": "Source code extracted from DOM elements flows into syntax highlighters and decorators, which then modify DOM nodes by wrapping text in styled spans or restructuring elements.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are observed. The code primarily deals with DOM manipulation, regex-based tokenization, and syntax highlighting logic. No obfuscated code or suspicious network activity present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured JavaScript module designed for syntax highlighting. It includes functions to parse and tokenize source code, handle embedded languages, and modify DOM nodes for pretty-printing. No indications of malicious behaviors such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. All operations are confined to DOM traversal and modification, and regex patterns are used for tokenization. The code is detailed, with clear separation of concerns, and relies on public DOM APIs and regex matching. There is no suspicious dynamic code execution or hidden logic. The code appears to be a legitimate syntax highlighting library with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a client-side syntax highlighting and pretty-printing library for HTML documents. It functions by parsing, tokenizing, and modifying DOM nodes to display source code with syntax styles. No malicious behaviors, sabotage, or security risks are detected within this code fragment. It appears safe and purpose-specific.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}