{
  "purpose": "Configuration and proxy setup for a web application, including development server proxy, webpack customization, and static file path determination.",
  "sources": "Process environment variables (e.g., process.env['DEV_SERVER'], process.env['STATIC_PATH']), local JSON files (package.json, setting.json), and hardcoded URLs and headers within proxy configuration.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to external URLs (proxies), headers modification in proxy requests, and webpack plugin configurations for HTML meta tags and resource inlining.",
  "flows": "Input from environment variables influences proxy targets and static path selections; proxy requests modify headers; webpack configuration injects meta tags and processes images and styles, all originating from static configuration and environmental inputs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. Proxy headers are modified with empty 'origin' headers which may be unusual but not malicious. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution observed. Proxy configuration uses environment variables in a potentially exploitable way if environment variables are maliciously set.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a configuration script for a Vue.js project with webpack. It sets up proxies for API endpoints, dynamically configures static asset paths based on environment variables, and customizes webpack behavior for resource handling and HTML meta info. The proxy setup modifies the 'origin' header to an empty string, which may impact request handling but is not inherently malicious. The static path configuration relies on environment variables, which could be manipulated but do not constitute malicious behavior by themselves. No malware or malicious code snippets are present, such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors. The code does not contain obfuscated or suspicious dynamic code execution. Overall, the code appears to be standard project configuration with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical project configuration script for a web application build process. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. The only notable aspect is the modification of proxy request headers, which should be reviewed to ensure it does not interfere with security policies. The environment variable usage for dynamic proxy targets and static paths is standard practice and does not pose an inherent security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}