{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define a React component for creating custom shaders and materials using Three.js, with proxy mechanisms to dynamically generate shader components and extend shader code.",
  "sources": "Uses 'react', 'three', and internal shader code strings and components; reads component props, children, and shader strings.",
  "sinks": "Shader code modifications via string replacements; potentially injects or modifies shader source strings; proxies for dynamic shader component creation.",
  "flows": "Component props and children -> shader source strings -> shader extension/modification functions -> creation of custom materials with extended shaders.",
  "anomalies": "Use of proxies to generate shader components dynamically; shader string modifications with includes and replacements; no hardcoded secrets or credential use; no network activity or file operations detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React-based shader material creation utility that dynamically constructs shaders and materials for WebGL via Three.js. It uses proxy objects to generate shader components (vert, frag, common) with specific chunk names and shader types, which are then assembled into custom shader strings through string replacements and concatenations. It also provides mechanisms to extend shader code with additional snippets or head code. No suspicious network activity, file access, or malicious code injection is present. The code does not interact with environment variables, perform data leaks, or include backdoors. The use of proxies is to facilitate dynamic shader composition, which is a legitimate pattern for shader management. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are evident. Overall, this is a complex but benign shader utility for rendering purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a sophisticated React component for shader management in Three.js projects, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It dynamically constructs shader code but does not perform any harmful operations or external data exfiltration. The use of proxies and string manipulation is for shader composition and is not suspicious. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}