{
  "purpose": "This script enhances image viewing on web pages by replacing <hl-img> elements with interactive images that can be zoomed in/out with animations, and provides user instructions via a notification element.",
  "sources": "Reads from <hl-img> custom elements, the 'hlimg-options' element for configuration, and DOM attributes such as 'src', 'href', 'preview', 'highlight', 'style', 'width', 'height', and 'class'.",
  "sinks": "Sets image attributes, styles, innerHTML of notification element, and event handlers (onclick) for image interactions. Also creates style elements and appends them to the document head.",
  "flows": "Extracts configuration from DOM, creates new image elements replacing <hl-img> tags, sets up onclick handlers to toggle zoom, updates styles and attributes based on user interactions. Event listeners for document clicks manage zoom out.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to be a standard image zoom script with user interface elements. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious external communications. The dynamic creation of event handlers and inline HTML is typical for such scripts. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. No network activity or data leaks detected.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily manipulates DOM elements to enable zooming images with animated transitions. It retrieves options from a designated DOM element or defaults, creates a notification element, and replaces <hl-img> custom elements with functional images. It attaches event handlers to images for zoom in/out with style modifications, and updates innerHTML of notification elements accordingly. All operations are confined to DOM manipulation and style changes, with no external network calls, credential handling, or hidden behaviors. The code is well-structured, readable, and does not exhibit signs of obfuscation or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, user-interface enhancement for images, with no malicious intent. It securely manipulates DOM elements for better image interaction and provides user guidance. No malware or security risks are identified based on the analyzed code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}