{
  "purpose": "Defines various mathematical easing functions for animations, including linear, circular, exponential, squared, cubed, and elastic easing formulas.",
  "sources": "Input parameter 'x' for each function, imported 'powerFactory' from external module for generating power functions.",
  "sinks": "No untrusted data sources or external sinks; functions process input 'x' and return transformed values locally.",
  "flows": "Input 'x' flows into each easing function; for squared, cubed, and quad, flows pass through factory-generated functions; elastic function processes 'x' with internal constants.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies; code is straightforward, uses standard mathematical formulas, and imports a common utility function.",
  "analysis": "The code defines standard easing functions for animations, with no external side effects, data leaks, or malicious behaviors. The functions are mathematical transformations, including a well-known elastic easing implementation. The external module import is typical for modular code. No obfuscation, secrets, or suspicious patterns are present. The functions are safe, with no network activity or system modifications. The scores assigned in the reports (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: near zero) are consistent with the benign nature of the code. The only minor inconsistency is a high risk score in one report, which should be lowered to reflect the actual safety. Overall, the code is a legitimate utility module for animations, with no security concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, standard set of easing functions used in animations. No malicious, obfuscated, or security-risk behaviors are present. The scores in the reports are appropriate, with a recommendation to set the overall risk to 0 and malware to 0. The elastic easing implementation is standard and not malicious. The external module usage is typical and not suspicious.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}