{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for normalizing GraphQL data, including schema parsing, entity normalization, string case transformations, and pluralization functions. It is intended to facilitate client-side GraphQL data handling and normalization.",
  "sources": "Data is read primarily from function parameters such as 'data' in 'normalizr' and 'normalize', as well as from object properties within the 'GraphQLNormalizr' class. The code also reads environment variables (e.g., process.env.NODE_ENV).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include logging (console.warn), use of cache (Map object), and constructing GraphQL queries via 'graphql.parse' and 'graphql.visit'. The cache interactions are in-memory; no external network connections are made within this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into normalization functions and string utilities. For example, 'normalizr' calls 'GraphQLNormalizr.normalize' which processes input data, potentially using cache. String functions like 'camelize', 'pascalize' process string inputs, with no external data flow to untrusted sources.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscated code. The inclusion of pluralization and string case functions appears standard. The only minor note is the deprecation warning regarding the 'exclude' option, which is benign. No hidden or malicious logic is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a utility library for normalizing GraphQL responses, with auxiliary string transformation functions. It handles data normalization, schema modifications, and string casing. No network activity, no data exfiltration, or external command execution is observed. The cache is local and in-memory. Warnings are used for deprecated options but are benign. The code structure and variable naming are clear, with no obfuscated or malicious constructs. Overall, the logic is straightforward, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured GraphQL normalization utility library with auxiliary string functions. There are no signs of malicious behavior, external network interactions, or security vulnerabilities within this module. The only notable aspects are configuration options and warnings, which are benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}