{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for normalizing GraphQL data, including schema parsing, entity normalization, string case transformations, and pluralization. It facilitates processing and restructuring GraphQL responses into normalized data structures for easier client-side management.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (NODE_ENV), input data passed to functions (particularly in 'normalize' and 'normalizr'), and external dependencies ('graphql' package). It also reads object properties and string inputs within utility functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include logging functions (console.warn), cache access (Map get/set), and string interpolation functions (interpolating error messages and field names). No code injection or execution occurs through these pathways.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (GraphQL responses, configuration options) through normalization and string transformation functions, with some data being cached. Warning logs and errors can be triggered based on data state or environment variables.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious network activity is present. All functions serve legitimate string manipulation, data normalization, or schema processing purposes. The code avoids executing any untrusted code or external commands. No obfuscated or minified code is present. Environment variables are used only for environment detection, not for malicious control.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive set of utility functions and a main class (GraphQLNormalizr) for normalizing GraphQL data responses. It includes pluralization, case conversions, object property accessors, and schema parsing. No code segments suggest malicious intent; all functions perform standard data handling tasks. Usage of 'console.warn' is benign, primarily for developer notifications. Environment variable checks are typical for environment-specific behavior. The cache implementation with Map is standard for performance. No network or system modification code is included. The functions for pluralization and case conversion are standard and sourced from open-source libraries. Overall, the code aligns with expected functionality for a GraphQL normalization utility, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of data normalization utilities for GraphQL responses, employing standard practices and open-source components. There are no indications of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. Its purpose is legitimate, focused on data processing, with no harmful behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}