{
  "purpose": "The code provides utilities for normalizing GraphQL data, including functions for string case conversions, pluralization, and GraphQL query manipulation, as well as a main GraphQLNormalizr class for caching and normalizing GraphQL responses.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (NODE_ENV), processes input objects and GraphQL query ASTs, and reads from the cache Map. It also reads properties from input data objects during normalization.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates data structures, including object properties and arrays, but does not directly write to external systems or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "Input data is read from function arguments and environment variables, processed through normalization and string functions, with data stored in internal cache (Map). No external data flow to network or file system is observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The code uses standard utility functions and well-known libraries (graphql). No obfuscated or malicious code constructs detected. Warnings related to deprecated options are logged but do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a comprehensive utility for GraphQL data normalization, string case transformations, pluralization, and cache management. It uses standard JavaScript features and libraries, with no signs of malicious behavior. The cache mechanism is internal, and environment variables are used only for environment detection. All functions perform predictable data manipulations without external side effects. No network operations or sensitive data leaks are evident. The presence of utility functions and configuration options suggest the package is intended for data processing in GraphQL clients or servers.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not exhibit any malicious behavior. It is a utility library focused on normalizing GraphQL data and string transformations, with no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}