{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes for normalizing and managing numerical properties with configurable ranges and behaviors, including dynamic property access and normalization calculations.",
  "sources": "The code reads property values via proxy get and set handlers, especially from object properties such as 'n_degrees', 'n_hours', 'n_minutes', 'n_seconds', and other properties related to normalized numbers.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include Reflect.get and Reflect.set methods used within proxy handlers, which could affect internal properties or normalization calculations, and console.error outputs for debugging.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input property values to internal normalized representations via proxy set handlers, and normalized values are retrieved through proxy get handlers, involving calculations for angles, time, or percentages.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or suspicious external data sources are present. The code imports an external module without using it directly in this snippet, which could be benign or suspicious depending on context. Proxy handlers perform complex calculations but no malicious actions are evident. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly manages numerical properties with configurable ranges and normalization logic, employing proxies for dynamic property management. The use of external imports is standard. Proxy handlers perform normalization calculations and property updates based on configuration objects. There are no signs of malicious behaviors such as network communication, data exfiltration, or code injection. Console errors serve debugging purposes but do not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a controlled implementation of a normalization utility, with no malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility for managing and normalizing numerical properties with no evidence of malicious behavior. It employs proxy handlers for dynamic property access and modification, performing calculations based on configurations. There are no indicators of malware or security risks within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}