{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions for creating and managing various map layers and coordinate reference systems in Leaflet-based mapping applications.",
  "sources": "Imports external libraries ('proj4leaflet', 'leaflet', 'esri-leaflet') and defines functions that generate map layers and coordinate systems based on input parameters.",
  "sinks": "Uses external libraries to generate map tiles, WMS, WMTS, and ArcGIS layers; interacts with network services via URL requests (e.g., 'esri.Query'). No untrusted data handling is explicitly present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters such as URLs, geometries, and options flow into functions that create map layers or perform network requests. These are primarily used to generate URLs or request map data from external servers.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code mostly constructs URL strings and layer objects. The 'urlAppend' function handles URL query parameters properly. No obfuscated code or unusual constructs observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines utility functions for creating map layers and coordinate systems, relying on external libraries. The 'utils.queryByArcgis' function performs a network query to an ArcGIS server, which is a legitimate operation. Layer creation functions generate URLs based on input options, with no evidence of malicious manipulation. The 'L.TileLayer.WMTS' extension includes logic to generate tile URLs; it correctly handles URL templating and parameters, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unauthorized data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The overall code appears well-structured, standard, and safe for map rendering tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for map layer creation and coordinate reference system management, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The functions serve legitimate purposes within mapping applications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}