{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React-based 3D model viewer using three.js and react-three-fiber, allowing models to be loaded, displayed, and interacted with, including drag controls and camera management.",
  "sources": "Reads include external libraries (core-js, react, @react-three/fiber, @react-spring/three, @react-three/drei, react-use-gesture, three), and internal nodes such as nodes.Container_Body and objectRef.current, as well as event handlers for user interaction.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe sinks include console.log statements on pointer events, which may leak information, and event handlers that modify object position and color based on user gestures.",
  "flows": "User input (drag gestures) can modify object positions and colors; camera rotation influences object bounds calculations; model data influences object visibility, material, and color. Data flows from props to model rendering and user interactions.",
  "anomalies": "Use of console.log for hover events; no sensitive data handling; no evident hardcoded credentials or backdoors. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration code observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical React application using 3D rendering libraries to load and manipulate models. It manages state for rotation, visibility, and interaction, and uses gesture detection for drag controls. No code appears to perform malicious activities. The console.log statements are benign for debugging purposes. There are no signs of data leakage, network calls to suspicious domains, or backdoors. The code structure is standard for this use case, and no obfuscation or malicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The source code appears to be a benign 3D model viewer implementation with standard interaction controls. There are no indicators of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. The only minor concern is the use of console.log for hover events, which does not pose security risks. Overall, the code is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}