{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a Webpack-style module loader bundled JavaScript code, likely part of a React-based web application that renders ECharts visualizations with custom styling.",
  "sources": "It reads data from imported modules, React component props, and DOM elements via refs; it also processes input options for chart rendering.",
  "sinks": "Uses external libraries like 'echarts', 'react', and 'react-dom' to initialize and render charts; references to DOM nodes are used for chart instantiation.",
  "flows": "Input data from module imports and component props flow into chart configuration objects, which are then passed to ECharts for rendering; DOM references are used to initialize charts on component mount.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex minified/bundled code with source maps, which is typical but can obscure malicious intent. No explicit hardcoded credentials or backdoors are visible. The source map injection code manages CSS styles but does not perform any suspicious actions. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a bundled module loader initializing a React component that renders pie charts using ECharts. It sets up chart options, manages component lifecycle methods, and interacts with DOM nodes via React refs. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or system modifications. The inclusion of external dependencies is typical for this kind of visualization component. The source map handling code is standard for source map support in bundlers. No anomalies, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious logic are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical React component setup for rendering charts with ECharts. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It appears to be legitimate visualization code bundled with source maps for debugging.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}