{
  "purpose": "This code initializes and loads a WebAssembly module for the 'rhino3dm' library, which is used for 3D geometry processing. It handles environment detection, file reading, memory management, and module setup for web, worker, and Node.js environments.",
  "sources": "Input/output functions such as read_, readAsync, readBinary, URL fetches, and environment-specific data sources. The code reads files from filesystem or network based on environment detection.",
  "sinks": "WASM module instantiation, file reading, environment variable access, and network setup for WebSocket/HTTP connections. It does not perform unsafe database queries or execute untrusted code directly.",
  "flows": "Sources like URL fetches or file reads feed data into the WebAssembly binary, which is then instantiated. Environment variables influence setup but are not manipulated directly. No data leaks or command injections are observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically imports modules, reads files synchronously, and performs environment detection. However, these are standard for such setup routines. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic are present. No hidden or suspicious obfuscation or code patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages environment-specific setup for loading a WebAssembly binary ('rhino3dm.wasm') and initializing a complex filesystem abstraction. It handles file reading from various sources, environment detection, and sets up network and device interfaces for web and Node.js environments. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote code execution, or sabotage. All code appears to serve the purpose of safe, environment-agnostic WebAssembly loading and setup. The presence of extensive setup code is typical for Emscripten-generated modules and does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard initialization script for the 'rhino3dm' WebAssembly module, with no evidence of malicious or sabotage behavior. It correctly handles environment detection, file reading, and module setup without engaging in any suspicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}