{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for web scraping, data merging, classification, delay, timeout, and filesystem traversal, primarily for processing and fetching data from web sources and local directories.",
  "sources": "Network requests via fetch (with proxy support), environment variables (HTTP_PROXY), filesystem paths during walk operations, and data objects during merge and classify functions.",
  "sinks": "Network responses (text data), filesystem paths, and in-memory data structures; no untrusted data directly flows into sensitive sinks that could cause harm.",
  "flows": "Fetch API calls flow from URL inputs through proxy configuration to network responses; data from responses are loaded into cheerio for parsing; merge and classify functions process data objects; walk reads filesystem paths based on filters.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious network activity detected. Proxy setup via environment variables is standard but could be misused if environment is compromised, which is a common risk but not specific to malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of standard utility functions for web scraping, data merging, classification, and filesystem traversal. Proxy configuration relies on environment variables, which is common practice. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or malicious network activity are present. Recursive fetches are controlled via parameters, and data processing functions handle nested objects carefully. The malware score is 0, as no malicious behavior is evident. The code is clear and well-structured, with no signs of obfuscation. The security risk score of 0.2 reflects minimal inherent risk associated with environment variable-based proxy setup, which is typical in such utilities. Overall, the code appears benign, with no evidence of sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate set of utility functions for web scraping and data processing, with no signs of malware, obfuscation, or significant security vulnerabilities. The scores assigned in the reports are accurate and consistent with the analysis. No adjustments are necessary.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}