{
  "purpose": "This code sets up and manages a clustered Node.js application, spawning worker processes based on CPU cores or specified parameters, and handles their lifecycle events.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters for configuration (workerFn, masterFn, env, callbacks), and environment variables when setting up worker paths.",
  "sinks": "Calls to cluster.fork(env), potentially passing environment variables to workers, and dynamic require of master path modules.",
  "flows": "Configuration parameters → cluster setup → spawning workers via cluster.fork(env) → worker execution (workerFn).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; use of dynamic require for master path could lead to insecure module loading if input is untrusted; environment variables are passed directly to workers; no explicit validation of 'workerFn' or 'masterFn' paths beyond string prefix check.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages cluster lifecycle, including spawning, monitoring, and respawning workers. It handles different input types for worker and master functions, with fallback mechanisms. The dynamic require in 'fixMasterPath' depends on input, which could be exploited if malicious paths are supplied, leading to remote code execution or loading malicious modules. The environment variables are passed directly to workers via 'env' parameter, which could be unsafe if populated with untrusted data. However, there is no evidence of malicious intent or malicious code injection within this module itself; it operates as a standard cluster manager. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors are present. The module exports a single function, 'clusterize2', which invokes 'clusterize'. The overall code structure aligns with typical cluster management practices, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. There is a potential security concern in dynamic module requiring and environment variable passing, but these are common patterns and not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a cluster management utility for Node.js applications. It does not contain malicious code or behavior; however, it performs dynamic module requiring and environment variable handling that could pose security risks if inputs are untrusted. Overall, it appears safe for use in trusted environments with proper input validation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 1
}