{
  "purpose": "This code manages clustering of worker processes in Node.js, allowing dynamic configuration of worker count, scripts, and event handling.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as workerFn, masterFn, env, and paths; dynamic require in fixMasterPath; environment variables passed to cluster.fork.",
  "sinks": "cluster.fork(env) where environment variables are passed; dynamic require of master scripts; event handlers that log process info.",
  "flows": "Parameters influence worker spawning and script execution; environment variables flow into worker processes; dynamic require influences master script loading.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic require with unvalidated input paths; passing environment variables directly; no hardcoded secrets or obfuscation; standard cluster management pattern.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical Node.js clustering utility that spawns and manages worker processes, with configurable scripts and environment variables. It employs dynamic require for master scripts based on string paths, which could be exploited if inputs are malicious. Environment variables are passed directly to workers, which could pose risks if untrusted data is used. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The code does not contain suspicious network activity or malicious behavior. The main concern is potential misuse if external inputs are untrusted, but this is a common pattern in such utilities. The malware score is 0, as no malicious code exists. The obfuscation score is 0, given the clarity of the code. The security risk score is approximately 0.3, reflecting the potential for exploitation through dynamic require and environment variables if inputs are malicious, but no active malicious activity is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured cluster management utility with no malicious intent. While it employs dynamic module loading and environment variable passing, these are common practices that require proper input validation to mitigate risks. There is no evidence of malicious payloads or backdoors. Overall, the code is safe for use in trusted environments, with standard precautions regarding input validation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}