{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to manage and orchestrate clustering of worker processes in a Node.js environment, allowing for scalable and resilient server operation.",
  "sources": "Inputs include parameters for worker functions, master functions, environment variables, and configuration options provided to 'clusterize2' and 'clusterize' functions, as well as event data from cluster events.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flow occurs through environment variables passed to 'cluster.fork', logs that output process and cluster status, and callback functions invoked on worker events.",
  "flows": "The code flows from input parameters to setup cluster events, spawn worker processes, handle worker death and respawning, and execute master and worker functions, with some data passing through event callbacks and configuration options.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments are present. The code structure appears standard for cluster management. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious actions are evident.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a cluster of worker processes in Node.js, controlling their lifecycle through event listeners. It dynamically determines the number of workers, handles worker death with optional respawning, and executes provided worker and master functions. All data handling appears confined to process control, logs, and environment variables passed at fork time. There are no signs of obfuscated code, malicious data leaks, or suspicious network activity. The code's purpose aligns with legitimate cluster management. No anomalous or malicious behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code implements standard clustering logic for Node.js applications. It manages worker processes effectively, with configurable options. There are no indicators of malicious intent, malware, or security risks within this module. It appears safe for use within a legitimate server environment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}