{
  "purpose": "The code implements a text search and indexing system, allowing initialization, adding, updating, removing, and searching text objects within buckets. It manages internal data structures for text indices and dictionaries, providing a search API with validation and management features.",
  "sources": "Data inputs occur via method parameters such as textObjs, textObj, textKeys, and options; these are received through function calls. No direct external data source or environment variables are accessed.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include error handling which throws errors and logs messages. No code injection points or unsafe command executions are visible. The code does not perform network communication, file operations, or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Data flows from method inputs (textObjs, textObj, textKeys, options) through validation functions, then into internal index creation and update functions. The primary flow involves validation, data structuring, and index management without external dependencies or system calls.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are observed. The code contains extensive validation, proper use of constants, and no obfuscated or misleading code patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a structured API for managing text indices within buckets. It includes numerous validation functions to ensure data integrity and prevent invalid data insertion. Internal methods manage the creation, updating, and deletion of text objects and buckets. No network, file system, or environment variable interactions are present. The only noteworthy concern is thorough validation to prevent injection or corruption, which appears properly implemented. There are no signs of malicious code, external communication, or covert behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of a text indexing/search system with comprehensive validation and management features. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks based on current analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}