{
  "purpose": "A JavaScript class implementing text indexing and search functionalities with validation, index management, and configurable options.",
  "sources": "Input parameters for methods, external modules for text processing, validation routines, and configuration defaults.",
  "sinks": "Index data structures, validation functions, and search result filtering within the class methods.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through validation functions into internal index structures and scoring modules, then results are filtered and returned.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, suspicious external calls, obfuscation, or backdoors detected. Use of private fields and dynamic property definitions are standard for modular JS code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive, modular implementation of a text search/indexing system, utilizing validation routines to ensure data integrity. It manages multiple buckets and supports adding, updating, removing, and searching text objects. No external network activity or malicious behaviors are present. The use of external modules (_textHandler, _scoreHandler, _indexHandler) appears legitimate. The code structure, including private fields and validation, aligns with best practices. No obfuscation or suspicious patterns are evident. The validation routines are thorough, and error handling is standard. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, purpose-driven utility for text indexing and search.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate, well-structured open-source text search and indexing class with no signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or supply chain compromise. The security risk is minimal, primarily due to the complexity of validation routines but without any malicious intent. The malware and obfuscation scores are correctly set to 0, and the low risk score of 0.2 is justified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}