{
  "purpose": "This code provides a PostCSS plugin to adjust hue, saturation, and brightness of colors in CSS declarations using a custom 'hsb-adjust' function embedded in CSS property values.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from CSS property values, specifically those containing 'hsb-adjust(' expressions. The code also reads from the require'd modules 'postcss', 'parse-color', and 'postcss-value-parser'.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the transformation of CSS declaration values by replacing 'hsb-adjust' functions with adjusted color strings. No data is sent externally or leaks are apparent within this code.",
  "flows": "Source: CSS declaration values containing 'hsb-adjust('. Processed via parseColor and color conversion functions. Sink: Rewritten CSS declaration values with adjusted colors. Flow occurs through the 'adjustDecl' function that parses and modifies CSS values.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are detected. The code strictly manipulates CSS color functions. There are no external network requests, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms. No obfuscation or suspicious dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs color adjustments based on HSB (hue, saturation, brightness) modifications, converting colors between RGB and HSL color spaces, and applying adjustments. It reads CSS property values, identifies 'hsb-adjust' functions, parses parameters, and rewrites them with adjusted colors. Modules used are standard for CSS and color parsing. No external communication, system modification, or malicious payloads are present. The functions are deterministic and purely computational, designed for color manipulation within CSS. Overall, the code appears to serve a legitimate purpose related to CSS styling, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "This is a benign PostCSS plugin for color adjustments in CSS. No malicious or suspicious behavior found. It does not perform any external data transmission, system access, or other harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}