{
  "purpose": "This code defines and creates animations for a Minecraft character body within a 3D environment, likely using the THREEx animation framework and Three.js. It sets up various character poses and movements such as running, jumping, waving, etc.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'character' object, specifically accessing properties like arm and leg rotations (e.g., character.armL.rotation.z). It also defines internal variables and functions related to animation keyframes and tweening.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks that send untrusted data externally, connect to external servers, or perform network operations. No system or environment variables are accessed, and no system commands are executed.",
  "flows": "The data flow involves internal animation state updates where input data (character object rotations) are captured and used to modify character pose parameters. No external data or untrusted input flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "There are no unusual code patterns, obfuscated code, or hardcoded secrets. The code is well-structured and focuses solely on animation setup. No suspicious network or file system operations are present.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a set of predefined animations for a character model, using standard methods and well-understood JavaScript features. It manipulates object properties to animate character limbs, using tween functions for smooth transitions. No external inputs or outputs are involved, and no system or network operations are detected. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of character animations without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard animation setup for a character model, with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It solely manages internal character pose data and animation sequences. Therefore, it can be considered safe.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}