{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a syntax highlighting and code formatting library, likely used to display code snippets with color coding and line numbers on web pages.",
  "sources": "Reads include document elements (like 'pre', 'code', 'xmp'), class names, and inline styles or attributes within HTML nodes.",
  "sinks": "No clear sinks for untrusted data are present; the code primarily manipulates DOM elements for syntax highlighting. No network or data exfiltration points are detected.",
  "flows": "Input DOM nodes → Processing functions for syntax highlighting → DOM updates for displaying highlighted code",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily obfuscated with dense regex patterns, minified style, and complex logic typical of syntax highlighters. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No suspicious network activity, data leaks, or malicious behaviors are evident. The initial variable declarations focus on token definitions and regex for syntax parsing, which is consistent with standard syntax highlighters.",
  "analysis": "The script disables ESLint and initializes a syntax highlighter with various language definitions and regex patterns. It registers multiple language handlers for HTML, JavaScript, CSS, and others, configuring regex patterns for parsing language syntax. The functions for processing DOM nodes and applying syntax highlighting appear to be standard for such tools. There is no evidence of data exfiltration, network communication, or manipulation outside syntax highlighting. The code structure, while dense, aligns with typical syntax highlighting libraries like Google Code Prettify. No suspicious or malicious code constructs, such as backdoors, system modifications, or network leaks, are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a syntax highlighting library with obfuscated regex patterns and DOM manipulation functions. It shows no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It is likely a standard syntax highlighter embedded into a webpage for code display purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}