{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Webpack extension for handling Sass/SCSS styles, including rules for module processing, plugin insertion, and minimizer configuration.",
  "sources": "Imports from external modules such as 'mini-css-extract-plugin', 'optimize-css-assets-webpack-plugin', and '@zero-scripts' packages. Also reads options from the 'WebpackSassExtensionOptions' class.",
  "sinks": "Plugin instances like 'mini-css-extract-plugin' and 'optimize-css-assets-webpack-plugin' are created and inserted into Webpack configuration. No untrusted data is directly used in sensitive operations.",
  "flows": "Configuration options are passed to plugin constructors and loader functions without external input. The code constructs configuration objects based on preset options, then applies them to Webpack. No data flows from untrusted sources to sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded credentials, or obfuscated code detected. Use of safe parser 'postcss-safe-parser' is standard for CSS processing. The code appears to be standard plugin and loader configuration for Webpack build process.",
  "analysis": "The code extends Webpack configuration by inserting rules and plugins for handling Sass/SCSS files, with distinctions for module files and normal styles. Uses options to conditionally enable source maps and plugin configurations. No external or untrusted input influences critical security-sensitive operations. The code is well-structured, with typical plugin usage for build optimization. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate Webpack extension for style handling, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It follows standard patterns for plugin insertion and configuration, utilizing safe parsers and no suspicious external data. Overall, it poses no security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}