{
  "purpose": "This code defines a factory for creating interfaces and connections to a specific Ethereum smart contract, 'TokenFeeDetector'. It provides methods to instantiate the contract interface and connect to deployed contract instances.",
  "sources": "The code sources data from a predefined ABI array embedded within the module, which describes the contract's functions and errors. It does not process external inputs or user data.",
  "sinks": "There are no apparent sinks where untrusted data is processed or where sensitive data could be leaked. The code does not perform any network requests, data storage, or data manipulation based on external input.",
  "flows": "The code flows involve the creation of a contract interface and connecting to a contract instance at a specified address, using the provided ABI and signer or provider. These are standard operations without external data influence.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be autogenerated boilerplate for a smart contract interface with no suspicious or unusual code patterns. There are no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or dynamic execution features. The minified content at the end is part of the source map and does not contain malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical autogenerated factory for interacting with a specific Ethereum smart contract, including methods to create an interface and connect to deployed contracts. It uses the standard 'ethers' library. No external inputs are processed, and no data leaks or malicious behaviors are evident. The presence of source maps and minified content is consistent with standard build outputs and does not indicate obfuscation or malware.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, non-malicious boilerplate for Ethereum smart contract interaction. It does not contain any malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It is safe to use in the context of smart contract interaction.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}