{
  "purpose": "Provides text mining functionalities by constructing and executing dynamic SQL queries based on user inputs for related documents, terms, categories, and suggestions.",
  "sources": "User input parameters such as inputDocumentText, inputTermText, documentRestriction, termTypeRestriction, and other query-specific parameters.",
  "sinks": "SQL query strings built via string concatenation with user inputs, executed through client.exec().",
  "flows": "User inputs are directly interpolated into SQL statements, which are then executed by the database client.",
  "anomalies": "Use of direct string concatenation with user inputs without sanitization or parameterization; no evidence of input escaping or prepared statements.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs SQL queries dynamically by concatenating user inputs directly into query strings, which poses a significant SQL injection risk. While input validation via utils.checkParameters is performed, its implementation isn't shown; assuming it only checks types and presence, it does not sanitize inputs. No obfuscation or malware signs are detected; the code appears to be a straightforward interface to text mining database functions. The pattern of unsafe query construction is consistent across functions, making this a systemic vulnerability. The malware score is correctly set to 0, as no malicious code or behavior is present. The obfuscated score is 0, given the clear and straightforward code. The security risk score should be high (around 0.9) due to the potential for injection attacks if inputs are maliciously crafted. Therefore, the overall assessment indicates a legitimate but insecure implementation that requires refactoring to use parameterized queries or proper input sanitization.",
  "conclusion": "The code is functionally legitimate but contains a critical security vulnerability due to unsafe SQL query construction via string concatenation with user inputs. No malware or obfuscation is detected. The malware score remains 0, obfuscated score 0, but the security risk score should be high (~0.9). To mitigate this, the code should be refactored to employ parameterized queries or rigorous input sanitization to prevent SQL injection attacks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.9,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}