{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for creating and signing market and limit orders on a blockchain-based exchange, including calculations for order amounts and prices.",
  "sources": "Input data includes user order parameters (side, size, price, tokenID, expiration, etc.), signer object for signing orders, and optional parameters like taker address, fee rates, and nonce.",
  "sinks": "Order data is processed and transformed, then passed to buildOrder which constructs and signs the order; the resulting signed order is returned. No direct data leaks or network transmissions are visible here.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to calculate raw order amounts; these are converted into order creation arguments; then buildOrder signs the order. Market price calculations read position data to determine prices.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears standard with no unusual or suspicious code segments. The use of round functions, conditional defaults, and order signing are typical for order management. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs order creation, signing, and calculation functions for a blockchain exchange. It uses external libraries for units and order utils, employs configurable rounding, and handles user inputs safely via defaults. The logic for order amount calculations and market prices appears standard and transparent. No signs of malicious behavior, suspicious network activity, or malicious payloads are present. It processes data locally and constructs signed orders for blockchain transactions. No anomalies suggest malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical order utility module with no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. It correctly handles input data, performs standard calculations, and signs orders. The code appears safe and suitable for use in blockchain trading applications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}