{
  "purpose": "Generate customizable squircle (superellipse) SVG shapes for use as inline SVG, background images, or base64-encoded images, with options for rotation, size, fill color, and format.",
  "sources": [
    "Input options in createSquircle(opts) which are used to determine size, curvature, rotation, and format.",
    "External DOM elements in squircleBackground(target, opts) where the generated SVG is applied as background image."
  ],
  "sinks": [
    "Returning base64-encoded SVG data, potentially used as image sources.",
    "Returning URL-encoded SVG for CSS backgrounds, which can be injected into styles.",
    "Inserting SVG DOM nodes into the document via createSquircle, which may be added to DOM if used accordingly."
  ],
  "flows": [
    "Input options are processed in createSquircle.",
    "SVG path and element creation occur within createSquirclePath and createSquircleSVG.",
    "Output format determines whether SVG is returned as DOM node, base64 data URL, or CSS URL.",
    "In squircleBackground, the generated background URL is applied to a target element's style."
  ],
  "anomalies": [
    "Use of `btoa()` for base64 encoding without validation of input. Although safe here, it could be misused if the input is manipulated.",
    "The code does not perform input validation on options; malformed options could cause rendering issues but not malicious behavior.",
    "No external network requests or suspicious code execution observed."
  ],
  "analysis": "The code defines functions to create SVG shapes with customizable parameters and return them in different formats for embedding in web pages. It uses standard DOM methods to create SVG elements and set attributes. The functions for encoding to base64 or embedding as CSS background images employ standard encoding functions. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or secret handling are present. The code appears to be solely focused on generating SVG shapes and applying them as backgrounds, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a safe utility for generating and applying SVG shapes in web pages. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It simply creates SVG elements, encodes them, and applies them as styles. No malware signals or suspicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}