{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for geometric computations related to tetrahedra and triangles, such as calculating signed distances and point containment within a tetrahedron, likely for 3D graphics or physics simulations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from function parameters for points and vertices, with no external data or environment variables accessed. It uses local variables and data structures such as Float32Arrays for internal calculations.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present that lead to data leaks or security effects. The code does not perform network operations, file access, or execute external commands.",
  "flows": "Input points and vertices flow through geometric calculations, determinants, and distance computations within the functions. No external or untrusted data sources are involved, and no outputs influence system behavior beyond returning computed numerical values.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive mathematical calculations for geometry, but there are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or misleading variable names are present. All operations are standard geometric formulas, with comments clarifying layout.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly implements geometric algorithms for checking point containment within a tetrahedron and calculating distances to its surface. It uses determinant-based methods and vector math, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior. No network calls, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code appears focused on computational geometry, suitable for visualization or collision detection in 3D environments. Its mathematical nature and the absence of external data handling suggest no malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of 3D geometric computations for tetrahedron surface distance and point containment checks. There is no indication of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It appears safe and purpose-specific for 3D geometry processing.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}