{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to compute signed distance functions and point-in-tetrahedron tests, primarily for 3D geometry operations such as surface distance calculations and containment checks.",
  "sources": "Reads input coordinates (x, y, z), data from passed vertex arrays and objects (tet, p0, p1, p2, p3). No external data sources or untrusted inputs are explicitly referenced within the code.",
  "sinks": "Mathematical operations on input data, no explicit data leakage or external system interactions. No network or file system access is detected.",
  "flows": "Input coordinates are used in geometric calculations and distance computations, with the flow being straightforward mathematical processing. No data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspiciously obfuscated code. The code contains detailed geometric computations, but no unusual or malicious patterns are evident. No dynamic code execution or suspicious string manipulations are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements geometric algorithms for point-in-tetrahedron testing and distance calculation, relying on determinant-based calculations and vector mathematics. All functions are self-contained and do not perform network operations, file I/O, or system commands. No code appears intentionally malicious or designed to perform sabotage. The functions are mathematical and geometric in nature, with no signs of hidden behavior. The code is well-structured and does not employ obfuscation techniques or unusual language features. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate implementation of 3D geometry functions without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard mathematical implementation for 3D geometric operations related to tetrahedron containment and surface distance calculations. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It is safe for use from a security standpoint.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}