{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a collection of comments, variable assignments, function definitions, and console logs primarily for illustrative or testing purposes.",
  "sources": "Console logs, variable assignments, function declarations, and comments serve as data sources; no external input reading observed.",
  "sinks": "Console logs as output sinks; no data leaks or sensitive data handling identified; no network or file system access present.",
  "flows": "No identifiable data flow from untrusted sources to sinks; code mainly static with no dynamic input processing.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of comment-based macro-like syntax (__), multiple variable declarations with different styles, and various assignments to MyLibrary.VERSION suggest inconsistent or experimental code. No evidence of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behavior. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns. The code structure is superficial, primarily illustrative or scaffolding.",
  "analysis": "The code contains numerous console.log statements, variable declarations, and comment annotations that seem to serve educational or template purposes. The __ prefix indicates potential macro or placeholder usage, but no actual code execution or external data handling is evident. The variable assignments to MyLibrary.VERSION are straightforward, with no sensitive information or dynamic evaluation. There are no signs of data exfiltration, network activity, or malicious payloads. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code are detected. Overall, the code appears benign, mostly for testing, demonstration, or documentation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a non-malicious collection of illustrative statements, comments, and variable assignments with no evident security threats or malicious intent. It lacks external data processing, network activity, or suspicious behaviors. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}