{
  "purpose": "A comprehensive mathematical library for spline interpolation, curve evaluation, vector operations, root solving, and related utilities, primarily used for graphics, modeling, or geometric computations.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from 'points' and options objects, control points, and parameters within functions; no external data or network sources.",
  "sinks": "Internal computations with no external data leaks, network communication, or system modifications; no untrusted data flows outside mathematical processing.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input points and options through mathematical functions, root solvers, and vector operations, with no external data or side effects.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation; code is minified but uses standard mathematical functions and patterns. No suspicious or malicious code segments detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified, complex utility library for spline and curve interpolation, vector math, root finding, and curve evaluation. It contains no network activity, no external data access, and no dynamic code execution. The functions are standard for geometric and mathematical computations, with no signs of backdoors, malicious behavior, or obfuscation aimed at concealment. The high confidence scores (around 0.9-0.95) are justified given the code's purpose and structure. The malware score is 0, as no malicious signals are present. The risk score should be very low, reflecting the purely computational nature of the code.",
  "conclusion": "The dependency is a legitimate, open-source mathematical utility library for spline and curve computations. It contains no malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The code is standard, well-structured, and free of obfuscation or suspicious patterns. The scores should be set to malware=0, obfuscated=0, and risk=0, aligning with the analysis. The overall security risk is negligible, and the dependency is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}