{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for precise mathematical operations and expression evaluation in JavaScript, including addition, multiplication, division, and complex expression parsing.",
  "sources": "Function parameters such as 'num1', 'num2', 'expression', and 'variables', which accept input data; string manipulations within 'mixCalc' that process expressions; variable lookups from 'variables' object.",
  "sinks": "Replacement operations in 'mixCalc' that substitute variable names with their values; mathematical calculations using 'numDiv', 'numMulti', 'numSum'; no direct data leaks or external network calls are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function parameters into mathematical operations, variable substitutions, and expression parsing, with computed values resulting from these calculations. The flow appears standard for a calculator utility.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden code are detected. The code performs string replacements for expression parsing but does not execute any dynamic code or evaluate code strings. No obfuscated or misleading variable names. The comments and structure are clear and standard.",
  "analysis": "The code implements mathematical utility functions with input validation, preventing invalid numbers. 'mixCalc' processes string expressions, replacing variables with supplied values, handling parentheses, and performing operations respecting operator precedence. It ensures the correctness of the calculations and avoids code injection by only operating on sanitized expressions. No suspicious network operations, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. The pattern of replacing variables and computing expressions is typical for a calculator library. The use of string replacement and regex is safe in this context and does not pose code injection risks. Overall, the code is focused on calculation logic without any malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate mathematical utility library designed for precise calculations and complex expression evaluation. No malicious behaviors, malware, or security risks are detected. It does not perform any external data transmission or execute untrusted code. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}