{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for precise numerical calculations and expression evaluation, including addition, multiplication, division, and complex expression parsing with variable substitution.",
  "sources": "The code reads input through function parameters: 'num1', 'num2', 'expression', and 'variables'. These are provided by the caller at runtime and are used in calculations and variable replacements.",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations and returns numerical results, with no evident data leakage, network communication, or system modification. No external data or system calls are made.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (numbers, expressions, variables) are processed through parsing, variable substitution, and mathematical operations to produce a numerical output. There are no external or hidden data flows.",
  "anomalies": "The code replaces subtraction with addition of negatives, which is standard for expression parsing. No hardcoded credentials, network calls, or system modifications are present. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on precise numerical calculations and safe expression parsing by substituting variables and resolving parentheses. It carefully manages operator precedence and replaces variables with their values. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote code execution, or system sabotage are evident. The functions are self-contained, purely computational, and do not interact with external systems. The only potential concern is reliance on the provided variables, but this is typical for expression evaluation. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, well-structured calculator utility with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a mathematical utility for precise calculations and expression parsing, with no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It does not perform network operations, system modifications, or data leaks. The structure and logic are consistent with a safe computational library.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}