{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for precise arithmetic operations (addition, multiplication, division) and a complex expression evaluator that handles variables, parentheses, and operator precedence, aiming for accurate calculations without floating-point errors.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to functions: 'num1', 'num2', 'expression', 'variables'. The 'expression' parameter in 'mixCalc' function is a string that may contain variables and operators.",
  "sinks": "Evaluation of 'expression' in 'mixCalc' after variable replacement and recursive evaluation; computed numeric results returned by functions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> Variable replacement in 'mixCalc' -> Handling parentheses -> Sequential evaluation of division, multiplication, addition -> Final numeric output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets. Use of regex for variable extraction and expression parsing is standard; no unsafe dynamic code execution or network operations observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs arithmetic and expression evaluation tasks using regex replacements and recursive calls. It replaces variables with provided values and evaluates nested parentheses and operator precedence. No code injection, external network calls, or data leaks are detected. The functions operate solely on provided input data and internal calculations. The overall structure is typical for a calculator library, with careful handling of expression parsing. No anomalies indicating malicious behavior or sabotage are found.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions for precise calculations and expression parsing, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It appears safe and purpose-driven. The functions do not perform any network activity, file operations, or access sensitive data. Overall, the code is well-structured for its intended use without suspicious or harmful intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}