{
  "purpose": "This code provides pluralization functions supporting multiple languages, with cache management and rules addition for language-specific plural forms.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 's' cache object, environment variables are not used, and input values are passed as function parameters. Data inputs are mainly language codes and numeric values.",
  "sinks": "Return statements and function calls process numeric values and language codes. No direct data leakage, system modifications, or network activities are evident.",
  "flows": "Input language codes and numeric values are normalized and used as keys to retrieve rules from 's'. Numeric computations determine plural forms and are mapped through functions that do not involve external data sources.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically adds language rules via the 'add' function, but there are no hardcoded secrets or credentials. No obfuscated or minified code segments are present. No hidden network calls, file system access, or system modifications are visible.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a pluralization framework supporting multiple languages. It uses a cache ('s') to store rules added via 'add' calls. Functions normalize language codes, retrieve rules, and determine the correct plural form index based on numeric input. The rules involve straightforward mathematical and logical checks without external data, network activity, or system interaction. The module exports functions for pluralization and allows addition of new rules. No malicious code patterns, such as code injection, data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system manipulation, are present. The code appears purely computational and rule-based, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward, rule-based pluralization library for multiple languages. It dynamically loads rules but does not contain any malicious or suspicious code segments. There are no signs of malware, security risks, or supply chain attacks within this module.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}