{
  "purpose": "The code implements a native hook system for capturing global input events (keyboard and mouse) in Electron or Node.js environments, allowing registration of shortcuts and handling input events.",
  "sources": "Reads process.versions, environment variables (process.env.DEBUG), __dirname, and the native module requiring the binary file located at a constructed path. Also reads input events from the native hook module via the internal _handler method.",
  "sinks": "Emits events via EventEmitter, invokes registered callbacks for shortcuts, and logs info to console if DEBUG is set. No direct data leaks or system modifications observed.",
  "flows": "Process environment and version info → require native module → load native hook → receive input events → process shift/alt/ctrl/meta states → emit events and handle shortcuts → invoke callbacks or log.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code detected. The native module path is constructed dynamically, but this is standard for native binaries. No obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic eval, or misleading variables present. UseRawcode method provides flexibility but is not inherently malicious. No external network communication, data theft, or system modifications identified.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes by requiring a native addon binary based on runtime details, which is typical for native modules. The class IOHook manages input event capturing, shortcut registration, and event emission, using standard EventEmitter patterns. The code handles key state tracking and shortcut activation/deactivation cleanly, with no signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. Logging and debug modes are optional and do not impact security. No obfuscation, code injection, or suspicious behavior detected. The code’s purpose aligns with input event handling in a controlled environment, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a native input hook system for Electron/Node.js, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It manages input events and shortcuts responsibly, with standard patterns and no suspicious activities. The native module path is dynamically constructed but typical for such native integrations. Overall, it poses no significant security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}