{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to provide global input event hooking for keyboard and mouse events, allowing registration of shortcuts and handling input events in a Node.js or Electron environment.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (process.env.DEBUG), process versions and platform info, and file paths for native module loading. Also reads data from event messages received by the native module.",
  "sinks": "Emits events internally and calls callback functions for registered shortcuts. Uses a native addon (iohook.node) which may handle system-level hooks.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and process info influence module path. Native module calls trigger event handler (_handler), which processes event data and may invoke registered callback functions. Shortcut registration tracks key states and invokes callbacks upon shortcut activation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. Code contains straightforward logic for input event handling, registration, and native module loading. Uses Date.now() + Math.random() as shortcut IDs, which may produce non-unique IDs but does not pose malicious intent. No suspicious network activity, file operations, or obfuscated code. The native addon loading is dynamic but appears to load expected binary based on environment.",
  "analysis": "The script loads a native addon for capturing input events, then defines an IOHook class that manages input event registration, shortcut management, and event emission. The code includes methods to start/stop hooks, register/unregister shortcuts, and handle shift/alt/ctrl/meta keys. It processes incoming events and triggers user-defined callbacks for shortcuts. No evidence of malicious payloads, network connections, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The code is structurally sound, with no obfuscation or suspicious logic; all native interactions appear intended for input handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a keyboard/mouse hook system with shortcut registration. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It primarily interacts with native modules for event capturing and provides an API for managing shortcuts. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}