{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for handling GraphQL data normalization, string case conversions, pluralization, and safe object property access, primarily used to process and normalize GraphQL responses in JavaScript applications.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the 'data' parameter in the 'normalize' function and from GraphQL query strings parsed by 'parse'. It also reads properties from objects during normalization and case conversion functions.",
  "sinks": "Data is written into the 'normalized' object during normalization. Cache read/write operations interact with local storage mechanisms via 'cache.get' and 'cache.set'. String transformation functions process input data but do not execute untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'data' flows into the 'normalize' function, which traverses nested structures to populate the 'normalized' object. String inputs for case transformations and pluralization are processed and returned without executing code. Cache retrieval and storage are based on serialized data but do not involve code execution.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code relies on standard libraries and well-understood patterns. No dynamic code execution, network connections, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The use of 'console.warn' for warnings is typical, with no indication of malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of utility functions focused on data normalization, string case handling, and pluralization. It performs typical operations such as object property access, array handling, and string transformations. The 'GraphQLNormalizr' function manages normalization of GraphQL responses with optional caching, while string functions handle case conversions. There are no signs of malicious code, obfuscated logic, or malicious data exfiltration. Cache mechanisms utilize Map objects without external network interactions. The code appears to be a legitimate library for GraphQL response normalization and string case manipulation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility library for GraphQL data normalization and string case handling. It does not contain any malicious behavior or suspicious patterns. It performs expected operations using safe and common JavaScript practices. Overall, the code shows no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}