{
  "purpose": "This code defines utility functions and a main class 'GraphQLNormalizr' for normalizing GraphQL responses into a structured normalized form. It handles string case conversions, pluralization, and GraphQL query modifications to facilitate efficient data management.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data during normalization (parameter 'data' in 'normalize' function), processes GraphQL AST nodes ('visit', 'parse'), and reads configuration options from the constructor. It also reads environment variables for environment-specific warnings.",
  "sinks": "Data is written into a cache (Map 'cache') in the 'normalize' function. No external network, file, or system modification occurs. No direct untrusted data output or external communication observed.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into 'normalize' method, which traverses and processes data structure, then stores normalized entities in cache. Data from cache may be retrieved in subsequent calls. The 'addRequiredFields' function modifies GraphQL AST nodes during query parsing.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes functions for string manipulation, pluralization, and case conversion with no suspicious side-effects. The 'cache' uses JSON.stringify, which may throw errors if data is cyclic but is handled. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code performs environment-based warnings and logging but no hidden actions.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility library for GraphQL normalization. It processes input data, modifies GraphQL queries, and manages an internal cache. No network activity, system modifications, or suspicious data leaks are present. The presence of functions like 'normalize', 'addRequiredFields', and environment variable checks are standard for data normalization utilities. The code handles various data types safely, with exception handling around cache operations. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are identified. The string and case transformation functions are standard and do not introduce security risks. The code does not process untrusted code or execute external commands. Overall, it performs its intended purpose without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a data normalization utility for GraphQL responses, with standard string and data handling functions. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks based on the provided code. It is safe for use, assuming the context of normal application operation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}