{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for normalizing GraphQL responses, including string case transformations, pluralization, and schema normalization for client-side data management.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, environment variables, and external imports such as 'graphql'. It also accesses cache via Map and process.env for warnings.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include console warnings, cache set/get operations, and string manipulation functions. No direct data leakage or external network calls are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through normalization functions, with key source-to-sink paths involving reading data, transforming it, and storing results in cache. Warnings and error handling may involve environment variables or console output.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors detected. The code uses standard library functions and well-known string and object manipulation techniques. No obfuscated or suspicious code segments. All external functions are from trusted libraries or native JS.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of utility functions and a class constructor for GraphQL response normalization. It includes string case transformations, pluralization, object traversal, and cache management. The normalization process involves walking through GraphQL response data, building normalized entities, and optionally caching results. Environment variables are used solely for warnings, which are standard debugging practices. No code injects or executes untrusted code, no network calls, nor does it process external inputs in a malicious way. The code appears well-structured and legitimate, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of GraphQL response normalization and string utilities. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are detected. It adheres to safe coding practices and uses standard functions and external dependencies without suspicious modifications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}