{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for processing and normalizing GraphQL data, including pluralization, case transformations, and schema normalization, to facilitate client-side data management.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from function parameters such as 'node', 'root', 'data', and 'qs'. It also reads environment variables like 'NODE_ENV'.",
  "sinks": "Uses console warnings and logs; manipulates objects and arrays; does not write to files, network, or execute external commands; no database or system calls are present.",
  "flows": "Input data is processed through recursive walk functions; data is normalized and cached via in-memory Map; schema fields are added via AST manipulation; no external data flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors detected. Code contains extensive utility functions and some console warnings. No obfuscated or suspicious dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of utility functions for string case conversion, pluralization, object property access, and GraphQL AST manipulation. The core 'GraphQLNormalizr' function normalizes GraphQL query results into a structured form, optionally using caching and excluding certain fields. It adds mandatory '__typename' and 'id' fields to query selections and traverses nested data structures for normalization. No external network calls, system modifications, or malicious behaviors are observed. The code relies on environment variables and in-memory data structures without executing or injecting code dynamically. Overall, the implementation appears to be standard data normalization logic with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of data normalization and utility functions for GraphQL schemas. It does not contain malware or malicious behaviors. The security risk level is low, with no indications of sabotage or harmful intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}