{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for processing and normalizing GraphQL data, including string case conversions and pluralization, as well as a GraphQLNormalizr class for normalizing GraphQL responses into a structured format.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include GraphQL query strings (via 'parse'), GraphQL response objects passed to the 'normalize' method, and configuration options supplied to the GraphQLNormalizr constructor.",
  "sinks": "Data is written into an internal cache (Map) for normalization results; no external data sinks are evident. No network, file system, or environment variable modifications are observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input GraphQL responses into the 'normalize' method, which traverses the object graph to build normalized entities, potentially utilizing cache. String manipulations and case conversions flow through helper functions. No external systems or services are invoked during processing.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains numerous utility functions (e.g., pluralize, camelize, decamelize) with no suspicious behavior. The caching mechanism via a Map is standard, with error handling in place. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. No obfuscation, hidden code, or malicious behavior is evident. No network calls, system modifications, or data exfiltration routines are present.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility library for normalizing GraphQL data, including string case conversions and pluralization. The core class, GraphQLNormalizr, handles data normalization with optional caching, configurable entity naming, and connection handling. Helper functions are standard and do not demonstrate malicious intent. Error handling is basic, mainly logging warnings without any harmful side effects. No external or hidden network interactions or system modifications are found. Overall, the code is well-structured, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard utility library for GraphQL data normalization and string case conversion. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain attacks. The code appears safe for use and is aligned with normal data processing patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}