{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom promise-like implementation with enhanced control over promise states, callbacks, and cancellation support, likely intended for managing asynchronous operations with more explicit flow control.",
  "sources": "Reads include constructor parameters, callback functions (ok, fail, catch, finally, cancelled), and internal method calls such as resolve and reject.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are callback invocations (which can process untrusted data), and callAsFinally which executes user-provided functions with internal promise values or errors.",
  "flows": "Data flows from resolve/reject methods (sources) to callback functions such as ok, fail, catch, finally, or cancelled (sinks), with intermediate state changes and error handling. Callbacks may also receive untrusted data or errors.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network operations, or obfuscated code. The code heavily relies on user-provided callback functions, which could be malicious if misused, but this is typical for promise implementations. No hidden backdoors or malware-like behavior identified.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a custom promise mechanism with explicit control over states (resolved, rejected, cancelled). It supports chaining, error propagation, and cancellation. Callbacks are stored and invoked in response to state changes. There are no network operations, file access, or data exfiltration logic. The structure and behavior are consistent with a controlled promise utility, not malicious. It does allow arbitrary callback execution, which could be misused if the callbacks are malicious, but this is standard for callback-based asynchronous code. No suspicious or malicious behavior, code injection, or malware features are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, albeit custom, implementation of a promise-like control flow with support for cancellation and detailed callback handling. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It is safe in the context of supply chain security review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}