{
  "purpose": "This code implements a custom Promise-like system with added features such as explicit context management, support for cancellation, and detailed callback handling for success, failure, and finalization. It appears designed to provide a typed, controlled promise mechanism for asynchronous operations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input through the constructor of TypedPromise (via the action callback) and methods like resolve() and reject() which are called explicitly within the code itself. It does not read external data sources directly; it relies on user-invoked methods.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include callback functions (ok, fail, catch, finally, cancelled) which could process untrusted data if provided malicious inputs. The code itself does not perform unsafe operations like code injection, data leaks, or network communication.",
  "flows": "Source: User code or external invocation of resolve() and reject() methods → Data flows through callback functions (ok, fail, catch) which may process the provided values. These callbacks can be supplied by external code and potentially handle untrusted data, creating a source-to-sink path if such data is malicious.",
  "anomalies": "No signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or hidden backdoors. The code is straightforward, implementing a promise-like pattern with explicit control over callback execution. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network activity, or code injection features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a custom promise system with explicit context management, supporting cancellation and detailed callback control. It relies on user-supplied callbacks for handling success, failure, and finalization. There are no external data sources or network activity. The only potential risk is if untrusted data is passed into resolve() or reject() and then processed by user callbacks, which is a typical concern with asynchronous callback handling. The code does not perform any malicious operations such as network calls, file access, or data exfiltration. The structure is clear and adheres to standard asynchronous control flow with added features like cancellation. No suspicious patterns or malicious behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a well-structured, custom promise implementation that provides advanced control over asynchronous operations. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage, and there are no signs of malware or security risks embedded within. The main consideration is the safe handling of callback functions supplied by external code, which is typical for promise-based systems.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}