{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of helper functions for generating CSS calc() and clamp() expressions, primarily intended for use in PostCSS plugins to facilitate responsive design and CSS calculations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from CSS declaration values during the `walkDecls` processing, specifically targeting CSS function names and parameters within CSS code.",
  "sinks": "The code writes back modified CSS declaration values after replacing certain function calls with generated CSS expressions.",
  "flows": "Input CSS values containing functions like grid-space, responsive-value, dvh, svh, lvh, vw are matched via regex, then the corresponding functions are invoked with parsed arguments to produce replacement strings which overwrite original declaration values.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are present. The code performs pattern matching and string replacement for CSS functions, which is standard for a PostCSS plugin. No obfuscation, unnecessary dynamic execution, or hidden behaviors are detected. The regex and string operations are straightforward and transparent.",
  "analysis": "The script defines several CSS helper functions (gridSpace, responsiveValue, dvh, svh, lvh, vw) and an alias map for these functions. It creates a PostCSS plugin that walks through CSS declaration values, replacing function calls with their computed CSS calc() or clamp() expressions based on arguments. The regex pattern dynamically matches these function calls and invokes the appropriate JavaScript functions to generate the CSS strings. No user data, system information, or environment variables are accessed. There are no network requests, data exfiltration, or suspicious code behaviors present. The code operates solely on CSS string transformations intended for styling purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign PostCSS helper plugin that converts specific CSS function calls into calc() or clamp() expressions for responsive design. There are no indications of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It performs standard string parsing and replacement within the scope of CSS processing.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}