{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for generating CSS calc() and clamp() strings related to viewport and grid calculations, primarily intended for use in PostCSS plugins to facilitate responsive design.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from CSS declaration values during the regex replacement process within the PostCSS plugin (decl.value). It also reads configuration options if provided in the options parameter.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the modification of CSS declaration values (decl.value) in the PostCSS processing pipeline, which could potentially lead to malformed CSS if misused, but not malicious behavior. No data is sent externally or stored persistently.",
  "flows": "Source (CSS declaration values) -> regex matching of function calls -> application of function logic (like calculation) -> replacement of CSS values in decl.value.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically replaces CSS functions with calculated strings; however, it does not execute or evaluate any code beyond string manipulation. There are no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or unusual code patterns. The regex dynamically handles multiple function aliases, which is normal for such utility plugins.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple CSS utility functions for calculating viewport and grid-based measurements, which are used to generate CSS strings for responsive design. It constructs a regex pattern to identify function calls within CSS declaration values and replaces them with the corresponding calculated strings using the defined functions. The code runs in a controlled environment, modifying CSS values only, with no network activity, no system modifications, and no data exfiltration. It does not include any code that connects to external servers, executes system commands, or performs actions outside of CSS string generation. The structure and logic appear standard for a PostCSS plugin intended to generate dynamic CSS based on user-defined functions.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a utility library for CSS calculations used within PostCSS, with no evidence of malicious intent or malware. It simply manipulates CSS strings for responsive design purposes. The code does not perform any harmful actions, network operations, or data leaks. Its design aligns with typical plugin behavior, and there are no suspicious anomalies or malicious signals present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}