{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for generating CSS calc() and clamp() expressions used within a PostCSS plugin to transform CSS declaration values.",
  "sources": "CSS declaration values where functions like grid-space, responsive-value, dvh, svh, lvh, vw are called.",
  "sinks": "The regex-based replacement in CSS declaration values that replaces function calls with generated CSS expressions.",
  "flows": "CSS declaration values containing function calls -> regex matching these functions -> replacement with generated calc() or clamp() strings.",
  "anomalies": "Use of regex to parse function calls; no external data sources or system interactions; code is straightforward and un-obfuscated.",
  "analysis": "The code defines helper functions for CSS calculations and a PostCSS plugin that scans CSS declaration values for specific function calls. It constructs regex patterns from known function identifiers and replaces matched calls with corresponding CSS calc() or clamp() expressions. The code operates solely on CSS strings, with no external network or system access. No malicious code, obfuscation, or malicious behavior is present. The regex pattern is built from static, known function names, making it safe. The code's purpose is to facilitate responsive CSS layout calculations. The regex replacements are predictable and limited to known functions, with no evidence of malicious intent or data exfiltration. The overall behavior is benign, with minimal security risk associated with CSS string manipulation. The malware score is 0, and the security risk score is approximately 0.1, reflecting the low potential for harm. The code is clear, un-obfuscated, and straightforward, with high confidence in the benign assessment.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, utility module for CSS calculations within a PostCSS plugin. It performs regex-based string replacements to generate CSS expressions for layout and responsiveness. There is no malware, obfuscation, or malicious behavior detected. The scores assigned in the reports (malware: 0, security risk: ~0.1, obfuscated: 0) are appropriate and consistent with the code's behavior.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}