{
  "purpose": "The source code implements a WebGL-based IFC/wexBIM viewer, capable of loading, parsing, rendering, styling, interaction, and object picking within a browser environment. It is designed for visualization of 3D models with no malicious intent.",
  "sources": "Model data is loaded from URLs, Blob, or File objects; data is read via binary parser (xBinaryReader); textures and buffers are uploaded to GPU; framebuffer readback is used for object ID picking.",
  "sinks": "Framebuffer pixel readback for picking; no network activity beyond model fetch; no data exfiltration routines; no dynamic code execution or eval; no hidden network connections or backdoors.",
  "flows": "Model source → binary parsing → GPU buffer/texture uploads → rendering pipeline → framebuffer readback for ID decoding → user interaction events.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, obfuscation, or hidden routines detected. Shader code is embedded as string literals, which is standard. No network exfiltration or backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard WebGL IFC viewer, employing common techniques for model loading, parsing, GPU data transfer, rendering, and object picking. No signs of malicious activity, sabotage, or obfuscation are evident. External libraries are well-known and benign. The data flows are typical for such visualization tools, with no suspicious network activity or hidden code. Shader code encodes object IDs in colors, a common approach. No dynamic code execution or eval statements are present. The code operates solely within the browser environment, with no external command-and-control routines.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a legitimate, open-source WebGL IFC/wexBIM viewer with no signs of malware, sabotage, or obfuscation. It employs standard techniques and libraries, with no suspicious behaviors detected. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and overall security risk is negligible (~0.1). The provided reports are accurate and justified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}