{
  "purpose": "This JavaScript code provides a web-based 3D model viewer for IFC and wexBIM files using WebGL, supporting model loading, rendering, interaction, styling, and clipping.",
  "sources": "Reads input data primarily from URLs, Blob, or File objects during load() and load-related functions; accesses environment features such as WebGL extensions and DOM APIs; reads model data via xBinaryReader which processes ArrayBuffer, Blob, or File inputs.",
  "sinks": "Uses WebGL textures and buffers to upload model data to GPU; reads pixel data from framebuffer in _getID() for object picking; sets uniforms for shaders; no other data leaks or network connections observed.",
  "flows": "Loads model data from URL/blob/file -> binary parsing with xBinaryReader -> buffers/textures upload to GPU -> rendering via WebGL shaders; object picking renders to off-screen framebuffer and reads pixel color -> decodes ID.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors detected. The code extensively uses WebGL for rendering and object picking via color coding. No network communication outside loading model data and framebuffer readback. The shader code contains ID encoding/decoding but nothing suspicious. Clipping interaction creates SVG overlays, which is standard. No suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or hidden backdoors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a WebGL-based IFC model viewer with extensive rendering, interaction, styling, and clipping capabilities. It loads models from specified sources, parses binary data with xBinaryReader, and uploads model geometry, textures, and styles to GPU buffers/textures. Picking is implemented by rendering object IDs into an off-screen framebuffer and reading pixel data, which is a common technique. Shader code encodes and decodes object IDs through color channels, which is standard. No network connections or data exfiltration routines are present. No malicious code, hidden backdoors, or suspicious behaviors identified. The shader code uses ID encoding, normal calculations, and lighting but nothing indicative of malware.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a comprehensive WebGL IFC viewer implementing model loading, rendering, interaction, styling, and clipping without any signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It operates solely within the browser context, using standard WebGL and DOM APIs, and adheres to common graphics programming practices. The malware score is 0, security risk is minimal, with high confidence. No obfuscation or malware detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}