{
  "purpose": "The code implements dynamic sorting and filtering functionalities for a table with the class 'coverage-summary', enhancing user interaction on a webpage.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from DOM elements such as '#fileSearch' input value, table headers ('th'), and table cells ('td') with 'data-value' attributes. Data is also gathered from the table rows ('tr') during loadRowData().",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation occurs when changing display styles for filtering (row.style.display) and sorting (reordering table rows). Event handlers are attached to UI elements for sorting and filtering, but no direct data output or network communication occurs.",
  "flows": "Input from '#fileSearch' filters rows (onFilterInput). Sorting is triggered by clicking on column headers, which reorders rows based on data stored in 'row.data'. Data flows from DOM element attributes into internal data objects during loadRowData(), then back into DOM via DOM reordering or style changes.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or unusual behavior detected. The code relies solely on DOM operations, event handling, and standard data attributes. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or hidden behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The script disables ESLint, then defines a self-invoking function that manages table sorting and filtering. It gathers column definitions from table headers, loads row data from 'data-value' attributes, and enables UI interactions for filtering (based on input) and sorting (by clicking headers). The sorting functions reorder DOM table rows based on stored data. Event listeners are attached directly to UI elements for interactivity. There is no evidence of data exfiltration, code injection, or malicious actions. All operations are confined to DOM manipulation for user interface enhancement.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward implementation of table sorting and filtering with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It appears to be a benign utility for improving table usability, with no suspicious signals or malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}