{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React-based spinning prize wheel component with utility functions for randomness, color generation, and selection algorithms.",
  "sources": "Reads include React hooks (useState, useCallback, useImperativeHandle, useEffect, useMemo), imported dependencies, and environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV). It also reads component props and state variables for control flow and visual rendering.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network communications (none explicitly), DOM manipulations, and console warnings/errors. No direct data leak or external network activity observed.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data (props such as choices, rarityGroups, configuration) flow into internal state and are used to generate visual output and control animations. No apparent flow leads to data exfiltration or malicious network activity.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. All code appears to be standard React component structure, utility functions, and styling. No obfuscated code, eval, or dynamic code execution. Environment variables are used only for NODE_ENV detection, which is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a React component for a spinning wheel, utilizing randomness functions, color generation, and selection algorithms, with validation of input props. It imports React hooks and styled-components for UI rendering. No suspicious network calls, eval, or hidden behaviors are present. The code appears to be a well-structured UI component with utility functions for randomness and color, common in game or lottery-style interfaces. No signs of malicious behavior or sabotage are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React UI component for a prize wheel with utility functions, no malicious intent or behavior detected. It performs standard UI rendering and randomness operations for the wheel functionality. No security risks or malware indicators are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}