{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React-based spinning prize wheel component with utility functions for randomization and color generation. It is primarily for UI interaction and visual effects.",
  "sources": "Reads include environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), imported React hooks, and data passed as component props (e.g., choices, rarityGroups). No direct input sources are present within the code itself.",
  "sinks": "Uses props to influence visual output and state management; no sinks explicitly perform data leaks or external system calls. No network requests, file operations, or system modifications are detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input props (choices, rarityGroups, configuration) through internal state and utility functions, influencing visual rendering. No malicious source-to-sink paths are identified.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated logic. The code is structured for UI rendering and utility functions. No hidden backdoors or malicious logic are evident. The only potentially suspicious aspect is the use of 'process.env.NODE_ENV' for environment detection, which is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of React component definitions, utility functions for random selection, color generation, and a spinning wheel implementation. It does not include network communication, file manipulation, or other system-level operations. All data manipulations and visual effects are controlled via component props and internal state. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior. Usage of environment variables is standard for development/production differentiation. No code appears to perform sabotage or stealthy activities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React UI component with utility functions for a spinning prize wheel, with no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage. It appears to be a standard implementation for visual interaction, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}