{
  "purpose": "Sets up a development environment for a web application using Webpack Dev Server with hot module replacement.",
  "sources": "Environment variable process.env.NODE_ENV, unhandledRejection event handler, require statements for 'webpack' and 'webpack-dev-server', configuration file '../webpack.config.dev.js', process listening on a specified port.",
  "sinks": "Console logs, WebpackDevServer listening callback, throwing errors on unhandled rejections.",
  "flows": "Environment variable setting and event handling do not involve untrusted data. The server configuration and startup are static and controlled by the code and configuration files. No data flows from external untrusted sources to any sensitive sink that could cause harm.",
  "anomalies": "The code explicitly sets NODE_ENV to 'development', which is standard for development setups. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are evident. The process on unhandled rejection rethrows errors, which is standard debugging practice. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily initializes a Webpack development server with hot module replacement enabled. It sets environment variables, handles unhandled promise rejections by throwing, and starts the server on a specific port. The configuration relies on an external configuration file for Webpack settings. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as network exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The code is straightforward and standard for a development environment. No anomalies or suspicious code segments are detected. It does not read untrusted data or perform any actions that could be exploited maliciously.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a standard setup for a development Webpack server with no malicious intent or security risks detected. It lacks any suspicious behaviors, hardcoded secrets, or malicious payloads. The code is safe for use in a development environment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}