{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for logging, managing SQL dialects, handling database schema, and generating SQL-related names and types in a JavaScript environment, specifically for database schema management and query dialect handling.",
  "sources": "Process environment variables (process.env.DEBUG), input parameters to functions (e.g., collection, property, ctx, dbdriver), and external modules (require statements).",
  "sinks": "JSON.stringify for logging output, database execution commands (dbdriver.execute), string concatenations for SQL queries, and dynamic property handling (property.defaultValue).",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (such as collection, property, ctx, dbdriver) into SQL query strings or function logic, with output often being SQL commands or logged JSON.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation. Usage of environment variables appears standard. No signs of backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious external connections.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of utility functions related to SQL dialect management, schema handling, and logging. The logJson function includes environment-controlled logging, which is standard. SQL query functions build and execute queries based on schema definitions, with proper escaping and name generation. There are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or hidden network activity. External module usage is benign. The code does not perform any malicious actions; it is standard for schema and dialect management. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are present. Overall, the code appears to serve its utility purpose securely without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a collection of utility functions for database schema management, logging, and SQL dialect handling. It shows no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It performs standard operations like query building, environment logging, and schema processing safely. No suspicious or malicious activity was detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}