{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions to parse, resolve, and transform color values, including relative colors, in CSS processing contexts.",
  "sources": "Reads input from string values representing CSS color functions, tokens from tokenization, and cache retrieval functions.",
  "sinks": "Generates resolved color strings, cache storage, and may process tokens for color components; no direct data leaks or external communications observed.",
  "flows": "Input strings are tokenized, parsed, and transformed into normalized color representations, utilizing caches to optimize repeated resolutions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The code performs standard parsing and resolution tasks. It uses regular expressions for pattern matching and cache for performance but nothing indicates malicious intent. No network requests, system modifications, or data exfiltration logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically processes CSS color functions, resolving relative colors and channel values. It employs pattern matching and caching to improve performance. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution patterns are observed. It only performs color computations and string manipulations relevant to CSS parsing, with no external data transmission or system manipulation. Functions like 'resolveColorChannels', 'extractOriginColor', and 'resolveRelativeColor' perform well-defined, safe parsing and transformation tasks. The use of regular expressions is standard for pattern matching CSS functions and keywords. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate CSS color resolver with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, legitimate CSS color processing module with no signs of malware or malicious intent. It performs color parsing and resolution safely and efficiently, with no external or harmful side effects.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}