{
  "purpose": "A utility function that performs repeated and conditional task invocation, supporting both synchronous and asynchronous actions, with configurable pre- and post-condition checks, retry intervals, and limits.",
  "sources": "Inputs are provided via the 'options' parameter, which includes functions like 'when', 'until', 'action', 'fail', 'pass'. External dependencies include global functions like 'setTimeout', and potentially the 'globals' object for global scope exposure.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'action' callback, which may execute arbitrary code, and the use of 'setTimeout' for delayed execution. No direct data leakage or unsafe evaluations observed.",
  "flows": "Input functions ('when', 'until', 'action') are invoked to determine whether to proceed or retry; 'action' can be synchronous or return a promise. The retry logic employs 'setTimeout' with exponential backoff. 'fail' and 'pass' callbacks are invoked based on conditions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or obfuscated code. No dynamic code execution or network activity detected. The code structure appears standard for a retry mechanism with configurable conditions.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a configurable retry loop that checks pre-conditions ('when') before executing an action, then evaluates post-conditions ('until') to determine continuation or completion. It normalizes options with defaults, supports promises, and handles exponential backoff via 'interval'. The functions are well-structured with clear separation of concerns. No evidence of malicious intent, data leakage, or malicious network activity is found. The logic is straightforward, with no suspicious dynamic code evaluation or obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard utility for conditional retries with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs its intended purpose safely, relying on user-provided callback functions and standard timing mechanisms. No malware or security threats identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}