{
  "purpose": "This code initializes an AngularJS application module for a booking platform called 'bookable', configuring dependencies, filters, services, and directives to facilitate the application's functionality and UI.",
  "sources": "Reads data from external modules via require statements, primarily for configuration and dependency injection. Also reads scope data via $rootScope and scope variables.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data could flow into document.title, scope variables, and via AngularJS filters like 'unsafe' and 'unsafeurl', which trust HTML and resource URLs respectively.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external modules, user input (via scope and URL hash), and scope variables to DOM manipulation such as setting document.title and updating scope properties. No direct source-to-sink malicious flows evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated or suspicious dynamic code execution detected. The code appears to be standard application setup and configuration.",
  "analysis": "The code imports multiple dependencies, configures AngularJS modules, filters, and services. It defines a root scope load function that retrieves business info asynchronously and sets scope variables, updates document title, and emits events. No indicators of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, system modification, or hidden network activity. Usage of 'trustAsHtml' and 'trustAsResourceUrl' filters are standard for rendering HTML and URLs safely, not inherently malicious. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code segments. The code performs typical setup and configuration tasks for a web app.\n\nOverall, the script follows expected patterns for an AngularJS app bootstrap and does not contain malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical setup script for an AngularJS-based booking platform. It manages dependencies, scope initialization, and event handling without evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It is a normal configuration code with no security risks or malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}