{
  "purpose": "The code initializes an AngularJS application module 'bookable' with various dependencies, filters, services, and directives for a booking system interface.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from external modules (e.g., 'bookable', 'ng-apply', 'ng-formatter', etc.), DOM elements (via jQuery), and global variables such as location.hash. It also reads configuration via 'meta' utility.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the evalattr service, which processes potentially untrusted IDs and service IDs; and the document.title assignment. No direct dangerous data leaks or code injections are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external modules and user interactions through services and directives into the AngularJS scope, with certain data (like IDs) processed via evalattr, then influencing application state or DOM properties like document.title.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments detected. Usage of evalattr for IDs could be risky if not sanitized but appears controlled. No network communications or system modifications are present. The presence of multiple module imports is typical for a large app.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily sets up an AngularJS module with dependencies, filters, services, and directives. It performs a business info load during run-time, with error handling. evalattr processes IDs and service IDs, possibly from user input, but without evidence of malicious sanitization bypass or code injection. No obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or backdoors are found. All actions seem related to UI and app initialization. The code appears standard for a web app bootstrap with no malware indicators.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical AngularJS application setup for a booking system. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. No suspicious data leaks or dangerous operations are identified. Slight caution regarding evalattr usage, but no actual malicious intent is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}