{
  "purpose": "The code initializes an AngularJS module for the 'bookable' application, configuring filters, services, directives, and runtime behavior for a booking platform.",
  "sources": "Reads include external modules via require statements, especially user-provided or third-party libraries, as well as AngularJS scope variables and document properties.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve execution of evalattr on IDs and service method calls that could process untrusted data, and dynamic DOM manipulations via AngularJS scope and directives.",
  "flows": "Data flows from require-imported modules and scope variables into AngularJS services, filters, and directives; particularly, evalattr processes IDs and service calls fetch business info, but there are no evident data leaks or external network transmissions within this code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets identified. The code mainly performs standard module setup and configuration. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. Usage of evalattr on IDs could be risky if not sanitized, but this alone is typical in dynamic applications.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up an AngularJS module with various filters, services, and directives relevant to the booking system. It uses require statements to include dependencies, which are typical. The runtime loads business info via the _bookable2.default.info().exec() call, and assigns scope variables accordingly. evalattr is used to evaluate IDs and service IDs, which might be a point of concern if inputs are untrusted, but no malicious patterns or external data exfiltration are evident. There is no network activity or code that executes arbitrary code or leaks data within this module. All functions seem to be standard setup routines for a web app.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a typical application initialization script with no clear signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It handles data securely within the scope of its setup routines, with no evidence of backdoors or malware. Usage of evalattr warrants cautious sanitization but is not inherently malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}