{
  "purpose": "The code initializes an AngularJS application ('bookable') with various dependencies, filters, services, and directives for a booking or reservation system. It sets up configurations, loads business info, and registers components for the frontend.",
  "sources": "Data is read from external modules ('require' statements), global variables such as 'location.hash', and configuration functions like '_meta2.default'. It also reads 'document.title' and interacts with DOM elements via jQuery.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'scope.loaderror', 'scope.business', and 'document.title' modifications. Also, the code executes functions that could handle untrusted data, such as 'evalattr', and loads external modules. No direct data leaks or network calls are evident in this fragment.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external modules and 'location.hash' into scope variables and configuration functions. 'load' fetches business info, updating scope and DOM, while 'ensurebusiness' may trigger additional info fetches if conditions are unmet.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code appears to be standard AngularJS app setup with dependency injection, configuration, and DOM interactions. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily sets up an AngularJS module with various filters, services, and directives. It configures third-party components like pagination, and defines a 'load' function to fetch business info, updating scope variables and DOM title. It uses external modules for utility functions and handles scope data carefully. No evidence of data exfiltration, suspicious network activity, or malicious logic is observed. The 'evalattr' service is used for evaluating attributes but appears to be a standard utility. There are no indications of hidden backdoors, system data collection, or unauthorized external communications. The code is structured and includes standard security practices for an AngularJS frontend.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical frontend app initialization with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It operates within expected parameters, loading data and configuring UI components. No security risks or suspicious activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}