{
  "purpose": "This code provides a React context and hooks for managing augmented reality features using WebRTC and a custom ARNft class, primarily to handle camera input and marker loading for an AR application.",
  "sources": "The code reads user media devices to access the camera via navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia; it loads a camera parameter file and updates a video element's srcObject; it also reads configuration data for the ARNft class and manages marker URLs via React refs.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting the video element's srcObject with media stream data, and passing marker URLs to the ARNft class, which may process or load external resources based on the URLs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user media permission (source) to the video element srcObject; also from marker URL inputs (source) into marker management; the ARNft instance uses video and camera data for processing; there are no evident untrusted data flows leading to insecure outputs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hidden backdoors, or obfuscated behavior. Usage of standard WebRTC and React hooks appears normal. No hardcoded credentials or secret data is visible; external data (like camera parameters and marker URLs) are loaded from relative paths or passed as parameters, not hardcoded secrets.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard browser APIs to access the camera and manage media streams, which is typical for AR applications. It imports multiple polyfills from 'core-js' to ensure compatibility. The media stream is assigned directly to a video element without suspicious processing. Marker URLs are dynamically added to a React ref for AR marker management. No code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious network activity is evident. All imported modules and external files seem relevant and benign, such as camera parameters and marker images. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or obfuscated code beyond the use of standard polyfills and transpiled helpers.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a typical React-based AR module that manages camera input and marker loading with no malicious intent. It does not contain malware, suspicious data leaks, or security vulnerabilities. It uses standard APIs and practices, with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}