{
  "purpose": "Analysis of the provided JavaScript particle emitter code, focusing on potential malicious behavior, security risks, and code anomalies, especially regarding dynamic code execution and resource handling.",
  "sources": "The function parsePath() which uses 'new Function' to generate functions from path strings; texture loading via Texture.from; data input points for behaviors and spawn shapes.",
  "sinks": "Execution of arbitrary code via 'new Function' in parsePath; potential misuse if path strings are untrusted; texture string inputs if manipulated maliciously.",
  "flows": "Path strings processed in parsePath() flow into dynamic function creation; texture strings flow into Texture.from; configuration data flow into behavior initialization and spawn logic.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'new Function' for path parsing, which can execute arbitrary code if input is malicious; reliance on string inputs for textures and spawn shapes; no other suspicious code or backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The main security concern is the use of 'new Function' in parsePath(), which executes code constructed from input strings. While the code attempts to whitelist math functions, if path strings are crafted maliciously, this can lead to arbitrary code execution. No other malicious signals such as network activity, backdoors, or sabotage are present. Texture handling via Texture.from() is standard but could be exploited if inputs are maliciously crafted, though less critical than code injection. The scores assigned in the reports reflect the potential for exploitation: malware scores around 0.2-0.3 are appropriate if inputs are controlled; higher if inputs are untrusted. The overall security risk is moderate to high (~0.7-0.8) due to the dynamic code execution pattern. Proper validation, sanitization, or sandboxing of path expressions is recommended to mitigate this risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex particle emitter with a significant security concern stemming from the use of 'new Function' in parsePath(). If path strings are untrusted, this can lead to arbitrary code execution. No active malicious payloads are detected, but the pattern itself warrants caution. Ensuring input validation or avoiding dynamic function creation is advised. Scores should reflect the potential for code injection, with malware around 0.2-0.3 and security risk around 0.7-0.8 depending on input trust.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.3,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}