{
  "purpose": "The code defines various functional programming constructs and combinators for working with fp-ts, specifically for handling data types like Either, Task, IO, and Observable, with an emphasis on functional composition, error handling, and interop with RxJS Observables.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from imported modules, functions, and external libraries such as fp-ts and rxjs, and constructs functions that process data streams and handle errors.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily processes data within its functions, transforming and combining streams and data types. No direct data leaks or untrusted data sinks are present, but the functions do involve complex data flow handling.",
  "flows": "Data flows from imported modules into functional constructors and combinators, then through various transformations such as map, chain, or fromIO, and finally back into observable streams or data outputs within the module's scope. There are no external network or system calls, file operations, or untrusted data sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive boilerplate for functional constructs, with no evident hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The code appears to be a standard implementation of functional interop between fp-ts and RxJS.",
  "analysis": "The code is a complex TypeScript module implementing functional programming patterns for error handling and data stream management. It utilizes fp-ts libraries for Either, Task, IO, and Observable handling, creating constructors, destructors, and combinators for safe and composable data flow. The code is well-structured, with clear purpose, and does not include any network operations, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms. There are no hardcoded secrets, suspicious functions, or obfuscated parts. The use of standard library functions and patterns suggests this is a legitimate utility module designed for functional programming workflows.",
  "conclusion": "There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this code. It appears to be a standard, well-structured functional programming helper library for JavaScript/TypeScript projects using fp-ts and RxJS. The overall security risk score is very low, with no suspicious or malicious elements detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}