{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Higher-Order Component (HOC) in React that adds pan and zoom functionality to a wrapped component, primarily for interactive graphical interfaces.",
  "sources": "Reads include React component props (e.g., x, y, scale, scaleFactor, minScale, maxScale), event objects (wheel, mouse, touch events), and DOM measurements (getBoundingClientRect). No external data sources are explicitly read.",
  "sinks": "Uses ReactDOM.findDOMNode to access DOM elements, event handlers for wheel, mouse, and touch events that modify component state, and event listeners that can potentially alter or read user input. No data is sent over network or written to system files.",
  "flows": "Input events (wheel, mouse, touch) serve as sources, processed within handlers to adjust pan/zoom state, which is then passed as props to the wrapped component. No untrusted data flows to external systems or network.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or backdoors. The code is largely standard React/HOC structure. The code manages event listeners carefully, with proper cleanup. No obfuscated or suspicious language features. No dynamic code execution or suspicious string operations are present. No hidden or malicious code pathways detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a React HOC that manages pan and zoom interactions through event handlers. It calculates scale and position based on user input, updates internal offsets (dx, dy, ds), and calls callback props for external handling. It uses standard React patterns, DOM measurements, and event management, with no signs of malicious behavior or data exfiltration. No external network activity, file system access, or credential handling is present. The code's structure and content are consistent with typical UI interaction logic.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a React HOC implementing pan and zoom functionality for visual components. It operates purely within client-side context, handling user input securely. There are no signs of malicious intent, data leaks, or supply chain sabotage within this module.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}