{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Higher-Order Component (HOC) for React that adds pan and zoom functionality to wrapped components, primarily handling user interactions like mouse and touch events to manipulate viewports.",
  "sources": "Reads include event properties (deltaY, clientX, clientY), React props (x, y, scale, etc.), DOM node properties (getBoundingClientRect), and event listeners for user input.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the event handlers that process user input and update component state or invoke callback props, but no direct data leaks or dangerous system actions are present.",
  "flows": "User interactions (mouse wheel, mouse down, move, up, touch events) flow through handlers that modify internal state (dx, dy, ds) and call callback props (onPanAndZoom, onZoom, etc.). Data flows from user inputs through event handlers to updates or callback invocations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors detected. The code is a standard React HOC pattern with event handling logic. No obfuscated or misleading code found. Use of require() indicates reliance on external libraries but not suspicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a React HOC that adds pan and zoom functionalities with detailed event handling for mouse and touch inputs. It updates internal position and scale states, triggers callback props, and manages event listeners responsibly. No signs of malicious code such as network communications, data exfiltration, reverse shells, or tampering with system files are present. The code focuses solely on user interaction handling and visual transformations. The initial sections with __extends and __rest are standard TypeScript transpilation artifacts for class inheritance and object rest properties, not malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a typical, well-structured React component wrapper for visual interaction, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard React Higher-Order Component for pan and zoom features. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It purely manages user input events and updates visual states accordingly. There are no signs of malware or security vulnerabilities within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}