{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Grunt task for converting SVG icons into a webfont and generating related stylesheets and demo pages.",
  "sources": "Reads input SVG files from the file system; reads templates, configuration options, and codepoints files; reads package.json for version info.",
  "sinks": "Writes font files, stylesheets, demo HTML, custom outputs, and codepoints files to the file system; reads templates and font files; computes hashes for cache validation.",
  "flows": "Reads SVG files and templates -> processes and generates font files -> converts fonts to WOFF2 -> generates stylesheets and demo HTML -> saves cache hashes -> optionally reads/writes codepoints files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no suspicious network activity or external connections observed; code uses only standard modules and typical file operations. No obfuscation detected; all modules are explicitly required and standard.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of a Grunt task for font generation from SVG icons. It uses standard modules (fs, path, crypto, etc.) and external dependencies for font conversion and file handling. It performs expected operations such as reading source files, generating hashes for cache validation, creating output directories, converting fonts, generating stylesheets, and saving output files. No network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications are evident. All operations are contained within filesystem read/write activities. The only notable aspect is the use of cryptographic hashes for cache management, which is a common and benign pattern. No malicious code, backdoors, or sabotage mechanisms are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate build script for converting SVG icons into webfonts with associated stylesheets and demo pages. It employs standard practices and modules with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}