{
  "purpose": "Analysis of JavaScript dependency code for malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks, focusing on code patterns, obfuscation, and suspicious activities.",
  "sources": "Code execution points such as eval, Function constructors, dynamic require, network requests, environment variables, hardcoded secrets.",
  "sinks": "Data exfiltration points, network communication, file system access, environment variable access, dynamic code execution results.",
  "flows": "Sources like eval or network requests leading to data leaks or malicious payloads, possibly via obfuscated code or dynamic require.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation (scores > 0.7), use of eval or Function, hardcoded secrets, suspicious network requests, dynamic require, unusual variable naming, minified code without legitimate reason.",
  "analysis": "Report 2 exhibits multiple suspicious patterns including eval, hardcoded secrets, and network activity, justifying a higher malware score. Obfuscation is moderate, consistent with the code complexity. The security risk score reflects potential exfiltration. Report 3 is heavily obfuscated but lacks concrete malicious indicators, warranting a high obfuscation score but low malware risk. Reports 1, 4, and 5 show no significant issues, with scores aligned to their benign nature. Adjustments: increase malware score of Report 2 from 0.5 to 0.7 for stronger suspicion; slightly lower malware scores in Reports 3 and 5 to reflect the absence of confirmed malicious activity. Overall, scores are consistent with the evidence, with Report 2 being the most concerning and warranting further review.",
  "conclusion": "Most code snippets are benign or obfuscated without evidence of malicious intent. Report 2 shows significant suspicious patterns justifying higher concern, but no definitive malicious payloads are confirmed. Obfuscation levels are appropriate. The overall risk remains low to moderate, with the highest concern in Report 2. No critical revisions are necessary, but further runtime analysis is recommended for heavily obfuscated or suspicious code.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.7,
  "securityRisk": 0.65,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}