{
  "purpose": "This code defines a PostCSS plugin named 'postcss-spacing' that generates utility classes for spacing, margins, paddings, auto margins, and gaps based on configurable parameters.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters from the atRule.params, which are parsed in parseParams(). It also uses default options and allows overrides via at-rule parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code writes generated CSS rules and declarations into the stylesheet using atRule.after() and constructs new Rule and Declaration objects.",
  "flows": "Input parameters → parseParams() → modifies options → generate() creates CSS rules and declarations → injected after the atRule.",
  "anomalies": "The plugin generates numerous CSS utility classes for spacing, including auto margins, with fixed 'auto !important' declarations. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or system interaction observed. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious behaviors. The code structure and logic are straightforward and typical for a CSS utility generator.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a CSS utility generator plugin for PostCSS, creating classes for spacing and margins based on options. It uses a standard approach: parsing parameters, setting defaults, generating classes via the generate() function, and appending them after the original at-rule. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network requests, or code injection. All generated classes and modifications are purely CSS rules. The only noteworthy aspect is the use of '!important' in all generated declarations, which is common in utility CSS but does not indicate malicious intent. The code does not obfuscate or hide functionality and operates solely within the scope of stylesheet modification.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate PostCSS plugin for generating spacing utility classes. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. Its purpose is to automate CSS class creation for spacing, with configurable options. No anomalies or suspicious activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}