{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for multi-level access and manipulation of nested JavaScript objects or arrays, including get, set, delete, keys, each, find, map, values, filter, findWhere, size, and keyLen.",
  "sources": "The functions read input data from the 'array' parameter passed to each function, which is expected to be an object or array. No external sources or untrusted input handling is explicitly shown in the code.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily manipulates data structures; potential sinks are indirect and include places where data is returned or assigned. No explicit external output, network communication, or system commands are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (arrays/objects) through functions that traverse or modify these structures, often based on provided keys. No external sources or sinks that involve untrusted data transmission are identified.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a utility library with standard practices. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious code patterns, or unusual behaviors are observed. The 'normKey' function currently returns the key unaltered, indicating potential for future normalization but presently inert. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of utility functions for nested object/array manipulation, including deep get/set/delete, key extraction, iteration, searching, mapping, and size calculations. It uses lodash for iteration and matching. The functions handle nested structures via recursive calls and key path arrays. No input validation beyond type checks is performed, but since this is a utility library, it relies on correct usage. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are detected. The code does not perform network operations, execute system commands, or handle sensitive data explicitly. It appears to be safe and intended for data structure management.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard utility library for managing nested JavaScript objects and arrays. It does not contain malware, malicious behaviors, or security risks. No obfuscation or suspicious patterns are identified. It is safe to use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}