{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for nested object/array access and manipulation, including get, set, delete, and traversal methods.",
  "sources": "Input data structures passed to functions; user-supplied callback functions ('fn') in traversal methods.",
  "sinks": "Potential execution of user-supplied callback functions ('fn') during traversal methods like each, find, map, filter, findWhere.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input structures through traversal functions, invoking user callbacks, which could execute malicious code if callbacks are malicious.",
  "anomalies": "Use of user-supplied callback functions ('fn') in multiple methods; no code injection or external network activity; straightforward logic; no obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard nested data utility library relying on lodash, with functions for accessing, setting, deleting, and iterating over nested structures. No malicious payloads, external calls, or obfuscation are present. The only potential security concern is that callback functions ('fn') supplied by users could contain malicious code, which would execute during traversal. This is a common pattern in such utility libraries and does not indicate malicious intent within the library itself. The malware score is 0, as no malicious code exists. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. The security risk score is approximately 0.1, reflecting the potential risk if callbacks are malicious, but this is external to the library's core logic. Overall, the code is safe and benign, with minimal inherent security risks, primarily related to how it is used with external callback functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured utility library for nested object manipulation. No malicious code or obfuscation detected. The only minor risk stems from the execution of user-supplied callback functions, which is a typical pattern and does not constitute a security flaw in the library itself. Scores are consistent with this assessment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}