{
  "purpose": "This code defines a collection of getter properties that dynamically require various type modules related to different data fields, likely for use in a larger system such as a content management or schema framework.",
  "sources": "Require statements within getter functions, which load modules from relative paths when accessed.",
  "sinks": "Module loading via require() functions; no direct data sinks, but dynamic module loading could be exploited if paths are manipulated externally.",
  "flows": "Getter invocations trigger require() calls, which load modules; data flow is limited to module loading and does not involve untrusted input.",
  "anomalies": "The use of dynamic getters for require() may obscure module dependencies but does not inherently indicate malicious activity. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. The pattern is common in modular codebases.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes an object with numerous getter properties, each requiring a specific module related to data types. This pattern defers module loading until each property is accessed, which is typical for lazy-loading modules in Node.js. No user input, environment variables, or external data sources are involved in this code snippet. It does not perform network requests, file manipulations, or execute code based on external data. The require paths are static strings, reducing risk of injection. The code appears to be part of a larger codebase that modularizes data type definitions. There are no indications of obfuscation, malware, or malicious behavior. All require calls are straightforward, and the code does not contain any suspicious or hidden logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard pattern for modular lazy-loading of type modules using getters. It does not exhibit malicious intent, obfuscation, or suspicious activity. It is a safe and typical code snippet used in larger systems for organized module access.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}