{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for formatting and serializing JavaScript objects into custom string representations, supporting different styles like default, minimized, and JSON-like formats.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the 'val' parameter in the 'stringify' and '_stringify' functions, which can originate from user-controlled or external sources, and configuration options in 'config'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the '_stringify' function's recursive processing of 'val', generating string outputs. There are no direct network or file system operations, but the serialized output could be used elsewhere. No evident data leakage or external communication is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input variables 'val' through the '_stringify' function, where it is recursively processed and transformed into string format based on type and configuration, without external side effects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code uses standard regex patterns and straightforward serialization logic. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or suspicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines formatting configurations and functions for serializing JavaScript values into string representations, supporting different styles like default, minimal, and JSON formats. It employs standard data handling and string escaping mechanisms. No external communication, credential handling, or obfuscation is present. Recursive serialization includes circular reference detection to prevent infinite loops. The regex patterns focus on string formatting, with no signs of malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate utility for data serialization without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard serialization utility with no signs of malware or malicious activity. It safely converts JavaScript objects into string formats based on configuration, with proper handling of circular references. No security risks or malicious behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}