{
  "purpose": "A configurable data serialization utility that converts JavaScript objects into formatted strings, supporting circular reference detection and custom styles.",
  "sources": "Input data provided to the stringify function, including objects, arrays, strings, numbers, booleans, and null values.",
  "sinks": "The code itself does not write to external systems; potential issues arise if untrusted data with maliciously overridden toJSON or toCBON methods is serialized, possibly leading to code execution during serialization.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through _stringify, which calls object methods (toJSON, toCBON) if present, then serializes properties or array elements, with string escaping and circular reference checks to prevent infinite loops.",
  "anomalies": "The code relies on object method overrides (toJSON, toCBON) which could be maliciously overridden in untrusted data, posing a potential security vector. Regex patterns are standard for string escaping; no obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward, configurable serializer handling various data types and circular references. Regex patterns are benign, used for escaping strings. The only notable concern is the reliance on object methods like toJSON and toCBON, which can be overridden maliciously in untrusted data, potentially leading to code execution during serialization. No external network or file operations are present. The code is not obfuscated and appears well-structured. The malware score is 0, as no malicious payloads are detected. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear. The security risk is minimal but slightly elevated (0.3) due to the potential for malicious object method overrides, a known JavaScript pattern, not a flaw in the code itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, standard serialization utility with configurable styles. No malware or obfuscation is present. The main security consideration is the potential for maliciously overridden toJSON or toCBON methods in untrusted data, which could lead to code execution during serialization. This is a common JavaScript pattern and not an inherent flaw. The overall risk is low but should be acknowledged when serializing untrusted data.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}