{
  "purpose": "The code sets up input event listeners for mouse and keyboard actions and registers keyboard shortcuts using the iohook library, primarily for logging user input events and handling shortcuts.",
  "sources": "Input events such as 'mousedown', 'keypress', 'keydown', 'keyup', 'mouseclick', 'mousewheel', 'mousemove', 'mousedrag' and shortcut registration triggers.",
  "sinks": "Console.log statements that output event data and shortcut activations, which could potentially expose untrusted input data if misused.",
  "flows": "Input events are captured from the system (sources) and logged directly to the console (sinks); shortcut triggers invoke callback functions that also log to the console.",
  "anomalies": "No malicious code, obfuscation, or suspicious network activity detected. The code relies on a local module '../index.js', which could be a custom or tampered version of iohook, raising potential supply chain concerns.",
  "analysis": "The code employs the iohook library to monitor system-wide input events and register keyboard shortcuts. It logs all input data to the console, which could be privacy-invasive if misused, but no malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or system modification is present. The use of a local module '../index.js' instead of a standard package warrants scrutiny, as it could be a vector for malicious code. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscation or hidden payloads. The assigned malware score is 0, reflecting no evidence of malicious intent. The security risk score is low (~0.2), considering potential misuse for privacy invasion. Confidence in this assessment is high (0.9), given the clarity of the code and lack of suspicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a benign input logger with shortcut capabilities. There are no signs of malware or obfuscation. The primary concern is verifying the integrity of the imported '../index.js' module to mitigate supply chain risks. Overall, the code is safe in its current form, with low malware and security risk scores, but vigilance regarding dependencies is advised.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}