{
  "purpose": "This code sets up keyboard and mouse event listeners and registers shortcuts using the iohook library to detect user input and specific key combinations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input events from the user's mouse and keyboard via the iohook library's event listeners and shortcut registration functions.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs information about input events and shortcut key presses to the console using console.log().",
  "flows": "Input events (mouse and keyboard) detected by iohook are processed and logged to the console. Shortcut registration listens for specific key combinations and logs messages or unregisters shortcuts.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward, primarily logging user input and managing shortcuts. There are no hardcoded credentials, suspicious network activity, or hidden behaviors. Usage of iohook itself is not suspicious, as it's a legitimate library for capturing system input events. No obfuscation or unusual code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The script imports iohook, sets up event listeners for various mouse and keyboard events, and registers shortcuts for specific key combinations (CTRL+F7 and ALT+F7). When these shortcuts are pressed, messages are logged, and one shortcut unregisters itself after activation. The code appears to be intended for capturing user input and reacting to specific key presses. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or covert communication. The use of iohook is consistent with input monitoring, which is common in accessibility or automation tools. No suspicious code anomalies or obfuscation are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as an input monitoring and shortcut handling tool using iohook. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. The overall security risk is minimal, and no malware indicators are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}