{
  "purpose": "Set up global input event listeners and keyboard shortcuts using the ioHook library to log keyboard and mouse events.",
  "sources": "Require the '../index.js' module, which presumably exports the ioHook object; listens for various input events such as 'mousedown', 'keypress', 'keydown', 'keyup', 'mouseclick', 'mousewheel', 'mousemove', 'mousedrag'; registers keyboard shortcuts with specific key combinations.",
  "sinks": "Console logging of event messages and shortcut key arrays; potential untrusted input from keyboard or mouse events being logged.",
  "flows": "Input events from mouse and keyboard (sources) are logged to console (sink); keyboard shortcut registrations (sources) trigger console logs and unregister actions (sink).",
  "anomalies": "The code primarily sets up event handlers and shortcut registrations. No hardcoded credentials, data exfiltration, or malicious code are visible. No obfuscation or suspicious network activity. Use of ioHook for logging input is standard for keylogger-like tools, but alone, it is not malicious without context.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes the ioHook library to monitor various user input events and logs them to the console. It registers two keyboard shortcuts: one with CTRL+F7 and another with ALT+F7, where the latter unregisters itself after being triggered once. All actions are confined to logging to the console. There are no signs of malicious data exfiltration, system modification, or malware behaviors. The use of input event listeners and shortcut registrations could be part of a keylogger or automation tool, but in isolation, it is not inherently malicious. No external network activity, data theft, or backdoors are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code sets up input event listeners and keyboard shortcuts with ioHook, primarily for logging purposes. There are no malicious behaviors or malware indicators present in this snippet. However, given the nature of input logging, it could be used for malicious purposes if misused, but as-is, it appears to be a benign setup.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 1
}