{
  "purpose": "This code provides middleware for handling Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) policies based on provided options, enabling or restricting resource access from different origins.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'options' parameter (initial configuration), HTTP request headers (req.header('Origin')), and query parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code sets HTTP headers such as 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin', 'Access-Control-Allow-Credentials', 'Access-Control-Expose-Headers', 'Access-Control-Max-Age', 'Access-Control-Allow-Methods', and 'Access-Control-Allow-Headers' in the response object.",
  "flows": "Input options influence the configuration stored in 'params'. Incoming request's 'Origin' header triggers logic that conditionally sets response headers, controlling cross-origin access.",
  "anomalies": "The code sets 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' to '*' unconditionally if 'allowOrigin' is undefined or explicitly set to '*', which might be overly permissive. No evidence of hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious logic. The method of processing options is straightforward and aligns with standard CORS configuration. No obfuscated code or unusual language features detected.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes configuration parameters for CORS, processing options and request headers to determine appropriate response headers. It carefully manages the 'Vary' header when multiple origins are allowed, which is a best practice. The default behavior allows all origins ('*') if not specified, which can be risky in sensitive environments but is a common pattern. No dynamic code execution, network connections, or data leaks are present. The code does not include malicious or suspicious behavior, nor does it perform any malicious activities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard CORS middleware implementation with permissive defaults. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this code segment. Its security impact depends on the configuration used; permissive defaults could pose security concerns if used in sensitive contexts, but the code itself is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}