{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define utility functions related to promise handling, such as aborting, retrying, sleeping, and batch processing of asynchronous tasks, with some accompanying license comment. It seems intended for use as a utility library for asynchronous control flow management.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the global context (globalThis, window, self, global), defines functions, and exports them. It also attempts to access document and process objects. The code uses standard property checks and object definitions to set up functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the exported functions which can execute asynchronous code; however, there are no direct sinks that handle untrusted user input or network connections. No data leakage or direct data manipulation is observed.",
  "flows": "Input data such as promises or delays are handled within functions (abort, retry, sleep, warmAll). The flow involves invoking these functions with user-defined promises or delays, managing their execution and error handling internally. No untrusted data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily focused on promise control utilities with license information comment. No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. The code does not perform any network communication, data leakage, or malicious activity. The code structure and content are consistent with standard utility functions.",
  "analysis": "The script defines functions for aborting promises with timeout (abort), retrying promises with limit (retry), delaying execution (sleep), and executing multiple promises with limits (warmAll). It includes a license comment indicating Microsoft authorship. The code uses standard JavaScript constructs, object property checks, and Promise API. It exports these functions for use elsewhere. No obfuscation, malicious behavior, or suspicious activity is evident. It does not perform network operations, access environment variables, or interact with the system beyond managing promises.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign utility library for managing asynchronous tasks and promises. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The code is well-structured, uses standard patterns, and contains no malicious signals.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}