{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a combination of polyfills, utility functions, and Promise-based task management tools, likely part of a larger library or framework. It also includes licensing information from Microsoft, suggesting inclusion of a standard utility library.",
  "sources": "Reads include environment detection (globalThis, window, global, self), try-catch blocks around functions, and function parameters. No direct external input reading appears; most data is internally defined or passed as arguments.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks that handle untrusted data leading to data leaks, network requests, or system commands. No calls to eval, new Function, or similar unsafe dynamic code execution are present.",
  "flows": "The code does not demonstrate any source-to-sink data flow. It mainly defines functions and utilities without external data injection or output operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified, containing many obfuscated, compiler-generated, or polyfill-related segments. There are license comments from Microsoft, which are benign. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network connections are evident. The pattern is consistent with standard polyfill or utility library code.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines environment detection, polyfills for object property definitions, and utility functions for Promise handling and task management. It includes standard licensing from Microsoft, indicating inclusion of well-known utility code. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are found, such as network connections, data exfiltration, or command execution. The code structure and comments suggest legitimate polyfill/library functions. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. Its obfuscated appearance is due to minification and complex utility definitions, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a complex, minified utility library likely for Promise management and environment detection. No malicious behavior or sabotage signs are present. The code appears benign, serving standard utility functions with no security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}