{
  "purpose": "The code provides a JavaScript class for interacting with Komfovent units via HTTP requests, including login, mode setting, data retrieval, and ID fetching functionalities.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters such as username, password, IP addresses, mode objects, and data field names; data is also fetched from HTTP responses and scraped HTML content.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve making HTTP requests with axios, particularly POST requests for login and mode setting, and GET requests for data scraping. Data is processed and returned in JSON objects, and request errors are thrown as exceptions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (username, password, IP, mode, name) are validated and used to construct HTTP requests; responses are checked for success or failure, with control flow depending on the HTTP response status and content; HTML pages are scraped for specific content based on selectors.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain hardcoded credentials or suspicious external domains; it uses standard modules (axios, cheerio). No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or unusual variable usage detected. No clear signs of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious system commands. Error handling is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The module functions primarily for interfacing with a device via HTTP, with input validation, request handling, and HTML scraping. All HTTP requests appear to be directed towards the specified IP address and standard Komfovent URLs. No suspicious external domain calls, no data leakage outside normal operation, and no hidden or malicious code patterns. The structure and coding style are typical for such device integrations. The absence of obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or malicious payloads indicates a low likelihood of malware. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present; the only sensitive data are user inputs which are properly handled.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate device interface library for Komfovent units, with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or supply chain threats. It performs standard HTTP interactions and HTML scraping for device management. Therefore, it poses a very low security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}