{
  "purpose": "This script manages downloading and installing prebuilt binaries for a Node.js native module (iohook), including configuration handling and platform-specific logic.",
  "sources": "Configuration files (iohook.config.js), package.json (supportedTargets), environment variables (npm_config_targets, npm_config_platforms, npm_config_arches), user input for runtime, abi, platform, arch, and external URLs for downloads.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to download URLs via 'nugget', file system writes for extracted binaries, console logging, and potential error propagation.",
  "flows": "Reads configuration and environment variables to determine download URLs and platform-specific parameters, then performs network requests to fetch prebuild files, extracts them to the filesystem.",
  "anomalies": "Uses external URL (GitHub) to fetch prebuilt binaries, which is standard; however, it directly reads configuration files without validation, and constructs download URLs dynamically based on package info and environment variables, which could be manipulated. No hardcoded secrets or credentials detected. No obfuscated code, no suspicious dynamic code execution. Uses 'rc' to read npm configs, which is standard but can include proxy settings.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical prebuild download and installation logic, including reading environment variables and configuration files. It constructs URLs based on package data, environment, and user inputs. It uses 'nugget' to fetch files over HTTPS, with strict SSL enabled, and extracts tar.gz files. No code injection or malicious behavior appears present. The code does not perform any data exfiltration or suspicious network activity. It relies on user-supplied environment variables and config files, which could be manipulated but are not inherently malicious. No backdoors, data leaks, or malware-like behaviors are evident. The only potential concern is dynamic URL construction for downloads, but this is standard for such installers.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard prebuild installer script for a Node.js native module, involving download, extraction, and configuration logic. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or malware indicators. It appears secure, with typical practices for handling configurations and network requests. No malicious or sabotage activities detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}