{
  "purpose": "Download and install prebuilt binaries for iohook based on system and package information, using external configs and environment variables to determine build targets.",
  "sources": "Package.json data, environment variables (npm_config_targets, npm_config_platforms, npm_config_arches), local configuration file ('../../iohook.config.js')",
  "sinks": "Network requests to GitHub for binary downloads, file system extraction of binaries",
  "flows": "Constructs download URL from package data and environment variables, loads external config, downloads binary, extracts to local build directory",
  "anomalies": "Loads external configuration file without validation, constructs URLs dynamically from environment/package data without signature verification, no content validation of downloaded binaries",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard download and extraction of prebuilt binaries, with dynamic URL construction based on package and environment data. It loads an external configuration file ('../../iohook.config.js') without validation, which could be manipulated if an attacker controls the filesystem. The download URL is built from package version and system info, and the process does not verify the integrity or authenticity of the downloaded binaries via signatures or checksums. No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are detected. The use of standard modules and straightforward logic indicates the code is benign. The primary security concern is external input manipulation and lack of verification, which could lead to downloading malicious binaries if inputs are compromised. The malware score is appropriately 0, as no malicious activity is evident. The obfuscated score is 0, given the code clarity. The security risk score, currently around 0.2-0.3 in reports, is justified due to external input reliance and missing verification steps. Overall, the code is a typical build script with moderate security considerations related to external dependencies and input validation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign and performs expected tasks for prebuilt binary management. No malware or malicious intent is detected. The main security risk stems from external configuration and the absence of binary integrity verification. The current scores are appropriate; a slight increase in the risk score could be justified if emphasizing the verification gap, but overall, the code is considered safe with recommended improvements for verification mechanisms.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}