{
  "purpose": "The code provides various functions for hashing and multiple pseudo-random number generators (PRNGs), along with utility functions for generating random values, colors, selections, and distributions based on PRNGs.",
  "sources": "Input is read from function parameters such as 'seed', 'prng', 'array', 'object', and 'weights'. The 'seed' parameter in 'cyrb128' and 'randomGaussian' is user-provided; 'prng' parameters are user-supplied objects or strings.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform any network operations, file modifications, or access system resources directly. It returns generated values and warnings; no data leakage or system interaction is evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs (seeds, objects, arrays) into hashing and PRNG functions; these flows produce pseudo-random outputs. No untrusted data flows into dangerous sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. The code uses standard cryptographic and PRNG techniques without obfuscation or unusual language features.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple PRNG algorithms and hashing functions that operate solely on input parameters and internal calculations. It uses well-known methods like 'cyrb128' for hashing and standard PRNGs (sfc32, splitmix32, mulberry32, jsf32, xoshiro128ss). Functions like 'random', 'randomBoolean', 'randomSign', etc., generate pseudo-random values based on user-supplied seeds or objects. The code includes no network, file, or system interactions, nor does it perform any malicious activities such as data exfiltration, command execution, or code injection. All operations are deterministic and confined to value generation.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a collection of standard hashing and PRNG utilities intended for random value generation in applications, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It operates purely on input data without interacting with external systems. Therefore, the likelihood of malicious behavior is extremely low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}