{
  "purpose": "The code provides various pseudo-random number generators (PRNGs) and utility functions for generating random values, colors, items, and properties based on a seed or parameters.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters such as seed, object properties, array contents, and optional PRNG configurations.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs random numbers, booleans, signs, colors, array items, object properties, indices, and Gaussian-distributed values; these are generally used within the application logic.",
  "flows": "Input data (seeds, objects, arrays, weights) is processed through hashing functions (cyrb128) or directly used in PRNG algorithms; the generated random values are returned or used internally.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or backdoors are evident. No suspicious network activity, system modification, or data exfiltration appears to be present. The code solely implements standard PRNG algorithms and utility functions; no malicious code, obfuscated, or misleading constructs detected.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises several well-known PRNG algorithms (sfc32, splitmix32, mulberry32, jsf32, xoshiro128ss) and associated utility functions. These are implemented straightforwardly without obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or hidden behaviors. Hash functions are used to seed the PRNGs, which is standard practice. All functions perform expected operations related to generating pseudo-random data; no network calls, file system access, or other side effects are present. The functions accept parameters, and outputs are derived directly from deterministic algorithms. No signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or suspicious data handling are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of reputable pseudo-random number generators and utility functions designed for randomness in JavaScript. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. The implementation appears legitimate and intended for application-level randomness. No obfuscation or malware signals are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}