{
  "purpose": "This module provides various pseudo-random number generators (PRNGs) and utility functions for generating random data types, including integers, floats, booleans, colors, items from arrays, and Gaussian distributions, primarily based on seed inputs.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from function parameters such as 'seed', 'prng', 'array', 'object', and 'weights'. It also reads from internal function calls like 'charCodeAt', 'Object.keys', and 'Math.random' within the PRNG algorithms.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of 'Math.random' (via custom PRNGs), string manipulation for colors, and array/object property access. No direct system or network interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (seeds, objects, arrays) flow through various hash and PRNG functions, producing pseudorandom outputs used in other functions (e.g., randomBoolean, randomInt, randomFloat). The seed-based hash functions are used as sources for the PRNGs, which then generate outputs based on the internal state.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears well-structured for generating pseudorandom data. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are evident. No obfuscation or malicious dynamic code execution is present. The functions are deterministic and do not perform external network or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code implements multiple standard PRNG algorithms (sfc32, splitmix32, mulberry32, jsf32, xoshiro128ss) and utility functions that generate random data based on seed inputs. It uses 'cyrb128' to produce hash values from string seeds, which are then used to seed the PRNGs. The code is transparent, modular, and employs standard cryptographic hashing and pseudo-random algorithms. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, remote connections, or backdoors. All functions are pure and deterministic, serving typical randomness purposes. The use of multiple algorithms provides flexibility but no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of seed-based PRNGs and random data utilities with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It operates solely within the scope of generating pseudorandom values for legitimate purposes. No security risks or malware indicators are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}