{
  "purpose": "Provide various hash and pseudo-random number generation functions for use in JavaScript applications.",
  "sources": "Input source is primarily from function parameters such as seed strings, numerical values, or objects. The seed parameter in 'cyrb128' is a source of external data. The 'prng' parameter in various functions may include seed and algorithm info, which could be externally supplied.",
  "sinks": "Return values from hash functions and PRNG functions. No direct data leaks or untrusted data processing that could lead to security issues are apparent. No network or system-level sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input seeds and parameters flow into hash and PRNG functions, which process and return pseudo-random numbers or hashes. No external untrusted data flows into sensitive system areas or causes side effects.",
  "anomalies": "The code implements standard hash and PRNG algorithms. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. No obfuscated or malicious code features are detected. No network activity, file operations, or system modifications are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code provides standard hash functions and several well-known PRNG algorithms, with configurable inputs. The functions are deterministic and do not include any network calls, file operations, or system modifications. The seed handling and algorithm selection are flexible but do not pose security risks. The code does not perform any hidden or malicious actions; it solely generates hashes and pseudo-random values. There are no suspicious behaviors or anomalies related to malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a set of cryptographic and PRNG utility functions with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. It is a standard implementation of hash and pseudo-random number generation functions suitable for various applications.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}