{
  "purpose": "A collection of helper functions and classes for file operations, string manipulation, date/time conversions, object handling, directory listing, and executing system commands in Node.js.",
  "sources": "File reading functions, environment variables, command-line arguments passed to 'system' function, and input parameters for 'system' and 'spawn' functions.",
  "sinks": "Child process spawn and exec calls that execute system commands based on input parameters, potentially leading to command injection if inputs are untrusted.",
  "flows": "Input parameters to 'system' or 'spawn' functions flow directly into system command execution without sanitization, potentially leading to command injection if inputs are malicious.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'spawn' and 'child_process' to execute commands based on external input without validation; no obfuscation or malicious code detected; standard utility functions.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility functions for file I/O, type detection, string truncation, object sorting, directory listing, and date/time conversions. The 'system' function uses 'child_process.spawn' to execute commands based on input arguments, which could be exploited if inputs are untrusted. No signs of malware, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The main security concern is the potential for command injection via 'system' if inputs are not sanitized before use. The code itself is benign and straightforward, with no malicious payloads or obfuscation. The malware score is 0, as no malicious code is detected. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and readable. The security risk score is estimated between 0.2 and 0.4, depending on context, due to the potential misuse of 'system' with untrusted inputs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility library with a known security concern regarding executing system commands without input validation. There is no malware or obfuscation present. The primary risk is command injection if inputs are not sanitized before being passed to 'system' or 'spawn'. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is approximately 0.3, reflecting potential misuse but no malicious intent within the code itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}