{
  "purpose": "The code provides a collection of helper functions and classes for file operations, string manipulation, object sorting, directory listing, system command execution, date and time conversions, and utility functions for JavaScript development.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters, file system operations (fs.readFileSync, fs.writeFileSync, fs.readdirSync), environment variables (process.env), and command line arguments (via spawn).",
  "sinks": "Outputs to stdout and stderr, file writing, and executing system commands via spawn. Also, JSON.stringify output for object representation.",
  "flows": "Function calls such as read_file, write_file, append_file, list_dir, system, and type_of handle data flow from sources to sinks, with some data being written to files, output to console, or used in system commands.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The system() function executes arbitrary commands, which could be misused if user input is untrusted, but in the context of this code, it is a utility function. The code uses potentially dangerous filesystem operations (read/write/append) but with try-catch, and no dangerous pattern is evident outside of standard utility functions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a utility library for common Node.js operations. It includes file reading/writing, directory listing, process spawning, object sorting, string manipulation, and date/time functions. All functions appear to be standard and safe, with no evidence of malicious behavior or intentional sabotage. The spawn function in system() allows command execution, which could be dangerous if user input is uncontrolled, but as a utility function, it is not inherently malicious. No hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code are present. The code structure is straightforward, and no suspicious patterns or behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility library providing common helper functions for JavaScript development. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The use of system command execution should be used with caution, but in the context of this module, it appears intended as a general utility. Overall, the code appears safe with a very low malware and security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}