{
  "purpose": "Collection of helper functions for file operations, data type checks, string manipulation, system commands, and date/time formatting.",
  "sources": "Reads file content via 'fs.readFileSync'; executes system commands via 'child_process.spawn'; accesses process.env for environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Outputs to stdout via process.stdout.write; writes to files using fs.writeFileSync; spawns child processes for system commands.",
  "flows": "File read/write functions could process untrusted data; 'system' function executes commands with potential input; outputs data from commands to stdout.",
  "anomalies": "Uses 'eval'-like dynamic system command execution, which can be manipulated if user input is passed unchecked. No explicit input validation shown. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. Function 'pobj' logs object info to console, which is benign. No obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility functions without any direct user input handling or network operations. The 'system' function could be risky if user-supplied commands are passed directly; however, no input validation or command sanitization is visible, posing a potential security concern. Other functions handle file IO, data types, and date formatting safely, assuming proper usage. No malicious or sabotage code like data exfiltration, network connections to suspicious domains, or backdoors is present. The code structure and format are straightforward and not obfuscated. The code's primary risk lies in the execution of system commands without validation.",
  "conclusion": "This module is mainly utility functions with potential risk in the 'system' command execution if misused with untrusted input. No malicious behavior, malware, or suspicious activity is evident within the provided code. The code itself appears benign, but caution should be exercised when integrating with user input.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 4
}