{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebGL-based IFC/wexBIM 3D model viewer, handling model loading, binary parsing, GPU buffer and texture creation, shader compilation, user interaction, styling, and clipping. It processes external model data securely within the client environment without executing dynamic code or network exfiltration.",
  "sources": "Model data is loaded via URL, Blob, or File, then parsed into buffers and textures for rendering. User interactions influence rendering states and camera controls. No external or untrusted data sources are used beyond initial fetches.",
  "sinks": "GPU buffers and textures for rendering, readPixels for object picking, and event callbacks. No data exfiltration, code injection, or network activity beyond model fetches is present.",
  "flows": "Model data flows from external sources into binary buffers, then into GPU textures and buffers for rendering. User interactions modify states and camera matrices. The rendering pipeline is confined to GPU operations and event-driven updates.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments are detected. Shader sources are static and typical for visualization. No obfuscation or external dependencies indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured, standard WebGL IFC viewer. It loads models securely, processes data into GPU buffers, and renders with standard shaders. No signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or obfuscation are present. Data flows are typical for visualization tools, and no network activity suggests data exfiltration. Shader code and data parsing routines are standard and transparent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate, open-source WebGL IFC model viewer with no signs of malicious activity or sabotage. It adheres to standard practices for client-side 3D visualization. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and overall security risk is approximately 0.1, reflecting minimal concern.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}