{
  "purpose": "This code provides serialization and deserialization functions for AMF0 and AMF3 formats, along with RTMP command handling. It is used for encoding and decoding data in streaming protocols.",
  "sources": "Functions reading data from buffers (e.g., amf3decUI29, amf0decString, amf3decString, etc.), input parameters to encoding functions (e.g., strings, numbers, objects).",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data sources are buffers being parsed; however, no external sinks or data exfiltration points are present. No network calls or external system interactions are detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from buffers into decoding functions (sources to sinks), and from data inputs into encoding functions (inputs to buffers). No suspicious or malicious source-to-sink flows are identified.",
  "anomalies": "Incomplete functions (e.g., amf3encArray, amf0encTypedObj) that throw errors or are placeholders. No obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or malicious code patterns are present. No external or dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard serialization/deserialization routines for AMF0 and AMF3, with functions handling buffers and data types straightforwardly. The incomplete functions are marked as placeholders, indicating ongoing development. No signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The functions do not perform network activity or access sensitive data. The code is clear, with well-structured buffer operations, and uses logging for debugging. The overall logic aligns with typical protocol handling modules, and no suspicious patterns are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign implementation of AMF serialization with some incomplete functions. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or obfuscation. The minor security risk stems from incomplete functions that could cause runtime errors but do not pose security threats. The supply chain risk is minimal, and the code appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}