{
  "purpose": "Implement a JSONP loader that dynamically creates a callback function, injects a script tag with a URL, and handles the response data.",
  "sources": "The URL string, the dynamically generated callback function name, and the global window object where the callback is assigned.",
  "sinks": "The global window object where the callback function is assigned, and the script element appended to the document's head.",
  "flows": "The URL is parsed to extract the callback name; the callback function is assigned to window[callbackName]; the script element with src set to the URL is appended to the document; upon execution, the callback function is invoked with data, which then triggers cleanup.",
  "anomalies": "Lack of validation or sanitization of the URL or callback name; global assignment of callback functions without namespace management; no checks for malicious URL sources.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard JSONP pattern by creating a unique callback function name, assigning it to the global window object, and injecting a script tag with the provided URL. It does not sanitize or validate the URL or callback name, which could be exploited if the URL is controlled by an attacker. The callback function removes the script element after execution and stores the received data. The code is straightforward, not obfuscated, and contains no malicious payloads. The primary security concern is the potential for malicious scripts to be loaded if the URL source is compromised. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious code present. The obfuscated score is 0, given the clarity of the code. The security risk score is estimated at 0.4, reflecting moderate concern due to lack of validation but no active malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This is a typical JSONP implementation with no signs of malicious activity. The main security issue is the absence of validation for URL and callback name, which could be exploited if external sources are malicious. The code itself is clean and straightforward, with no obfuscation or malware. The overall security risk is moderate, warranting caution when using untrusted URLs, but there is no evidence of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}