{
  "purpose": "The script automates the process of testing, version bumping, building, publishing an npm package, and pushing changes to a git repository, serving as a release automation tool.",
  "sources": "User inputs from inquirer prompt; execution commands via execSync (jestCommand, npm version, npm publish, git commands); current working directory and environment variables.",
  "sinks": "execSync calls executing shell commands (tests, build, version bump, publish, git push), which can run arbitrary code or commands.",
  "flows": "User's choice from prompt determines version bump command; execSync runs tests, builds, bumps version, publishes, and pushes to remote repositories based on this input; data flows from user input into command strings and execution outputs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The script uses standard tools and commands typical of release scripts. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. No external network communication other than standard npm and git commands. All commands are predictable and related to package release workflow.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard release automation script, executing commands like tests, build, version bump, publish, and git push in sequence. It includes user interaction via inquirer to select release type. The commands executed are typical and do not contain embedded malicious payloads. The script does not perform any data exfiltration, unauthorized network communication, or malicious system modifications. It relies on standard Node.js modules and command-line tools. No anomalies or malicious behavior identified. It appears to be a typical CI/CD script for package deployment.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard release automation script for npm packages. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. It performs expected operations for package publishing with no suspicious activities. The security risk is minimal, and the script is safe within its intended context.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}