{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a React component rendering some UI elements with dynamic styles and images, likely for a customizable progress bar or indicator.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from props (configuration, dataSource), environment (self.location), and internal variables. It also references some assets via URL mappings and uses callback functions that may originate from parent components.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting styles dynamically based on input data, setting image sources, and invoking callback functions. No evidence of direct data leakage, system commands, or network communication within this snippet.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and internal variables into style calculations, URL references, and callback invocations. User interactions (onClick) trigger callback functions passing string identifiers like 'onclick'. No network or data exfiltration flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are detected. The code contains extensive dynamic style calculations and image URL mapping, which could be used maliciously if combined with malicious input, but alone, it appears to be standard dynamic styling logic. Console logs are present, which could leak sensitive info during development but are not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component that creates a styled UI element with images and dynamic styles based on input configuration. It references assets via data URLs and local paths, and uses environment variables (self.location) for URL resolution. It also contains console.log statements for debugging. No network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification is detected. The dynamic style and URL generation are typical for customizable UI components, not inherently malicious. The presence of console logs suggests development or debugging context rather than malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a React component focused on rendering a customizable UI element, with no direct evidence of malicious behavior or malware. It performs dynamic styling and asset referencing typical of UI components. No malicious signals or security risks are identified in this isolated code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}