{
  "purpose": "This code implements an embedded JavaScript templating engine (EJS) with support for Promises and Streams, facilitating dynamic HTML rendering with embedded JavaScript logic.",
  "sources": "Reads input data via function parameters, configuration options, environment variables (e.g., require('../package.json').version), and file system reads (e.g., fs.readFile).",
  "sinks": "Executes dynamically generated JavaScript code via the Function constructor (GeneratorFunction), handles file reading, and manages streams (Stream.PassThrough, Stream.Transform).",
  "flows": "Template text is processed and transformed into JavaScript source code, which is then executed in a Function constructor context. File includes are resolved and read, then compiled into functions that can be invoked with data objects.",
  "anomalies": "Uses dynamic code generation with new Function, which can be risky if input templates are untrusted; however, typical for template engines. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors found. No obfuscated code or unusual language features detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily compiles and executes user-provided templates into functions, using the Function constructor to dynamically generate code, which is standard for templating engines but carries inherent risks if templates are malicious. It reads files asynchronously, caches templates, and supports streaming output via Node.js streams. No evidence of malicious behavior such as network communications, data exfiltration, or reverse shells. There are no indications of backdoors, hidden code, or attempts to leak data outside expected template processing. Usage of 'require' for internal modules and standard Node.js libraries (stream, mz/fs) appears normal. The code is well-structured, with no suspicious code snippets or unusual control flows. The dynamic code compilation is typical for template engines and does not suggest malicious intent outside of the inherent risks associated with eval-like functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of an EJS templating engine with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs dynamic template compilation and rendering using common Node.js patterns. While it involves dynamic code execution, this is expected for such a module and does not inherently indicate malicious activity. No malicious signals or backdoors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}