{
  "purpose": "The code implements a standard open-source EJS templating engine for Node.js, enabling dynamic HTML generation through template compilation and rendering.",
  "sources": "Reads template files via 'fs.readFile', processes template strings, and includes external templates using 'resolveInclude'. Uses 'new GeneratorFunction' for dynamic code compilation.",
  "sinks": "Executes compiled template functions, streams output via 'stream.PassThrough', and reads included templates from filesystem. No external network activity or data exfiltration observed.",
  "flows": "Template source is compiled into a function; data is passed into this function, which executes generated code. Included templates are resolved and read from filesystem, then compiled and executed within the main template context.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, suspicious external calls, or obfuscated code detected. Commented-out code appears benign. Use of 'new GeneratorFunction' is typical but warrants caution if templates are untrusted.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical implementation of a server-side templating engine, utilizing dynamic function creation for performance and flexibility. It reads templates asynchronously, caches compiled functions, and supports streaming output. No malicious code, backdoors, or data leaks are present. The use of 'GeneratorFunction' is standard for such engines, though it introduces potential injection risks if templates are untrusted. Commented sections are benign or for debugging. Overall, the code aligns with common patterns and does not exhibit signs of obfuscation or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, open-source implementation of the EJS templating engine, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The use of dynamic code generation is typical but should be used with trusted templates. The supply chain security risk is minimal, with malware and obfuscation scores at 0, and a low overall risk score (~0.2).",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}