{
  "purpose": "The code implements an embedded JavaScript templating engine (EJS) for rendering templates from strings or files, supporting features like Promise and Stream, and integrating with Node.js environment and Express.js.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters, reads template files via 'mz/fs' (async file system), resolves included files with 'exports.resolveInclude', and reads files in 'handleCache' and 'includeSource'.",
  "sinks": "Executes dynamically created functions via 'new GeneratorFunction' (user input or file content), writes data to streams ('PassThrough' and 'Stream'), and processes include sources for further evaluation.",
  "flows": "Template source code and included file content flow into dynamic function construction ('GeneratorFunction'), which executes with passed data; data flows from user input or file reads into these functions; streams handle output data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or suspicious obfuscated code; the code involves dynamic code generation and stream handling but appears to be standard for a templating engine. The code for creating functions with 'new GeneratorFunction' is normal for templating engines, not suspicious. Commented-out code and verbose debug logs are present but benign. No hidden backdoors or malicious data transmissions are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of an EJS templating engine, supporting asynchronous file reading, caching, include resolution, and dynamic code execution through 'GeneratorFunction'. It handles template parsing, debugging, and stream output management. The dynamic function creation occurs in 'compile', which is typical for templating engines to compile template strings into executable functions. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets, network calls to suspicious domains, or any signs of malware such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or unauthorized access. Usage of streams and dynamic function creation is standard in templating systems, and all evaluated functions are for template rendering purposes. No anomalies indicating malicious intent are present; the code's structure and comments suggest it is a legitimate, standard implementation of a templating engine with no suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, legitimate implementation of the EJS templating engine for Node.js. It uses dynamic function compilation and stream handling consistent with templating systems. No signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware are detected. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}