{
  "purpose": "This code implements an embedded JavaScript templating engine (EJS) with Promise and Stream support, used for rendering HTML templates with embedded JavaScript.",
  "sources": "File reads (via 'mz/fs'), module requires ('stream', './utils', '../package.json'), and internal template processing functions.",
  "sinks": "Template compilation, dynamic Function constructor, code execution via 'new GeneratorFunction', file reading, and callback invocations.",
  "flows": "File content is read and processed into JavaScript source code; the code is compiled into a function; the function is invoked with template data, resulting in output streams or strings.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'GeneratorFunction' to dynamically create functions from template code; presence of commented-out code blocks that suggest possible previous or future code injections; no hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors; no network calls or data exfiltration present; no obfuscated or misleading variable names; extensive use of dynamic code execution which is standard for template engines but warrants cautious review.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of an EJS templating engine, with functions for handling cache, file includes, and template compilation. The use of 'new GeneratorFunction' to compile template source into executable functions is expected for such engines, and it is properly scoped. File reads are performed via 'mz/fs' for async operations, and no suspicious external network activity or data exfiltration code is present. Commented-out sections may be remnants of previous code or planned features but do not introduce malicious behavior. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are evident. The code does utilize dynamic function creation, which is typical but should be noted as a potential attack surface if manipulated. No code injection or malicious payloads are detected. Overall, the code seems legitimate, and no malicious intent is apparent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured implementation of an EJS templating engine. It contains no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The dynamic function creation via 'GeneratorFunction' is typical for template engines but should be kept secure against external template injection. There are no network calls, data exfiltration, or backdoors. Overall, the code appears safe and free of malware, with a security risk score of low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}