{
  "purpose": "The code is a JavaScript SDK for interacting with Cow Protocol, including API requests, blockchain contract interactions, subgraph queries, and order management.",
  "sources": "External dependencies such as 'cross-fetch/polyfill', 'limiter', 'exponential-backoff', 'graphql-request', 'ethers', and local modules; network requests to Cow API and subgraph URLs; blockchain contract calls; input parameters from external callers.",
  "sinks": "fetch API calls for network requests; contract method calls; encoding/decoding data for blockchain transactions; exposing functions for signing orders and creating transactions.",
  "flows": "Input data from external callers flows into API request functions, data encoding functions, or contract calls; data returned from network requests or contract calls flows back to the caller. Sensitive data such as order details or signatures are handled and transmitted over network or blockchain interfaces.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No obfuscated or minified code present. The code performs expected SDK functions without unusual code constructs. No hidden backdoors or suspicious network activity is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a comprehensive SDK for managing blockchain orders, querying subgraph data, and interacting with smart contracts. It includes functions for signing orders, creating contract calls, and handling data encoding/decoding. Network requests use standard fetch with retries. Contract addresses are configured via known mappings, and the code relies on external dependencies in a typical manner. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, hidden network communications, or backdoors are present. The use of external APIs and libraries is consistent with SDK design, and all data flows seem legitimate within the context of order management and blockchain interaction.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard SDK for interacting with Cow Protocol's blockchain and API services. It performs expected functions related to order handling, contract interactions, and data fetching without evidence of malicious behavior. No malicious signals or anomalies are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}