{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a comprehensive JavaScript SDK for interacting with the Cow Protocol ecosystem, including querying subgraphs, signing orders, and managing contracts.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters, environment variables (via getContextWithOverride), and network responses (fetch, GraphQL queries). It also reads contract addresses, order data, and user inputs.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous sinks include fetch calls for API requests, contract method calls (signOrder, create, remove, setRoot), and data encoding/decoding functions which could be exploited if inputs are malicious.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input from function parameters and network responses flows into fetch requests, contract method calls, and data encoding functions. Specifically, user inputs or external data could flow into order signing, proof creation, or API request parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code extensively uses external modules and functions, but the core logic involves API requests, cryptographic signing, and contract interaction, which are standard. There are no indications of backdoors, hidden network connections, or malicious code snippets. The code uses dynamic function encoding and signing, but this is typical for blockchain SDKs.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical SDK structure for blockchain interaction, including utilities for signing orders, interacting with smart contracts, and querying subgraphs. It dynamically encodes data, signs orders via external modules, and makes network requests with retries and backoff strategies. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or malicious behavior are evident. The code appears to be well-structured for its purpose, with standard security patterns. The only potential concern is the use of network requests and cryptographic operations, but these are inherent to the SDK's functionality and not malicious. No backdoors, data leaks, or harmful code snippets are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate SDK for interacting with the Cow Protocol ecosystem. It performs blockchain operations, data encoding, and API requests without evidence of malicious intent. There are no signs of malware or malicious behavior. The security risk score remains low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}