{
  "purpose": "This code provides WebGL-based rendering of wind data, particles, and map tiles for visualizations, along with data fetching mechanisms for wind tiles and metadata.",
  "sources": "Data is read from external wind data (via the source function loading from URLs), map and viewport parameters (getBounds, getZoom), and input properties for styling and configuration (via setProperty and expression.createPropertyExpression).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include texture creation and binding, shader program use, and data fetching. Notably, the code loads images from external URLs and creates WebGL textures. It also invokes eval functions for expressions, but these are intended for styling logic. No direct system commands or network exfiltration is evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external wind data source and map viewport (sources), into textures and shader programs for rendering (sinks). Wind data is fetched and stored in cache, then textures are created and used in draw/update functions. Style properties are evaluated and applied via setProperty, influencing shader uniforms and rendering. No untrusted code execution paths or command injections are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard for a WebGL visualization library; there are no hardcoded secrets or credentials, no hidden network calls besides standard image loading, and no obfuscated or suspicious code constructs. The only noteworthy activity is dynamic loading of external images, which is normal for tile-based data sources.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured into WebGL shader compilation, texture and buffer creation, map tile calculations, and data source management. External data (wind tiles) are fetched via image loading with crossOrigin set to 'anonymous', which is standard. Data flows from external URLs into textures, then into shader programs for rendering. The map and style properties are dynamically set through expression evaluations, which are intended for styling, not malicious evaluation. There are no indications of data exfiltration, reverse shells, or malicious system interaction. Overall, the code functions as a visualization library with legitimate data fetching and WebGL rendering. No malicious intent or sabotage signs are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs WebGL-based wind data visualization with dynamic data loading and style configuration. It does not contain malware, malicious network activity, or suspicious obfuscation. It appears safe and aligned with its intended purpose, with no evidence of sabotage or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}