{
  "purpose": "The code implements a server-side file upload handler that manages chunked file uploads via WebSocket events, storing files on the server filesystem.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (dotenv), filesystem (fs), path for file operations, and socket.io events for communication.",
  "sinks": "File system writes (fs.createWriteStream), directory creation (fs.mkdir), emitting socket events such as 'up_completed', 'up_progress', 'up_started', etc.",
  "flows": "Input data from WebSocket events (up_chunk, up_init, up_abort, etc.) flow into file writing and socket emissions; environment variables influence config; filesystem interactions store uploaded files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external connections detected. Use of 'dotenv' is standard. The code uses dynamic filesystem paths and handles chunks, which is typical for upload handlers. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns found.",
  "analysis": "The code manages chunked uploads by storing file chunks in memory and writing to disk once all chunks are received. It uses environment variables for configuration, which is standard. Files are stored in a specified directory relative to __dirname. No external network connections or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code lacks any malicious or sabotage patterns such as data leakage, code injection, or unauthorized data transmission. The only concern is the potential for resource exhaustion if many large files are uploaded simultaneously, but this is typical for upload handlers. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate file upload implementation with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard chunked file upload handler over WebSocket, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It securely manages file chunks and stores them appropriately without suspicious operations or external network activity. No malware indicators detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}