{
  "purpose": "Handles chunked file uploads via socket.io, writing received chunks to disk, managing upload states, and supporting abort operations.",
  "sources": "process.env.NODE_ENV, socket events ('up_init', 'up_chunk', 'up_abort', etc.), data.file.name, data.file.id, data.file.chunk, data.file.chunk_num, data.file.chunk_total, data.file.size",
  "sinks": "fs.existsSync, fs.mkdir, fs.createWriteStream, socket.emit",
  "flows": "Environment variable check influences debug suppression; socket events trigger upload state changes; data.file.name and data.file.id flow into filesystem operations; chunks flow from socket data to write streams; abort signals influence upload control flow",
  "anomalies": "No malicious or obfuscated code detected; directory creation without filename sanitization; potential directory traversal via unsanitized filenames; no external network activity beyond socket.io and filesystem",
  "analysis": "The code manages chunked uploads by storing chunks in memory and writing them sequentially to disk. It uses socket.io events to control upload flow, including initiation, progress, completion, and abortion. The directory path is constructed from a configurable 'dir' variable, but filenames are used directly without sanitization, posing a directory traversal risk. No obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or malicious network activity are present. The code's structure is straightforward, with clear logic for handling chunks and file writes. The main security concern is the lack of filename validation, which could be exploited if malicious filenames are provided. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious intent or activity. The obfuscated score is 0, given the code's clarity. The risk score is around 0.3, considering the potential for directory traversal due to unsanitized filenames, which could be exploited but does not constitute malicious code in itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate chunked upload handler with no signs of malicious behavior or obfuscation. The primary security concern is the absence of filename sanitization, which could lead to directory traversal attacks if exploited. The current malware and obfuscated scores are appropriate. The risk score should be set at approximately 0.3 to reflect this vulnerability. Implementing filename validation would mitigate this risk further.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}