{
  "purpose": "The code implements a high-precision mathematical calculator for large numbers, supporting basic arithmetic operations (addition, subtraction, multiplication, division). It provides an API for performing calculations with high precision, mainly intended for mathematical or financial computations.",
  "sources": "Input data sources are the constructor parameter 'value' for BigNumber, and the parameters 'a', 'operator', 'b' for BigCalc.calculate(). These are user-provided inputs used to create BigNumber instances and specify operations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the final return values of BigCalc.calculate(), which output the computed result as strings. These results could be used in further code execution or data transmission.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs (a, b, value) through BigNumber constructors into arithmetic operations, then through methods like plus, minus, times, div, and finally to the output returned by BigCalc.calculate(). There are no external or network data flows.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a high-precision calculator with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present. The division method checks for division by zero, which is standard. There are no signs of malicious code, privacy leaks, or system tampering.",
  "analysis": "The script defines classes for high-precision arithmetic, utilizing string and BigInt manipulations for calculations. It validates input types, handles errors for invalid inputs and division by zero, and provides an API for calculations. The code structure is straightforward and follows standard patterns. No network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior is detected. The code does not perform any suspicious actions beyond mathematical computations.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard high-precision calculator library with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It is safe to use from a security perspective. The implementation appears clean and solely focused on mathematical operations, with no hidden or malicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}