{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript class for the Beta probability distribution, including methods for statistical calculations (mean, median, mode, etc.) and distribution functions (cdf, pdf, logcdf, logpdf, mgf, quantile). It serves as a mathematical utility library for statistical analysis.",
  "sources": "The code imports various utility functions and statistical distribution functions from the '@stdlib' namespace, which are used internally for computations. The only user inputs are parameters for the Beta class instantiation (alpha and beta) and method arguments such as x or p for distribution functions.",
  "sinks": "Method arguments like x and p are potential sources of untrusted input that are used directly in distribution calculations. The code does not send data over networks, write to files, or perform any I/O operations; thus, there are no sinks related to data leaks or external communications.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (alpha, beta, x, p, t) flow into internal functions like cdf, logcdf, logpdf, mgf, and quantile, which perform calculations based on the distribution. The parameters alpha and beta are set via property setters with validation. No data is propagated to external systems or network connections.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a statistical distribution class with no suspicious or unusual behavior. It employs conventional patterns for defining properties and methods, with proper validation for shape parameters. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments are evident. There are no dynamic code executions, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a Beta distribution class with shape parameters alpha and beta, including validation to ensure they are positive numbers. Distribution functions like cdf, logcdf, logpdf, mgf, and quantile are defined as internal functions that invoke imported standard library functions. The class adds properties with getters (and setters where appropriate) for statistical attributes, ensuring no hardcoded secrets or external data flows. The imported modules are reputable utilities from the '@stdlib' package, and the code itself performs mathematical computations securely without external data access or network communication. There is no evidence of malicious intent or malicious behavior, nor any suspicious anomalies beyond standard implementation patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a Beta distribution class for statistical computations, with appropriate validation and property definitions. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}