{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Beta distribution class with various statistical methods and properties for use in statistical computations and probabilistic modeling.",
  "sources": "Dependencies such as '@stdlib/utils-define-property', '@stdlib/assert-is-positive-number', and various '@stdlib/stats-base-dists-beta-*' modules, as well as the '@stdlib/string-format' module. It reads input parameters for distribution shape parameters and method arguments.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write to files, execute network operations, or perform any system-level actions. The main concern would be potential data leakage if untrusted input parameters are used externally, but there are no explicit sinks that leak data or perform unsafe actions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (alpha, beta) flow into the constructor, affecting properties and methods that perform statistical calculations. Methods such as cdf, logcdf, logpdf, mgf, pdf, and quantile process data inputs, but these are standard statistical functions without malicious intent.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual dynamic code execution. The code is structured as a typical statistical class with encapsulation and property definitions. No obfuscated code or dynamic code evaluation is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a Beta distribution class in JavaScript. It imports well-known utility and statistical modules from '@stdlib', defines internal functions for distribution calculations, and sets up properties with getters and setters that validate input values. The class methods provide statistical computations related to the Beta distribution. There are no indications of malicious behavior, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The dependencies used are common in open-source statistical libraries. The code appears well-structured, and the only potential concern could be if untrusted parameters are supplied externally, but this is standard for statistical classes.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of a statistical distribution class with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It relies on reputable dependencies and performs typical calculations for the Beta distribution. There are no signs of malware, security risks, or malicious data handling within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}