{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript class for Beta distribution with properties and methods to evaluate various statistical functions related to the distribution, such as mean, median, mode, entropy, kurtosis, and functions like cdf, pdf, quantile, etc.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters (e.g., 'x', 'p', 't') within distribution methods; shape parameters 'alpha' and 'beta' are initialized from constructor arguments; internal modules are required at the top.",
  "sinks": "None of the functions directly send data to external systems or network; all functions compute statistical values locally using imported modules.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., 'x', 'p', 't') flow into distribution functions (e.g., cdf, logcdf, pdf, mgf, quantile), which use the distribution's shape parameters; properties like 'alpha' and 'beta' are set and retrieved via getters/setters with validation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or external data exfiltration observed. The code strictly defines a distribution object with property validation and statistical functions. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are present. No dynamic code execution or network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured implementation of a Beta distribution class with properties and methods for statistical calculations. It uses safe getter/setter patterns with validation for shape parameters. All external module requirements are standard for statistical functions. No suspicious patterns, external communications, or malicious behaviors are detected. The code appears to be a clean, standard distribution implementation with no hidden or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured implementation of a Beta distribution class for statistical calculations. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, suspicious anomalies, or security risks. It solely performs in-memory calculations and property management. Therefore, it is safe with a low malware and security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}