{
  "purpose": "Defines a set of template processors for JavaScript code, supporting different template syntaxes and utilizing external libraries for template compilation.",
  "sources": "Imports external modules '@genx/july' and 'source-map-support/register'; uses hardcoded string constants for tokens and configuration objects for template settings.",
  "sinks": "Execution of new Function with untrusted input, use of template functions with user-provided variables, potential exposure if variables are manipulated maliciously.",
  "flows": "Input strings (e.g., str) are processed through template functions which compile and execute code dynamically, possibly leading to code injection if input is untrusted.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'new Function' for evaluating arbitrary strings, which is inherently risky. No validation or sanitization of input strings before execution. No hardcoded secrets or credentials identified. Code appears to be a configuration module without obfuscated patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code defines template processors that compile and evaluate strings with embedded expressions. The 'jsv' processor uses 'new Function', which can execute arbitrary code if input is malicious. The 'jst' and 'swig' processors compile templates with external libraries. No obfuscation detected; the code is straightforward. The main security concern is the dynamic execution via 'new Function' without input sanitization, which can lead to code injection if malicious input is provided. The overall structure is typical for a templating setup, with no hidden backdoors or malware behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a configuration module for template processing, with a notable risk in the use of 'new Function' which could execute malicious code if inputs are untrusted. No malware or obfuscation detected. The security risk is moderate due to dynamic code evaluation, warranting careful handling of input data.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 1
}