{
  "purpose": "Automated release script to run tests, build, bump version, and publish a package to npm, then push changes to git.",
  "sources": "User selection input via inquirer prompt; execution commands via execSync (e.g., 'npm version', 'npm publish', 'git push'); environment variables not directly accessed.",
  "sinks": "Execution of shell commands through execSync, including 'npm version', 'npm publish', 'git push', and test commands; these could execute malicious commands if input is compromised, but in this case, inputs are controlled by the script or user prompts.",
  "flows": "User input from inquirer influences the 'npm version' command; the script executes a sequence of shell commands for testing, building, version bumping, publishing, and pushing to git, in a fixed order. No untrusted data flows directly into shell commands; commands are static or based on safe user choice.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or suspicious code patterns. The script performs standard release automation. No hardcoded credentials or secret keys are evident. No dynamic execution of code fetched from external sources. The commands executed are standard for release pipelines.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard release automation tool that prompts the user to select a version bump, runs tests via jest, checks for being on the 'master' branch, then runs build, bumps version, publishes to npm, and pushes to git. All commands are executed via execSync with predefined commands, controlled by the user input. There are no indications of malicious intent, hidden backdoors, or malware. The code's structure is straightforward and follows typical CI/CD automation patterns. No suspicious network activity or code injection points are present. The commands used are standard for release workflows and do not contain any malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical release automation script with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It securely performs its intended tasks with controlled inputs. No security risks are evident beyond normal operational risks inherent in executing shell commands, which are limited to predefined, controlled commands.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}