{
  "purpose": "This source code appears to define functional programming utilities and type class instances for an 'ObservableEither' data type, facilitating functional effects handling with observables, either types, and monadic operations in JavaScript/TypeScript.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from imported modules ('fp-ts/lib/Either', 'fp-ts/lib/function', 'fp-ts/lib/pipeable', './Observable'), and constructs various functions and constants within the module. No explicit input sources such as user input, environment variables, or network data are present.",
  "sinks": "No data sinks or external data transmissions are explicitly present. There are no network calls, file operations, or data leakage mechanisms observable in this code.",
  "flows": "The code defines flow compositions using functional pipelines (pipeable operations) to manipulate 'Either' and 'Observable' data types, but it does not include any untrusted data flows that could lead to injection or leaks. All functions are pure or effectful in a controlled manner, without external side effects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors are present. The code mostly consists of standard utility functions for functional programming with no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscation. The use of function composition, imports, and effectful operations appears standard and legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of utility functions for working with 'ObservableEither' types, providing constructors, destructors, combinators, and instances for functional programming. It leverages known libraries like 'fp-ts' and 'rxjs' and does not perform any data input/output, network calls, or system modifications. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, command execution, or code injection. The structure and naming conform to typical functional programming patterns. The initial imports and subsequent function definitions do not contain obfuscation, and there is no dynamic code execution or suspicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard, well-structured utility library for handling 'ObservableEither' effects in a functional programming style. It contains no malicious intent, hidden backdoors, or malicious data handling. The code is safe based on the provided fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}