{
  "purpose": "This code provides functional utilities for handling 'Either' types within an Observable context, primarily for functional programming with RxJS and fp-ts.",
  "sources": "The code imports modules such as 'fp-ts/lib/Either', 'rxjs/operators', and a local module './Observable', indicating it reads data from external libraries and possibly from the local filesystem or module system.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks for untrusted data that could cause data leaks or malicious effects. The code does not write to files, network, or system resources directly.",
  "flows": "Data flows involve wrapping or transforming 'Either' types into Observables, chaining operations, and error handling functions. No external data input or untrusted source directly influences control flow or data handling.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard functional programming utilities, with no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code structures. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution is present. No hardcoded credentials or network communications are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code imports and manipulates functional programming constructs (Either, Observable) for error handling and composition in asynchronous streams. It provides constructors like 'left', 'right', 'fromIO', 'fromTask', and utility functions for chaining, mapping, and error recovery. The code's structure is clear, modular, and relies on standard libraries without unusual or malicious patterns. There are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or system compromise mechanisms. The code appears to be a legitimate utility library for handling functional flows with observables and error types.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, well-structured utility module for functional programming with RxJS and fp-ts. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage. No malware or security risks are evident. It is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}