{
  "purpose": "This code provides functional programming utilities for working with the 'Either' type from 'fp-ts' library in combination with Observables. It defines constructors, destructors, and combinators for handling effectful computations that may succeed or fail, within a reactive programming context.",
  "sources": "The code imports external libraries ('fp-ts', 'rxjs') and local modules ('./Observable'). No direct user input or untrusted data sources are explicitly read within this code.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any explicit data sinks, network requests, or external output operations. It solely defines functional abstractions and combinators.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows involving untrusted input. The code mainly manipulates effectful computations with no indication of data leakage or injection points.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard implementation of functional programming combinators for 'Either' within Observables. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are evident. The flow functions and operators are typical of such utility libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code imports well-known libraries and defines functional programming constructs without any dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or suspicious patterns. All functions perform expected transformations and composition of effectful computations. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as network communication, system modification, or data exfiltration. The structure is consistent with a utility library for effect management in reactive programming. The absence of input handling, external data sinks, or side effects further reduces suspicion.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate utility module providing functional combinators for handling 'Either' types with Observables in JavaScript. There are no indicators of malicious intent or security risks within this fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}