{
  "purpose": "The script automates the process of downloading prebuilt binary packages for the iohook library based on system platform, architecture, and target configurations, to facilitate installation and setup.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (npm_config_targets, npm_config_platforms, npm_config_arches), filesystem reads (package.json, node modules), command-line logs, and network requests to download prebuilt binaries.",
  "sinks": "Network requests made via 'nugget' to external URLs; console logs and warnings.",
  "flows": "System environment and configuration inputs influence the selection of targets, which trigger network download requests to external servers; filesystem reads influence options; logs are outputted to console.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or backdoors; code appears standard for a package installer script. Uses dynamic URL construction for fetching binaries. No obfuscated code, no unusual language features. No hidden or malicious system calls.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs setup and download operations for prebuilt binaries of the iohook library based on platform and target configurations. It reads configuration from package.json and environment variables, dynamically constructs download URLs, and retrieves binaries from a GitHub release repository. It uses standard modules (path, fs, os, etc.) and well-known packages (nugget, pump, tar-fs, zlib). No suspicious network connections beyond the intended download from a GitHub URL. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The network request is to a legitimate GitHub release URL. The process involves standard download, decompression, and extraction procedures. The code does not perform any data exfiltration, system modification, or stealth activities. It is a typical setup script for fetching precompiled binaries, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate installer script for prebuilt binaries of iohook, with no evidence of malicious intent or malware. It operates within expected parameters for such setup scripts, with safe network operations and no suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}