{
  "purpose": "This script downloads prebuilt binaries for the iohook module based on platform, architecture, and target configurations, and extracts them into a build directory.",
  "sources": "User environment variables (npm_config_targets, npm_config_platforms, npm_config_arches), local file system (package.json, package.json content), network requests to GitHub, reading npm configuration via rc('npm'), process.version, and process.platform/arch.",
  "sinks": "Network requests via 'nugget' to download binaries, file system writes when extracting binaries, console logs for error reporting.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence target and platform configurations; 'install' function constructs download URL from these parameters and fetches binaries; extracted into local filesystem.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors detected. The network request is to a legitimate GitHub release URL, typical for prebuilt modules. The code handles errors and logs accordingly. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns found. Uses 'rc' to read npm config, which is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically constructs URLs to download prebuilt binaries from GitHub based on runtime, platform, and architecture parameters. It reads configurations from local package.json and environment variables. It performs network requests via 'nugget', which is a legitimate package for downloading files. The downloaded tar.gz is extracted into a directory within the module's build folder. Error handling is performed for network failures or missing prebuilds, with user guidance messages. No signs of malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden backdoors. The use of 'rc' to read npm configurations is standard; no suspicious access or manipulation of environment variables or system data. The code solely manages prebuild downloads and extraction, which is typical for native module setup scripts.",
  "conclusion": "The script appears to be a standard prebuild installer for the iohook module, with no malicious behavior or malicious code embedded. It handles platform-specific binary downloads and extraction with proper error handling. No indicators of malware or security risks are detected based on this code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}