{
  "purpose": "The script downloads prebuilt binaries for iohook for different platforms and architectures, attempting to streamline installation and setup of native modules.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (npm_config_targets, npm_config_platforms, npm_config_arches), package.json file, and local filesystem (for package.json and tar.gz files).",
  "sinks": "Network requests via nugget to download prebuild tarballs; filesystem writes to temporary directories and extraction paths; potential error logging.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence options; options determine platform/architecture targets; install function downloads tar.gz files from GitHub, extracts to local build directory.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code; code uses standard modules and typical patterns for downloads and file extraction. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors present. The code dynamically reads package.json and environment variables for configuration but does not process untrusted input directly. Error handling is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily handles downloading prebuilt binaries for iohook using publicly available resources. It constructs URLs based on runtime, ABI, platform, and architecture information, then downloads and extracts them. It reads configuration from package.json and environment variables, which is standard. No suspicious or malicious code, obfuscated logic, or hidden backdoors are evident. All network operations target legitimate GitHub URLs, and filesystem operations use temporary directories. There are no signs of data leakage, code injection, or malicious behaviors. The code follows typical patterns for such setup scripts.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate installation script for prebuilt binaries of a native module, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It uses standard libraries and approaches, with no suspicious behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}