{
  "purpose": "The script manages the download and installation of prebuilt binaries for iohook, a native module, based on platform, architecture, and target configuration, facilitating the setup process for different environments.",
  "sources": "User environment variables (npm_config_targets, npm_config_platforms, npm_config_arches), filesystem (reading package.json, reading/writing files), network (downloading prebuild tarball from GitHub), and process info (platform, arch, versions).",
  "sinks": "Network request to GitHub (downloading tar.gz), filesystem write operations (saving prebuild archive and extracted files).",
  "flows": "Sources include environment variables, filesystem reads (package.json), and process info. These influence URL construction, target selection, and options. The network request (nugget) fetches the prebuild tarball, which is then extracted and written to disk. The process flow depends on the configured targets, platform, and arch options.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secret tokens detected. Proxy configuration is read from npmrc, but this is standard. The code employs retries in package.json reading. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns observed. The code primarily performs file IO, network requests, and process info parsing.",
  "analysis": "The code begins by setting up dependencies and defining utility functions, including error handling. The install() function constructs a download URL for prebuilt binaries and uses the nugget module to fetch them, handling proxy and SSL configurations from npmrc. It then extracts the tar.gz file into a specific directory. The optionsFromPackage() function attempts to read package.json from nested directories with retries, collecting target info. Environment variables override or extend default options for targets, platforms, and architectures. Depending on the options, the script proceeds to download and install multiple prebuilds asynchronously, managing concurrency with Promises. Throughout, the script interacts only with known safe sources and destinations, performing no malicious actions, data exfiltration, or code injection.",
  "conclusion": "The script appears to be a standard setup utility for downloading and installing prebuilt native binaries for iohook. It reads configuration, constructs download URLs, fetches archives, and extracts them, all using common modules and practices. No malicious or suspicious behavior is detected. It does not contain obfuscation, hidden backdoors, or malicious network activity outside of expected prebuild download behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}