{
  "purpose": "The code provides linguistic and Quranic text processing functions, including phonetic encoding, parsing, and search ranking, primarily for Quranic data analysis and retrieval.",
  "sources": "The code reads external data modules via require(), and processes input strings through regex replacements and dynamic function evaluations in functions like otherEval() and preg_replace().",
  "sinks": "Potential injection points exist where dynamic code is constructed and executed, notably in otherEval() using Function(), and in preg_replace() which calls otherEval() with pattern strings.",
  "flows": "Input strings are processed through regex functions that invoke otherEval() to generate executable code, which could be exploited if pattern strings are influenced by untrusted sources. Data modules are loaded via require(), which could be compromised externally.",
  "anomalies": "The use of Function() in otherEval() to evaluate strings as code, and regex-based code generation, are notable. No active malicious activity such as network access or file modification is evident. Patterns are mostly hardcoded, reducing immediate risk.",
  "analysis": "The code employs dynamic code evaluation via Function() in otherEval(), which can be a security risk if inputs are manipulated. The regex functions that call otherEval() generate code dynamically, but patterns appear controlled. External modules loaded via require() could be supply chain risks if compromised. No signs of active malware or sabotage are present. The malware score of 0.2-0.25 reflects low but non-zero risk; the security risk score of 0.3-0.4 accounts for potential injection vectors. The code is not obfuscated, and the overall structure is clear. The main concern is the potential for code injection if pattern strings or external modules are tampered with, but current evidence suggests limited immediate danger.",
  "conclusion": "The package is primarily for linguistic and Quranic text processing with low active malicious activity. The main security concern is the use of eval-like functions (Function() and regex with otherEval()) which could be exploited if inputs are manipulated. External modules pose supply chain risks but are not confirmed malicious. The current scores of malware (~0.2-0.25) and security risk (~0.3-0.4) are appropriate. To mitigate risks, inputs to eval functions should be strictly controlled, and safer alternatives should be considered.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.35,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}