{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for generating random loot drops, including dice rolls, coin flips, and loot table management, for use in game-like systems or simulations.",
  "sources": "Reads input from function parameters, such as 'trials', 'count', 'min', 'max', and 'p', and uses Math.random() for randomness.",
  "sinks": "Math.random() calls for probabilistic calculations, JSON.stringify for object comparisons, and potential manipulation of input parameters if externally supplied.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., 'trials', 'count', 'p') are used as sources; results of coin_flip, dice_roll, and loot() computations serve as sinks. Random values influence probabilistic outcomes, especially in loot generation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network activity are present. Use of Math.random() is standard for randomness; no obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic code execution is evident. The code includes only common probabilistic functions.",
  "analysis": "The code defines various utility functions for probabilistic computations, such as erf_inv, probit, coin_flip, and dice_roll, all utilizing Math.random() for stochastic processes. The LootTable class manages loot pools, ensuring correct probability calculations, sorting, and cascade probabilities. No external network activity, file operations, or sensitive data handling is observed. The code is well-structured, with safeguards for input validation and proper probability management. There are no indications of malicious code, such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or backdoors. Usage of Math.random() is appropriate for such simulations and does not suggest malicious intent. The overall structure and content do not raise security concerns beyond typical probabilistic game logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of probabilistic loot generation and random utility functions. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It appears safe for use within its intended scope of loot simulation and randomness-based logic.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}