{
  "purpose": "This code implements a probabilistic loot table system for game or simulation purposes, providing functions to generate random outcomes such as coin flips, dice rolls, and loot drops, as well as a LootTable class to manage loot pools and item selection based on weights and probabilities.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from input parameters in functions such as coin_flip, dice_roll, and the LootTable constructor. It also accesses Math.random() for generating randomness, which is used in probabilistic calculations.",
  "sinks": "Math.random() is used directly within the probabilistic functions; no external data sinks are present. No network, file, or environment variable interactions are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through probabilistic functions (coin_flip, dice_roll, probit) to the LootTable's loot method, which determines loot based on random rolls and predefined weights/probabilities.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses extensive custom implementations of mathematical functions (erf_inv, probit) and probabilistic calculations, which are standard but could be misused for precise manipulations if exposed improperly. There are no hardcoded secrets or suspicious patterns. No obfuscation or unusual language features are present. No dynamic code execution or external calls are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of probabilistic loot mechanics with functions for coin flips and dice rolls that utilize Math.random(). The use of custom mathematical functions is for accuracy in statistical simulations. The LootTable class manages pools with weights and probabilities, providing loot results based on these configurations. No network activity, system modifications, or hidden behaviors are observed. The structure is clear, and all functions are utility-based, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a straightforward probabilistic loot system with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs probabilistic calculations and loot generation securely using Math.random() and well-defined algorithms. No malicious signals or malware features are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}