{
  "purpose": "The code implements a loot table system with probabilistic item selection, including functions for dice rolls, coin flips, and loot generation. It appears to be a utility library for game or simulation purposes.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from function parameters (e.g., coin_flip, dice_roll, loot table configuration). It also accesses Math.random() for probabilistic calculations.",
  "sinks": "Math.random() is used as a source of randomness for loot and dice rolls; no other external data sinks or data leaks are observed.",
  "flows": "Sources (function inputs and Math.random()) feed into probabilistic functions (coin_flip, dice_roll, probit) which influence loot outcomes. Loot table processing flows from configuration inputs to final loot results.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors detected. Use of Math.random() is standard for probabilistic simulations, not suspicious. The code is heavily utility-based with no external network calls or system modifications. No obfuscated or malicious code segments identified.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides probabilistic functions (coin_flip, dice_roll, erf_inv, probit) for generating random outcomes based on parameters. It defines a LootTable class for managing loot pools, which utilize these functions for loot generation. The class includes error handling for invalid configurations, and loot outcomes are aggregated with support for nested loot tables. The usage of Math.random() is standard for randomness in such simulations. No external data sinks, network access, or system modifications are present. The functions and class are straightforward, well-structured, and do not contain any suspicious or malicious patterns. No signs of code injection, data leakage, or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility library for probabilistic loot generation, with no evidence of malicious intent or harmful behavior. It utilizes standard randomness functions and performs typical configuration validation. No malicious or sabotage code was identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}