{
  "purpose": "The script automates building, packaging, and optionally uploading prebuilt binaries for a Node.js native addon across multiple targets and platforms.",
  "sources": "Process environment variables, command-line arguments, package.json, and system files used for configuration and target specification.",
  "sinks": "Execution of external processes ('spawn' for 'node-gyp'), file system operations (copying, deleting files), network requests for uploads, and dynamic path/file generation.",
  "flows": "Input data from environment variables and command-line arguments influence target selection; build commands are executed via 'spawn', and files are archived and uploaded based on configuration.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of a comment with inappropriate language ('// fuck upload'), use of process.env for configuration, and potential lack of validation on external inputs. No evidence of hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Use of 'require' for 'upload' module is standard, but the code does not validate the 'upload' token explicitly. No obfuscated code or malware signatures detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a build script for native modules, with configurations driven by user input and environment variables. It executes build commands, handles file operations, and uploads files conditionally. No suspicious external network connections or hidden code are observed. The use of environment variables and external modules appears to serve legitimate purposes. The comment with profanity is unprofessional but not malicious. Overall, the script performs typical build automation tasks without indications of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard build and packaging automation tool for a Node.js native module. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are evident. The presence of a profane comment is unprofessional but not malicious. The code appears intended solely for building, packaging, and uploading artifacts in a controlled manner.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}