{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a color manipulation library, providing functions for blending, adjusting, and converting colors in various color spaces.",
  "sources": "Functions receiving input parameters such as color objects (t, n, u) and numerical values used for calculations. No external data sources or untrusted inputs are explicitly read in this snippet.",
  "sinks": "Color computation functions and mathematical operations that process input parameters. No direct sinks like network requests, file system access, or environment variable usage are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (color objects, numeric values) are processed through mathematical functions to produce modified color objects or numerical results, with no external data transfer or side effects.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily centered on color math, with no obfuscated constructs, unusual code patterns, or hardcoded secrets. It includes a source map comment, which is typical for transpiled/minified code, but does not indicate malicious obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The provided code is a set of functions for color blending, transformation, and utility operations, such as clamping, rounding, and color space conversions. It uses standard mathematical operations and no network or file operations. There are no indications of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious logic. The only notable point is the source map comment at the end, which is common in minified or transpiled code and does not suggest malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate color utility library without any malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a color manipulation library with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It performs color calculations and conversions in a straightforward manner. There are no signs of malware, data leakage, or sabotage. The security risk score is minimal, and confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}