{
  "purpose": "This script is a Grunt task plugin named 'lodashAutobuild' designed to analyze source JavaScript/HTML/CSS files for usage of lodash methods/properties and generate a minimal custom build of lodash based on used features.",
  "sources": "The code reads input files via 'grunt.file.expand' from specified source paths; it also reads lodash usage patterns via 'shelljs.grep'.",
  "sinks": "The code sets Grunt configuration dynamically using 'grunt.config.set' with the string of valid lodash properties, and executes other Grunt tasks ('lodash' or specific targets) via 'grunt.task.run'.",
  "flows": "Source: File content expansion and pattern matching via grep; Pattern matching on source files → Extraction of lodash method/property names → Filtering and validation → Configuration setting and task execution.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network connections are present. Usage of 'shelljs.grep' for pattern matching is straightforward. No obfuscation, no dynamic code execution, no hidden code. The code’s operations are limited to static analysis and task orchestration.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes options and dependencies ('shelljs', 'lodash'), then processes source files to identify lodash method/property usage via regex pattern matching. It filters the matches to identify valid lodash features present in the current version, and invalid ones (not part of lodash). The script then logs the valid and invalid features, updates Grunt configuration with the list of valid features, and triggers other Grunt tasks for building lodash. The logic is well-contained and limited to static analysis and build configuration. There are no signs of malicious behavior, code injection, data exfiltration, or sabotage. The use of shelljs for grep is benign in this context, serving only to analyze source files.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Grunt plugin aimed at analyzing source code for lodash usage and automating minimal build generation. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware indications. The overall security risk is negligible, with no signs of malicious intent or security threats.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}