{
  "purpose": "The code computes average precision (AP) by matching predictions against ground truth labels based on IoU or a custom distance function, primarily for evaluation purposes in object detection tasks.",
  "sources": "Data sources include groundTruthsLabel and predictionsLabel arrays, which provide filenames, confidence scores, and matching information. External dependencies include the './iou' module used for IoU calculation.",
  "sinks": "No sensitive sinks or data leaks are evident. The code does not write to files, send data over network, or execute external commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from groundTruthsLabel and predictionsLabel inputs through filtering, sorting, and matching processes. The matching process involves IoU or custom distance calculations between prediction and ground truth objects based on filename groupings.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs. The code's only external dependency is an 'iou' module, which is standard for object detection evaluation. The matching logic is typical for evaluation scripts. No obfuscation or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code begins by importing an IoU module and defining a function that compares prediction and ground truth labels. It performs validation on the distance function and threshold parameters. It then consolidates filenames, filters predictions and ground truths by filename, and sorts predictions by confidence. Matching is performed based on IoU or custom distance, with matched objects flagged to prevent re-matching. The sorted predictions are returned. The logic is straightforward and consistent with common evaluation procedures, with no signs of malicious behavior or suspicious data handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard evaluation script for object detection metrics with no indicators of malicious intent. It performs typical operations like filtering, sorting, and matching based on IoU or a custom distance, with no suspicious external interactions or obfuscated code. Overall, it appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}