{
  "purpose": "Scene and slide management, camera controls, easing animations, and scene state transitions in a 3D environment.",
  "sources": "Input parameters for functions like doEase, addToState, and scene state data; random values in validateEase for testing; dynamic functions passed as ease functions.",
  "sinks": "Logging of ease function code via toString(), dynamic execution of user-supplied ease functions, scene state modifications based on external inputs.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (ease functions, scene states) flow into addToState and validateEase; dynamic functions influence scene updates; logging outputs contain function code strings; potential injection points if inputs are untrusted.",
  "anomalies": "Logging of function code strings; handling of external or user-controlled ease functions without validation; use of eval-like dynamic function execution without sanitization; no network activity or system modifications detected.",
  "analysis": "The code manages scene states, camera controls, and easing animations with straightforward logic. No malicious patterns or obfuscation are present. The use of randomness in validateEase is benign, serving as a test routine. The primary concern is in functions like addToState, which accept external ease functions and log their string representations, potentially allowing malicious code injection if inputs are untrusted. The code does not sanitize or validate these functions thoroughly, creating a risk vector. No network activity or data exfiltration is observed. The malware score remains at 0, as no malicious payloads are detected. The obfuscated score is 0, consistent with clear code. The security risk score is moderate (around 0.3), reflecting the potential for injection if inputs are malicious, especially given the unsafe logging practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily for scene management and animations, with no active malicious activity. However, handling external or user-controlled functions without validation and logging their code poses a potential security risk. The current scores are appropriate, with a slight adjustment to the security risk score to reflect this potential. To mitigate risks, inputs should be validated and logging practices should be improved to prevent exploitation.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}