{
  "purpose": "This code provides a simple arithmetic expression parser capable of handling nested parentheses and basic operations (+, -, *, /).",
  "sources": "Input expression string passed to parse function, particularly user-provided or external data that is processed by the parser.",
  "sinks": "Parsing functions that convert strings to integers and perform arithmetic operations; no direct data leak or external data transfer points identified.",
  "flows": "Input string -> whitespace removal and normalization -> recursive parsing functions (plus, minus, multiply, divide) -> evaluation of expression components.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code structures. The code appears straightforward, with no external network activity or malicious obfuscation. The only minor concern is replacement of the non-standard minus character ‘–’ with standard '-', which is benign. No input validation or sanitization beyond whitespace removal, but given the nature of arithmetic parsing, this is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a calculator-like parser, processing string expressions into computed results. It uses recursive descent parsing with clear separation of operations, handling parentheses correctly via a stack counter. No external dependencies or dangerous code patterns are present. The functions do not execute any code dynamically, send data externally, or access sensitive system resources. The only potential issue is minimal input sanitization, which is typical for such parsers. Overall, the code is straightforward and lacks any malicious indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a simple arithmetic expression parser with no signs of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It correctly handles nested expressions and operators, and there are no suspicious network or system interactions. The minor input normalization is safe and standard. Overall, it appears benign.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}