{
  "purpose": "The script is a command-line utility for batch-obfuscating JavaScript files in a specified directory, copying non-JS files as-is.",
  "sources": "Reads input from command-line arguments, reads files from source directory, reads package.json for version info, and checks for existence of configuration files.",
  "sinks": "Executes external 'node' process to run the obfuscator, reads and writes files on disk, renames obfuscated files, and outputs logs to console.",
  "flows": "User provides source directory; script reads JS and non-JS files; JS files are passed to an external obfuscator process; obfuscated files are renamed; non-JS files are copied; logs are printed throughout.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically resolves the path to 'javascript-obfuscator' by attempting local and global installation paths, which could be exploited if maliciously altered. No explicit hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. The script runs external processes with spawnSync without sanitizing inputs, but inputs are controlled via user parameters. The process relies on external obfuscator module without validation of its integrity. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration code is present. It does not perform any malicious actions or contain backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically processes a directory of files, applying obfuscation to JavaScript files via an external tool. It carefully checks for the existence of required directories and configuration files, and handles errors gracefully. The dynamic resolution of the obfuscator's path is a potential risk if an attacker modifies environment or installed modules, but in normal operation, this is intended for flexibility. The process of obfuscation itself occurs via a well-known external tool, with no evidence of malicious manipulation or embedded malicious code. The script does not read sensitive data, communicate over networks, or perform harmful operations. The code structure is standard for such CLI tools, with no obfuscation or hidden malicious patterns. The only minor concern is reliance on external module resolution, which could be exploited if the environment is compromised, but this is typical for such tools and not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate JavaScript CLI utility for batch-obfuscating files, with no apparent malicious intent or harmful behavior. Its main function is to invoke an external obfuscator tool on JavaScript files while copying others. No malicious or backdoor code detected; the only potential concern relates to dynamic path resolution, which is common and not inherently malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}