{
  "purpose": "This script is a command-line tool for obfuscating JavaScript source code files within a specified directory, copying non-JavaScript files directly to the output directory.",
  "sources": "Reads input directory files, reads package.json for version info, reads configuration files, and checks for existence of directories and files.",
  "sinks": "Executes external 'node' process to run 'javascript-obfuscator' with source files, reads and writes files in the filesystem, renames obfuscated files.",
  "flows": "Reads source code files; for JavaScript files, invokes external obfuscator process; writes or copies files to output directory; handles obfuscated filenames.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. Uses 'require.resolve' to locate obfuscator path, which is standard. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns detected. Calls external process to perform obfuscation. No unusual data exfiltration or backdoors apparent. Error handling is standard, and no suspicious network activity is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical CLI utility designed for code obfuscation. It locates and executes 'javascript-obfuscator' via spawnSync, which is a legitimate external tool. It processes directories recursively, copying non-JS files, and obfuscating JS files with proper handling of output files. The script does not handle or transmit data externally aside from executing the obfuscator process locally. It performs checks for the existence of directories and configuration files. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious data leaks are present. Overall, the code appears benign and purpose-driven, with no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a legitimate JavaScript code obfuscation utility with no malicious intent. It securely invokes an external obfuscator, handles files properly, and does not contain suspicious code or behaviors. It is safe to use from a security standpoint.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}