{
  "purpose": "This script is a command-line utility for recursively processing JavaScript files in a specified source directory, obfuscating JavaScript files using 'javascript-obfuscator', and copying non-JavaScript files to an output directory.",
  "sources": "Input sources include command-line arguments (--source, --output, --config), the source directory for files, and the file system (reading package.json, config files, directory contents).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include spawning child processes for obfuscation (spawnSync), renaming files, copying files, and executing commands that could be manipulated if inputs are malicious.",
  "flows": "Flow begins with reading user inputs and configuration, recursively processing files in the source directory, obfuscating JavaScript files via a child process, and copying other files. The critical flow involves executing 'node' with 'javascript-obfuscator' and handling the resulting files.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically resolves the obfuscator path, including global installation paths, which could be manipulated if maliciously configured. The process involves spawning external processes with input files, potentially exploitable if attacker controls files or environment. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The obfuscation process itself relies on external configuration and processes, which are standard.",
  "analysis": "The script performs standard file operations: reading directories, filtering .js files, and invoking an external obfuscator tool. It also includes logic for resolving the obfuscator path, which involves checking local and global npm installations. The process is straightforward, with no apparent data leaks, backdoors, or malicious code. The external process invocation is standard, but it could pose a security concern if an attacker can manipulate the input files or environment variables; however, no such vulnerabilities are evident from this code alone. No suspicious or malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, hidden network activity, or backdoors, is present. The code appears intended solely for code obfuscation tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate JavaScript utility for obfuscating code files, with no indications of malicious intent or malicious behavior. Its operations are typical for build tools, and no backdoors or malware are detected. Slight caution is advised regarding external process invocation, but overall, the script appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}