{
  "purpose": "The script is a command-line tool for recursively processing JavaScript files in a source directory, obfuscating them with 'javascript-obfuscator', and copying other files to an output directory.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from command-line options (--source, --config), the file system (directory contents, files to process), and environment variables (via 'npm root -g' command).",
  "sinks": "The script executes external commands ('node' to run the obfuscator), performs file operations (rename, copy), and requires external configuration files. It does not directly handle untrusted user input beyond the command-line parameters.",
  "flows": "Source data (command-line options and file system inputs) are used to determine files to process. JavaScript files are passed as input to 'javascript-obfuscator' via spawned child processes; obfuscated output files are renamed, and other files are copied.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The script dynamically resolves the obfuscator path, which could be exploited if 'javascript-obfuscator' is replaced with malicious code. The code executes external commands, but in a controlled manner. No unusual or malicious code is found. It does not collect or send data over the network.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard directory traversal and file handling. It uses 'require' to load local package info, and 'spawnSync' to run external obfuscator commands. It handles errors gracefully. The dynamic resolution of the obfuscator path depends on local or global npm installation, which could be misused if the environment is compromised. However, the code itself does not contain malicious logic or malicious data leaks. It mainly automates obfuscation tasks with safe file operations. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are detected. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate build script with typical operations, no signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build automation script for JavaScript obfuscation, with no evident malicious behavior. Its operations are typical for such tools, and it does not perform any suspicious actions such as network communication, data theft, or backdoor functions. The dynamic path resolution could pose a minor risk if the environment is compromised, but in a typical setup, it is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}