{
  "purpose": "This code performs signing of application files (specifically .rpk and .rpks files) for a project, involving reading cryptographic keys and signing files before outputting them to a destination directory.",
  "sources": "Reads project configuration (globalConfig), input file paths, private key (private.pem), and certificate (certificate.pem) files from the filesystem. It also reads files to be signed from specified origin directory or specific file.",
  "sinks": "Writes signed files to the destination directory. Logs activity to the console.",
  "flows": "Reads private key and certificate -> Reads input files -> Signs files using external signing functions -> Writes signed files to output directory -> Logs process",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behaviors observed. Uses standard cryptographic signing procedures. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors evident. No obfuscated code or suspicious network activity.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily handles file operations, including reading configuration and cryptographic material, selecting files to sign, signing them via external package functions, and saving the signed output. The signing process uses provided private keys and certificates, which are read from files, and the signing functions are imported from '@hap-toolkit/packager'. There are no signs of malicious logic, such as network transmission of data, backdoors, or data exfiltration. The code structure is straightforward, with proper handling of files and directories. External dependencies are used for cryptographic functions, which appear to be legitimate and standard. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious activity detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate signing utility for application files, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs expected file and cryptographic operations without any suspicious or harmful logic.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}