{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to perform cryptographic signing of files within a project directory, specifically handling '.rpk' and '.rpks' files, and generating signed versions in a destination directory.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from user-specified files and project directories, including private key and certificate files, as well as target files for signing. Uses 'fs-extra' to read files and 'glob' to list files.",
  "sinks": "Writes signed files to the destination directory. Outputs logs to the console indicating progress and file generation.",
  "flows": "Reads private key and certificate files -> Lists files to sign -> Reads each file -> Signs files based on extension -> Writes signed files to the destination -> Logs progress.",
  "anomalies": "Uses synchronous file reads which are typical but may obscure error handling. No hardcoded credentials detected. No suspicious external network calls or obfuscated code present. File signing operations are straightforward, with no unusual behavior. The code appears to be a utility script for signing files; no hidden or malicious code patterns identified.",
  "analysis": "The script starts by importing necessary modules and defining an async function 'resign'. It resolves project paths and clears the destination directory. Reads private key and certificate files for signing. Depending on input parameters, it either processes a specific file or all files matching certain extensions within the source directory. It asynchronously signs each file based on its extension, then writes the signed files to the destination directory. It logs the progress with a formatted message. There are no indications of malicious intent, such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The signing operations appear legitimate for a build or deployment process.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a legitimate utility for signing specific files within a project. No malicious behavior or malware indicators are present. It handles files securely and performs expected cryptographic signing tasks. No security risks or anomalies detected beyond normal file operations. Overall, it appears safe and purposeful.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}