{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a UMD (Universal Module Definition) pattern for exporting a module named 'Easing' with various easing functions used in animations or transitions.",
  "sources": "The code reads global objects like 'window', 'exports', 'module', 'define', and 'Symbol'. It also loads internal modules via a webpack-like module loader function.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any obvious sinks such as network connections, file operations, or system commands. No data is transmitted externally, and no sensitive information is accessed or leaked.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink flows indicative of malicious data exfiltration or command execution. The internal module loader manages loading of functions that perform mathematical operations for easing functions, with no external data or commands executed.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified and appears to be a standard library for easing functions, with no unusual variable names, obfuscated logic, or hidden backdoors. The module pattern is typical for JavaScript libraries distributed via npm. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are evident.",
  "analysis": "The initial part defines a UMD pattern for exporting 'Easing', compatible with CommonJS, AMD, and browser globals. It loads multiple internal modules that implement mathematical functions like linear, quadratic, cubic, sinusoidal, exponential, and circular easing. The modules are all standard and serve typical purposes in animation libraries. No external network requests, file system access, or code injections are present. The code structure suggests a normal open-source easing library, likely intended for use in animation or UI transitions, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, heavily minified easing functions library distributed via a typical module pattern. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity. The absence of network activity, data leaks, or malicious code constructs supports this conclusion.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}