{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a Universal Module Definition (UMD) wrapper for a JavaScript library related to easing functions and possibly other utility modules. Its primary purpose is to expose functions for animations or mathematical easing calculations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the global window object, and from the module system (exports, define). It also reads internal dependencies and properties within the module, including configuration objects and functions.",
  "sinks": "No evident sinks such as network requests, system modification, or data exfiltration are present. There are no functions or code segments that send data over the network, access environment variables for sensitive info, or modify system files.",
  "flows": "The flow involves importing dependencies, defining utility functions, and exporting easing functions. No source-to-sink data flows indicate malicious data handling or malicious effects.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified and employs obfuscation techniques common to code bundlers. It does not perform any suspicious operations like network communication, system access, or data theft. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detectable.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical UMD pattern wrapping a library of easing functions, likely for use in animations. It contains multiple internal modules, utility functions, and standard module export patterns. Its minified structure makes detailed analysis challenging, but no malicious indicators such as network calls, system modifications, or data leaks are evident. The code's purpose aligns with animation easing functions, which are common in web development. No anomalies or malicious behaviors were identified in the visible segments.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a minified, standard library wrapper for easing functions with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It appears safe based on the analysis, serving a benign purpose in animation calculations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}