{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a UMD (Universal Module Definition) pattern that exports or defines an 'Easing' module for various environments (CommonJS, AMD, browser). It includes multiple internal modules, mostly related to utilities, stream handling, buffer management, event emitters, and other common JavaScript components. The overall purpose seems to be to provide easing functions and related utilities, likely for animations or mathematical calculations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from internal variables, module imports, and environment detection (e.g., typeof exports, define, window). No external or untrusted input sources are explicitly read within the code fragment.",
  "sinks": "The code does not appear to write data to untrusted sinks or perform actions like network requests, system modifications, or data leaks. It primarily defines functions and modules for easing, buffers, streams, and event management, which are standard utility components.",
  "flows": "There are no evident source-to-sink data flows involving untrusted data. The internal modules handle data internally; no data from external sources is processed or transmitted.",
  "anomalies": "The code is highly obfuscated with minified, concatenated modules. It contains complex, nested function definitions and standard utility functions that are common in compiled/bundled libraries. There are no suspicious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code patterns indicating malicious intent. The obfuscation appears to be a byproduct of minification, not malicious concealment.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified JavaScript library following UMD pattern, primarily defining easing functions and utility modules (streams, buffers, event emitters). It includes environment detection and module export logic consistent with open-source libraries. No external data sources, network requests, or system modifications are detected. The presence of complex, minified code is typical for bundled libraries and does not indicate malicious behavior. The module's purpose is to provide easing functions for animations or similar calculations. The code’s structure and content are consistent with standard utility libraries, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a bundled, minified utility library implementing easing functions and supporting components like streams, buffers, and event emitters. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data flows. The obfuscation results from standard minification processes. Therefore, the risk is low, and the package appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}