{
  "purpose": "The function determines and resolves the path to a socket integration module based on the provided type or path string, facilitating Webpack messaging integrations.",
  "sources": "The function reads the 'integrationType' parameter, which is supplied by the caller and could originate from user input or external configuration.",
  "sinks": "The use of 'require.resolve' as a sink indicates that the code resolves module paths, which could potentially be exploited if untrusted input is provided, leading to dynamic module resolution.",
  "flows": "Input 'integrationType' is taken as a parameter; in the default case, it is directly passed to 'require.resolve'. This flow can lead to resolving arbitrary modules if the input is maliciously crafted, possibly allowing malicious code execution if the module is later imported or executed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The default case allows for resolving any module path provided, which could be dangerous if user-controlled input is not sanitized. The code itself is straightforward without obfuscation or unusual constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily uses a switch statement to resolve paths to specific socket modules based on known identifiers ('wds', 'whm', 'wps'). The default case allows for resolving any module path passed as a string, which could be exploited if untrusted input reaches this function, potentially leading to loading malicious modules. However, no actual code execution or network activity occurs here; it's solely resolving module paths. The code does not contain any hidden or malicious behaviors but depends on external input for module resolution. If 'integrationType' is controlled by an attacker, it could resolve unintended modules, but it does not directly execute or load them. Overall, the code appears intentionally designed for flexibility but could pose security concerns if not properly validated.",
  "conclusion": "The function is generally safe when used with trusted inputs. However, accepting arbitrary strings in 'integrationType' could lead to resolving malicious modules or unintended files, posing a security risk if not properly sanitized beforehand. No malware or obfuscated code is present. The overall security risk is low to moderate depending on input validation.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 1
}