{
  "purpose": "This code implements various signal processing functions such as FFT, Welch's method, and spectrogram calculations using external libraries for FFT and window functions. Its primary purpose is to analyze and visualize frequency components of input data.",
  "sources": "Input data is read in the functions calculateWindows, calculatePSDWindows, calculateFFT, welch, and spectrogram via function parameters. No other external or hidden data sources are present.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include returning processed data (e.g., magnitude, PSD, FFT results) but do not involve data transmission, storage, or network activity. No data exfiltration or communication code is present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into windowing functions, which apply window functions and overlapping, then into FFT or PSD calculations, with results being aggregated or returned for visualization or further analysis.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, unusual code patterns, or suspicious control flow are detected. The code uses standard libraries and performs common signal processing tasks. Overlap calculations and windowing logic are straightforward and properly implemented.",
  "analysis": "The code correctly imports external libraries for FFT and window functions, and provides functions to perform FFT, PSD estimation via Welch's method, and spectrogram generation. It applies standard signal processing techniques, including windowing, overlapping, and normalization. No evidence of obfuscation, malicious behavior, or data exfiltration mechanisms is observed. The functions are well-structured, with parameter validation and proper mathematical operations. The use of external libraries for FFT and windowing reduces the likelihood of embedded malicious code. Overall, the code appears legitimate and focused on signal analysis tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of spectral analysis functions in JavaScript, using external libraries for core computations. No malicious intent, suspicious behaviors, or malware indicators are detected. It is safe for use in signal processing contexts.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}