{
  "purpose": "This code defines Grunt tasks for managing build directories, copying files with ignore rules, and cleaning previous builds in a JavaScript project, facilitating automation of build processes.",
  "sources": "Reading configuration values (grunt.config, grunt.option), file system operations (fs, path, utils), and input directories for copying or cleaning.",
  "sinks": "File system writes (fs, fstream.Writer), logging outputs, and potentially executing helper functions that interact with the file system.",
  "flows": "Configuration values or user input -> directory paths and ignore rules -> copy streams or directory writes -> logging and callback invocations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors are evident. The copy function dynamically handles streams and files, but it does not perform any network activity or malicious actions. The code relies on external helper modules (utils, fstream-ignore) which are standard. No obfuscation or unusual dynamic code execution is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages file operations via standard Node.js modules and common build automation tasks using Grunt. It handles directory creation, copying with ignore rules, and cleaning using rimraf. All operations are standard, with no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network communication, or reverse shells. Helper functions like 'copy' are well-documented and use safe, conventional patterns. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious behaviors are present. The code appears to be a straightforward build process script without malware signals.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical build automation script for JavaScript projects, with no evidence of malicious intent or malware. It manages file operations securely and uses common modules and patterns. The security risk is minimal, and the malware score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}