{
  "purpose": "This code provides various functions and configurations for extracting and formatting geographic location data from records, supporting multiple countries with country-specific logic.",
  "sources": "Data is read from record objects via properties such as 'locality', 'region', 'country', 'dependency', 'borough', 'localadmin', 'neighbourhood', and others. These are accessed through helper functions like getFirstProperty and getRegionalValue.",
  "sinks": "The code does not explicitly write to external systems, invoke network requests, or execute code dynamically. It mainly processes input data and returns formatted location strings.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from record objects into various helper functions to extract specific geographic components, which are then used in configuration objects to generate labels. No external network or system interaction is detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears well-structured and straightforward, with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets. Usage of third-party libraries (lodash, remove-accents) is standard and justified. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple helper functions for normalizing strings, extracting geographic components based on country-specific logic, and handling special cases like NYC addresses. Configuration objects map country codes to relevant extraction functions, which indicates a well-designed, modular approach. No malicious patterns, such as data exfiltration, network requests, or hidden backdoors, are present. All external dependencies are standard libraries used appropriately. There are no signs of code injection, security vulnerabilities, or malicious behavior.\n\nOverall, the code is a clean, well-maintained geographic data processing module with no malicious intent or security issues.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign and intended for geographic data normalization and formatting. It does not contain malware, suspicious behaviors, or security risks based on the provided source. It employs standard libraries and clear logic, with no signs of malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}