{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions and configuration for geographic data processing and label generation based on address components across multiple countries.",
  "sources": "Data inputs are primarily from record objects, specifically properties like 'region', 'locality', 'dependency', 'country', and others. Input sources include record parameter functions such as getFirstProperty and specific record property checks.",
  "sinks": "Data flows into return statements for label values, and potentially into imported builder modules. No direct data leaks or insecure data handling are evident, but the imported modules may process or execute code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from record property extraction functions (sources) to value return points, often after normalization or filtering (e.g., getRegionalValue, getFirstProperty). No network or external system interactions are directly observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No evidence of malicious code such as network communication, system modification, or backdoors. Usage of external 'require' calls for builder modules is standard and not suspicious by itself. The code involves complex conditional logic but no signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of utility functions that process geographic record data to generate address label components. It uses lodash and remove-accents libraries for data normalization and handling. Functions are designed to extract specific parts of geographic information based on country-specific rules, with special handling for NYC and French overseas regions. The code's structure is clear, with no signs of dynamic code execution, network requests, or hidden logic. External modules are used for building address parts but are not suspicious by themselves. There are no hardcoded secrets, no dynamic evaluations, nor any obfuscated code. Overall, the code appears to be a well-structured utility for geographic label generation, with no malicious intent or behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a non-malicious utility module for geographic data processing and label generation, with no signs of malware or security risks. It operates purely on data transformation and extraction, utilizing external libraries and modules appropriately. No suspicious or malicious behavior is evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}