{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for making GET and POST API requests to a specified base URI, with the ability to change the base URI dynamically.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters: 'uri' and 'data'. The 'setBaseURI' function reads the 'base' parameter to set the default URI.",
  "sinks": "The 'fetch' function is used to perform network requests with the constructed URL and request body. The responses are parsed as JSON.",
  "flows": "Input parameters 'uri' and 'data' flow into the 'fullUri' function to generate URLs; 'fullUri' uses the base URI and path. The URL is used as the sink for network requests. Response data is returned as JSON.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code, obfuscated code, or hardcoded secrets aside from the default API endpoint. The URL is set via a setter function, allowing dynamic change, but this is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for fetching and posting data to an API endpoint with a default URI, which can be altered at runtime. The code uses 'fetch' for network requests, with no apparent use of untrusted inputs beyond function parameters. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious network activity are present. There is no indication of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious code execution. The functions are straightforward and implement typical API call patterns. The dynamic base URI setting introduces flexibility but also potential for malicious redirection if 'setBaseURI' is misused, which warrants caution in trust management.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility for API communication with configurable base URI. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected in this snippet. The primary concern is the potential misuse of 'setBaseURI' to redirect API calls maliciously, but this depends on context and trustworthiness of the source setting the URI.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}