{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom HTML element <WaterMask> that renders animated watermark overlays on the page, with configurable attributes such as text, color, font size, angle, and layout parameters.",
  "sources": "The code reads attribute values from the custom element (<WaterMask>) such as 'txt', 'color', 'alpha', 'fontsize', 'font', 'width', 'height', 'angle', 'full', 'print'. It also accesses window.screen.width and window.screen.height.",
  "sinks": "The code updates the shadow DOM innerHTML with generated styles and watermark content, but does not directly write untrusted data to sensitive sinks such as network, system files, or environment variables.",
  "flows": "Input attributes are parsed and validated, then used to generate HTML content via the dot template engine. No untrusted data flows into insecure sinks or executes dynamically. The only potential flow is the rendering of attribute data into innerHTML.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard implementation for rendering configurable overlays. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No suspicious code or hidden behaviors are detected. The template uses safe interpolation.",
  "analysis": "The script creates a custom element 'WaterMask' that renders watermark overlays based on element attributes. It performs attribute validation and dynamic layout calculations. It uses the dot template engine to generate HTML with inline styles for rotation and positioning. No network calls, file access, or system modifications are observed. The code does not execute untrusted code beyond rendering content. No obfuscation or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign, configurable watermark rendering component. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are identified. It only manipulates DOM content for visual purposes without external harmful effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}