{
  "purpose": "The script manages downloading and installing prebuilt binaries for the iohook library, based on platform and architecture options.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (npm_config_targets, npm_config_platforms, npm_config_arches), package.json, system temp directory, and network (GitHub releases).",
  "sinks": "Network request to download prebuilt binaries; file system operations (write/read tar.gz files); console logging.",
  "flows": "Sources (env vars, package.json) influence options for platform/arch targets; download URL is constructed and fetched; downloaded archive is extracted to the filesystem.",
  "anomalies": "Code constructs download URLs dynamically based on environment variables and package data, which could potentially be manipulated. Usage of 'rc' to read npm configuration could read user-supplied proxy settings; no hardcoded secrets or credentials observed. The code does not appear to perform any malicious system modifications or data exfiltration. No suspicious obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily orchestrates the download of prebuilt binaries from a GitHub release based on system and user-specified configurations. It reads npm configuration (including proxies) to customize the download request, which is standard. Network requests are made to a legitimate domain (github.com), and the downloaded content is extracted locally. No code injection, data leakage, or system sabotage observed. The code does not perform any covert operations, secret exfiltration, or backdoors. The dynamic URL construction and proxy configuration are common in build scripts, not indicative of malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate build/deployment helper without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard build utility for fetching and installing prebuilt binaries, with no signs of malware or malicious activity. It reads system and environment data to determine download parameters, and performs file operations safely. No malicious behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}