{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement analytics tracking, dynamic table manipulation, and UI interactions for a feature comparison webpage.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from script tags, URL hash, DOM elements (e.g., data attributes, class names), and user interactions such as clicks and mouse movements.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM elements (adding table cells, updating class names), triggers events, dynamically loads external scripts (Google Analytics), and potentially manipulates CSS for visual effects.",
  "flows": "Data from script tags and user events flow into DOM updates and analytics functions; script loading flows from external sources; user interactions influence DOM manipulations, such as expanding/collapsing sections and tooltips.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code structures are evident. The only notable dynamic external resource is Google Analytics, which is standard. Functions like window.test and __updateSupertest are for testing purposes but do not perform malicious actions.",
  "analysis": "The code loads Google Analytics asynchronously and tracks page views, which is typical for web analytics. It dynamically creates and manipulates DOM elements, including table headers, tooltips, and expand/collapse controls. There are no indications of data exfiltration, system access, or malicious network activity. The code handles user interface interactions and feature toggles without suspicious logic. No obfuscated code or malicious payloads are detected. The presence of test functions suggests development or debugging aids but not malicious intent. Overall, the script adheres to typical webpage behavior with standard security considerations. No suspicious or malicious behaviors identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard webpage UI manipulations and analytics tracking with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It does not include any backdoors, data theft, or malicious network activity. The presence of test functions is typical for development. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}