{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be for a web page that dynamically manages a feature comparison table, including analytics, user interactions, and UI effects.",
  "sources": "Reads include 'document.scripts', 'document.location.protocol', jQuery selectors (e.g., $('#table-wrapper')), window properties, and DOM events.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include creation and insertion of external script ('ga.js'), DOM manipulation, jQuery methods that modify classes and styles, and dynamic HTML generation with user interaction.",
  "flows": "The code loads Google Analytics script, tracks pageviews, manages user interactions with table elements, tooltip display, and sorts/updates table contents based on user actions. Data flows from user events to DOM updates and analytics script loading.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials beyond Google Analytics UA ID, which is standard. No suspicious network connections or obfuscated code. The code contains extensive DOM manipulation and dynamic HTML, but these are standard for interactive web pages. The inline script for Google Analytics is common practice. No hidden backdoors or data exfiltration evident. Use of jQuery and dynamic content handling appears typical.",
  "analysis": "The script loads Google Analytics asynchronously with a standard UA ID, which is normal for tracking. It implements user interface features such as expandable rows, column sorting, tooltips, and dynamic styling, all via jQuery. Event handlers modify DOM elements, toggle classes, and update visual indicators. No code injects or executes untrusted input. No evidence of malicious network activity, hidden scripts, or data theft. The script does not handle sensitive credentials or environment variables. Its behavior aligns with standard web interface functionalities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily concerned with UI interactions and analytics tracking on a webpage. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware indicators are present. It functions as a complex frontend script for managing a feature comparison table with user interaction features. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}