{
  "purpose": "The code appears to facilitate tracking, user interaction, and dynamic table manipulation within a web page, primarily for presenting feature test results and browser compatibility data.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from script tags associated with test results and feature information, as well as from DOM elements such as table cells, scripts, and user interactions (e.g., clicks, hash changes).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include dynamic DOM modifications, setting innerText/textContent, inserting scripts dynamically, and triggering events that modify page state or appearance.",
  "flows": "Data flows from script tags and DOM attributes (sources) into DOM elements and functions that modify UI or trigger further events. For example, feature counts and test results (source) are displayed and updated in table cells (sink). User actions (click, hash change) trigger functions that modify DOM elements or update display.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically loads an external script ('ga.js' for Google Analytics), which is common but warrants scrutiny for potential data leakage. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are apparent. The code uses jQuery and dynamically manipulates DOM for feature testing UI, but no malicious obfuscation or suspicious code patterns are detected. Usage of 'document.scripts' as a property is unusual but harmless. No obfuscated code, no unexplained network requests, and no suspicious function behavior are present.",
  "analysis": "The code loads Google Analytics asynchronously, which is standard for tracking. It includes functions to dynamically add table headers, handle user interaction for expanding/collapsing subtests, display tooltips with source code info, and manage table sorting and feature tallies. It uses jQuery for DOM manipulation and event handling, with no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system access. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. The dynamic loading of 'ga.js' might collect user data, but this aligns with Google Analytics usage. All operations appear to be UI and data presentation related, with no malicious intent or suspicious network activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive UI script for presenting feature test results and managing user interactions, with an external dependency on Google Analytics for tracking. There are no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It does not perform any harmful actions such as data theft, system modification, or unauthorized network communication beyond the standard Google Analytics tracking. Overall, it is a benign, well-structured script with no malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}