{
  "purpose": "The source code functions as a comprehensive JavaScript utility library for WebGL shader processing, event management, and path operations. It includes shader version detection, code generation, parsing routines, and event emitter classes, primarily aimed at shader compilation and event handling within graphics applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads shader source strings, filesystem contents via 'fs.readFile', environment variables, and global objects. It processes input shader code, configuration strings, and file data to generate or parse shader programs and manage events.",
  "sinks": "The code employs console assertions, warnings, errors, and dynamic Function creation (eval-like behavior). It also performs file reads and string manipulations. No network activity or data exfiltration signs are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from shader source strings, file contents, and configuration inputs into parsing routines, code generation functions, and string transformations. Dynamic evaluation via 'new Function' executes generated code within the shader compilation context. No malicious data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy regex parsing, complex string manipulations, and minification are present, typical of shader parsers and code generators. Use of 'require('fs')' indicates Node.js environment. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or network exfiltration signals are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a sophisticated shader processing and event utility library, involving dynamic code evaluation, regex-based parsing, and file system access. These features are standard in shader compilers and code generators but could pose risks if inputs are untrusted. No signs of sabotage, malicious payloads, or data leaks are evident. The complexity and minification are typical for such tools, not malicious obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a legitimate, complex utility library for shader processing, event management, and path operations. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, sabotage, or sabotage indicators. The primary concern is the use of dynamic evaluation which should be handled with trusted inputs. Overall, the code is safe in its context, with low malware risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}