{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for formatting numbers into human-readable SI prefixes and parsing such strings back into numbers.",
  "sources": "Reads from external 'vars' module for SI definitions and regex; uses input string in parse() and number in format().",
  "sinks": "The console.log() inside the parse() function's replace callback, which outputs parsed numeric value and matching suffix.",
  "flows": "Input string processed by toLowerCase() and replace() with callback; callback logs data; parse() returns computed number.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of console.log() statement within the parse() function's regex replace callback, intended for debugging.",
  "analysis": "The code provides straightforward number formatting and parsing with SI prefixes, relying on an external vars module. The only anomaly is the console.log() in parse(), which is a debugging artifact and not malicious. No network activity, data exfiltration, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation are present. The malware score is 0, as no malicious behavior is detected. The security risk score is low (~0.1-0.2), mainly due to the debug log, which could leak internal data if logs are exposed. The code is clear and well-structured, with no obfuscation. The scores assigned in the reports are consistent with the code's benign nature. It is recommended to remove or disable the console.log() in production to prevent potential information leaks, but overall, the supply chain risk is very low.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility for size formatting and parsing, with the only minor concern being the residual console.log() statement used for debugging. No malicious activity, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities are present. The current scores accurately reflect this assessment, with malware score 0, obfuscated score 0, and a low security risk score (~0.1-0.2). It is advisable to remove the debug logging before deployment, but otherwise, the code is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.15,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}