{
  "purpose": "This code provides various financial calculations related to retirement planning, including pension calculations, salary forecasts, tax computations, and income worth adjustments.",
  "sources": "Inputs such as salary, pension rate, inflation rate, and tax brackets are read from function parameters or variables. The data includes predefined tax ranges and rate thresholds.",
  "sinks": "Calculations output numerical results such as retirement income, adjusted income worth, and required savings; these are returned or formatted for display.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input variables through calculations like pension and tax functions, with input validation, into output results. No untrusted external data or user input processing appears to be present.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not handle any external data sources, nor does it execute dynamic code, eval, or similar. All data appears hardcoded or passed as parameters. There are no hidden or suspicious code constructs, backdoors, or malicious patterns. The only potential concern is the lack of input sanitization for external sources, but given current inputs are internal or controlled, this is not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of standard financial calculation functions with input validation primarily on the parameters. The pensionCalculator adjusts rates from percentage to decimal, the calculateRetirementIncome forecasts salary growth based on different methods, and the tax calculator applies progressive tax brackets. All functions are deterministic and do not perform any network operations, system modifications, or data exfiltration. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware-like behavior. The code is straightforward, and no obfuscation or suspicious patterns are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate financial planning utility with no signs of malicious or sabotage behavior. It solely performs calculations based on input parameters and predefined data, with no external communications or harmful operations detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}