{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for number formatting, coordinate conversion, and validation within the L.NumberFormatter object.",
  "sources": [
    "L.Util.formatNum for number formatting (assumed to be an external or previously defined function).",
    "Function input parameters: num, dec, sep, and deg, which accept external input data."
  ],
  "sinks": [
    "Number conversion and formatting functions that produce formatted strings or numbers.",
    "No data is written to files, network, or external systems."
  ],
  "flows": [
    "Input parameters (num, dec, sep, deg) are processed to produce formatted strings or validated numbers.",
    "Input from external sources is transformed into formatted or validated outputs without side effects."
  ],
  "anomalies": [
    "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code detected.",
    "Code relies on external function L.Util.formatNum, but that is a standard pattern and not inherently malicious.",
    "No obfuscated or dynamically executed code is present.",
    "No unusual or hidden behaviors observed."
  ],
  "analysis": "The code defines an object with three utility functions: round, toDMS, and createValidNumber. These functions perform mathematical operations, string manipulations, and coordinate conversions. They accept input parameters, process them using straightforward calculations and string operations, and return formatted strings or numbers. There are no external network calls, data leaks, or suspicious behaviors. No hardcoded secrets or malicious code patterns are detected. The use of external functions like L.Util.formatNum appears standard and safe. Overall, the code performs benign number formatting and validation tasks without security concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of benign utility functions for number formatting and coordinate conversion. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident. The functions process data locally and return formatted results. No indicators of malware or security threats are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}