{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for number formatting, coordinate conversion, and validation in mapping applications.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to functions: num, dec, sep, deg, and num string in createValidNumber.",
  "sinks": "No untrusted data sinks; functions operate solely on inputs and local variables.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow through formatting and parsing logic within each function; no external data flows or network activity.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies detected; code is straightforward with standard operations. Minor edge case handling in toDMS is noted but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines three utility functions: 'round' for number formatting with decimal precision, 'toDMS' for converting degrees to DMS string, and 'createValidNumber' for parsing strings into numbers. All functions operate solely on their inputs, with no external dependencies besides 'L.Util.formatNum', which is presumed safe. No obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious behaviors are present. The functions are standard, with correct logic for their purposes. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or external system interactions are evident. The external dependency 'L.Util.formatNum' could be a concern if malicious, but in typical mapping libraries, it is a standard utility. The code handles edge cases reasonably, with minor formatting considerations in 'toDMS'. Overall, the code is benign, with no security risks or malware indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of benign utility functions for number formatting and coordinate conversion, operating solely on input parameters with no external system interactions or malicious behaviors. All reports correctly assess the code as safe, with malware scores of 0, obfuscated scores of 0, and very low security risk scores. The assessments are consistent and justified based on the code's straightforward nature.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}