{
  "purpose": "This code implements a lightweight inverse distance weighting (IDW) heatmap layer for Leaflet maps, allowing visualization of spatial data points with customizable gradients, cell sizes, and opacity.",
  "sources": "Data points are provided via the 'data' method or directly added through 'add' or 'setLatLngs'; the code reads these data points for visualization.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily renders visual data onto a canvas element; no direct data sinks or network transmissions are present. No insecure data handling or output channels are identified.",
  "flows": "Data points are fed into the heatmap layer; during '_redraw', spatial calculations are performed, and the visualization is rendered onto the canvas. No external data flows to untrusted sources or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, unusual code, or suspicious operations are observed. The code is straightforward and focused on rendering heatmaps. No obfuscated or misleading code structures are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a simple IDW heatmap plugin for Leaflet, handling data input, visualization parameters, and rendering. It computes interpolated values based on spatial data, then visualizes them using canvas operations and gradients. The code does not perform any network operations, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. The only notable computational steps involve spatial calculations and rendering, with no signs of malicious intent or malicious behavior. The functions are well-structured, with no indications of obfuscation or hidden code. The inclusion of console logs is benign and related to performance debugging.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign visualization plugin for Leaflet, with no malicious behavior, malware, or security risks identified. It strictly handles data visualization without external network communication or data leaks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}