{
  "purpose": "This code implements an inverse distance weighting (IDW) heatmap layer for the Leaflet mapping library, allowing visualization of spatial data points with interpolated heatmap colors.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data points via the 'data' and 'addLatLng' methods, and accesses map events and properties such as 'moveend', 'zoom', and container sizes. It also reads color gradient definitions and configuration options.",
  "sinks": "The code draws on HTML canvas elements for visualization, but does not perform any network operations, file I/O, or execute system commands. No direct data leakage, external calls, or untrusted data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input data points flow from method calls into internal data structures; during '_redraw', spatial computations generate colorized heatmap pixels based on input positions and values; the heatmap is rendered on the canvas element without external data transfer.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code is well-structured, relies on standard Leaflet and Canvas APIs, and performs typical spatial interpolation. No obfuscation or suspicious dynamic code execution is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a heatmap layer for Leaflet based on inverse distance weighting, utilizing canvas drawing and gradient color mapping. Data points are added via exposed methods, and rendering involves spatial interpolation across a grid. No external network calls or sensitive operations are observed. The code appears legitimate, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It functions solely for visualization purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a Leaflet heatmap plugin with no indications of malicious intent. It securely handles input data, rendering, and visualization without external communications or data leaks. No malware or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}