{
  "purpose": "This code provides a utility class 'ServerNet' for making HTTP GET and POST requests, supporting callback and promise-based asynchronous operations, with configurable headers, timeouts, and optional gzip compression.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include 'url' and 'params' parameters passed into 'httpGet' and 'httpPost' methods, and configuration options such as headers and timeout from 'config' parameter.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can flow into the 'body' of HTTP responses, potentially leading to data leaks if not handled carefully. The code also constructs URLs with user-supplied parameters, which could cause injection if parameters are maliciously crafted. The use of 'request' module for network requests is an external sink.",
  "flows": "Parameters 'params' are appended to URLs or included in request bodies; response bodies are parsed and returned via callback or promise. Data flows from input parameters to request data, and response data flows back to the caller.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors observed. Usage of 'require(\"request\")' for network calls is standard, and the code appears to sanitize and handle JSON parsing with try-catch blocks. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs HTTP request options dynamically based on input parameters and headers, supporting JSON, form data, and plain text. It handles asynchronous network requests with proper error handling and optional gzip compression. The inclusion of 'request' module is standard for HTTP operations. No malicious patterns such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors are evident. Potential concerns include reliance on external input for URL parameters and request data, but no direct security flaws or malicious behaviors are identified within this module. The code adheres to typical network request patterns without suspicious modifications.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a straightforward utility for performing HTTP GET and POST requests with configurable options. There are no signs of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or malware. The primary security considerations involve ensuring that calling code validates input parameters appropriately and handles response data securely. Overall, the code is safe and standard in function.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}