{
  "purpose": "This code implements a ServerNet class providing static methods for making HTTP GET and POST requests, with configurable headers, timeout, and data encoding. It facilitates network communication for other parts of an application.",
  "sources": "User-provided parameters for URL query string (params), request body (params), configuration objects (config), and callback functions (cb).",
  "sinks": "The 'request' module is used to send HTTP requests, which can potentially send untrusted data to external servers. No direct data leaks are evident within this code. The body of the request can include user-supplied data, but it is handled securely by the request module.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (params, config, cb) are used to construct request data and headers, then passed into the request module. Responses are processed and passed back via callbacks or promises.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain obfuscated code, hardcoded credentials, or unusual code patterns. Usage of 'require' within functions could be considered dynamic but is common in Node.js. No backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious behaviors are evident. No unsafe handling of data is apparent; however, the code does not validate URL or parameters before use, but this is typical for such network code.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a ServerNet class with static methods 'httpGet' and 'httpPost'. These methods construct request options based on input parameters, handle JSON and form data encoding, support gzip compression, and manage asynchronous request handling with callbacks or promises. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, connection to malicious domains, or system manipulation. The use of 'require' inside functions is standard for modular node applications. The code relies on external modules (request and utils) and correctly handles JSON parsing. Overall, it appears to be standard network utility code with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical implementation of network request functions using the 'request' module, with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is a standard utility component for HTTP communication, with no suspicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}