{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Vue.js component setup for a ruler and refer line system, including interactive features like adding, moving, locking lines, zooming, panning, and rendering rulers and grid lines for design or measurement purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads DOM element bounding rectangles, user input events (mouse movement, clicks), and internal state variables such as scale, translation, and line properties. It also accesses DOM elements via refs for viewport, container, and canvas elements.",
  "sinks": "The code updates internal state variables (translation, scale, line positions) and triggers rendering functions. It also sets transform origins and modifies canvas drawing contexts. No explicit data leakage or insecure data handling is observed.",
  "flows": "User input events (mouse move, mouse down) flow into functions that modify position, scale, or line properties. These updates affect rendering and transformations, maintaining a real-time interactive visualization. There are no external network requests or data exfiltration points.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code contains extensive dynamic DOM manipulation and event handling, but nothing that directly indicates malicious intent. No obfuscated or minified code segments are present; code is formatted for readability. The code performs complex rendering but in a typical interactive design component manner.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Vue.js component setup for an interactive ruler and reference line system. It manages user interactions like dragging lines, zooming, and translating views, with proper state management and rendering via canvas. All inputs (mouse events) are used solely for visual adjustments, and the code updates internal visual states without external network activity. No hardcoded credentials or malicious commands are detected. The functions seem to implement legitimate measurement and design features.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate Vue.js component for a design or measurement interface. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or supply chain attacks. The code's complexity is consistent with an advanced UI component without suspicious or harmful logic.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}