{
  "purpose": "This code is a PostCSS plugin designed to convert pixel units to viewport units in CSS rules, with options for exclusions, inclusions, landscape orientation adjustments, and other customization features.",
  "sources": "Inputs are the CSS rules and declarations, source file paths, and configuration options provided via plugin options. Data is read from rule selectors, declaration values, comments, and source file metadata.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include modifications to declaration values (pixel to viewport unit conversion), creation of landscape media rules, and insertion of cloned rules and declarations. No high-risk sinks like network calls, file operations, or system commands are present.",
  "flows": "Sources (CSS rules, declarations, source file info, comments) are processed to identify pixel values and applicable rules. When matched, pixel values are replaced with viewport units based on configuration, and landscape rules are generated. Modifications are applied directly to declarations or via insertion after original declarations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The code uses standard libraries and functions for CSS processing. No unusual language features or dynamic code execution are observed. No suspicious network activity or system modifications are detected. The code performs straightforward CSS unit conversions with optional exclusions/inclusions.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes default settings for converting px to viewport units in CSS. It checks and processes include/exclude patterns, ensures rules are not blacklisted, and clones rules for landscape orientation if enabled. It walks through CSS rules and declarations, skipping those with ignore comments or not matching property lists. It performs pixel value replacements in declaration values, ensuring minPixelValue thresholds and replacing or cloning declarations based on options. The code does not contain obfuscated patterns, suspicious network activity, or file system modifications. It only manipulates CSS AST nodes in a predictable manner. No signs of malicious behavior or security risks are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate PostCSS plugin for unit conversion, with no evidence of malicious intent. It operates within expected parameters, performing CSS transformations based on configuration. There are no indicators of malware or security vulnerabilities in this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}