{
  "purpose": "The code retrieves search query parameters from the URL, assigns default values if not present, and uses these values to perform a mortgage versus rent analysis through an external module, then displays the result.",
  "sources": "The URL's search string via window.location.search; User input via URL parameters.",
  "sinks": "Assignment to DOM element values; use of require() to load external module; output to innerHTML and console.log.",
  "flows": "URL parameters -> getSearchValue function -> variable assignments -> parseFloat conversions -> buyvsrent module -> DOM update and console output.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors observed. Usage of require() suggests a CommonJS environment, which is standard for Node.js, but in browser context might be due to bundling. The code directly assigns URL parameters to input fields without sanitization, which could be a minor concern, but not malicious. The external module 'buy-vs-rent.js' is invoked, but without access to its contents, its safety cannot be guaranteed, though this alone isn't suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard URL parameter parsing and DOM manipulation to display a calculation result based on user inputs. No signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious activity are present. The require() call indicates dependency loading; unless the module itself is malicious, this is typical. There are no suspicious network calls, reverse shells, or data theft mechanisms. The parameters are converted to floats securely and used for calculation. Overall, the code appears benign, focused on user input handling and display logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward utility for parameter retrieval and mortgage analysis, with no indications of malicious behavior or malware. The only potential concern is reliance on an external module, but no malicious intent is evident. Overall, it is safe based on provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}