{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive JavaScript framework for scheme design, including visualization, object management, interaction handling, and rendering.",
  "sources": "Inputs originate from user interactions (mouse, touch, wheel, resize), DOM elements (canvas, style), and internal object methods. Data flow primarily involves coordinate calculations, object selection, and rendering commands.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include DOM manipulations (canvas styles), image drawing via Canvas API, event dispatching (CustomEvent), and potentially untrusted input handling for rendering or interaction logic.",
  "flows": "User interactions (mouse/touch events) flow through EventManager to update view transformations, object selection, and zoom. Coordinates are translated and used to query internal spatial trees (TreeNode) for objects. Rendering functions call canvas drawing methods, and cache updates flow between Scheme and ImageStorage. Event dispatches propagate via DOM events.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs. All functions and class structures align with standard visualization and interaction patterns. No obfuscated code, no dynamic execution of external code, and no hidden network activity or data leaks detected. Use of generated unique IDs appears safe. No signs of malware or malicious privacy violations.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a legitimate framework for rendering and interacting with scheme objects on an HTML5 canvas, with classes for managing layers, objects, cache, zoom, and events. Input data is processed locally, and all sinks involve standard Canvas API and DOM event dispatching. No external network activity, code injection, or data exfiltration routines are present. The overall structure and logic are consistent with standard graphics management. No anomalies or suspicious behaviors identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical open-source visualization and interaction framework for scheme design with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It handles user input, rendering, and object management securely, following standard patterns. Based on the review, the overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}