{
  "purpose": "This code defines and manages regular expressions for validating VAT identification numbers for various European countries, and provides a function to retrieve the appropriate pattern based on a country prefix.",
  "sources": "The code reads predefined string constants containing regex patterns for each country, and the getPattern function that takes a prefix string as input.",
  "sinks": "The getPattern function receives a country prefix and returns a corresponding regex pattern; no external data or untrusted input processing occurs beyond this retrieval.",
  "flows": "Input to getPattern (country prefix) → matching pattern retrieval → returned regex pattern; no data flows into or out of untrusted sources beyond this lookup.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The code is straightforward and mainly pattern definitions. The only potential concern is the reliance on string matching for prefixes, but this is benign.",
  "analysis": "The code sets regex patterns as string constants for VAT number validation per country, stored in variables with country codes. The getPattern function searches through the patterns object to find a pattern with a matching prefix string, then returns that pattern. There are no suspicious functions, no dynamic code execution, nor external network calls. The code is static and appears to be a utility for validation. The pattern definitions seem standard and well-structured, with no obfuscated or malicious code. The patterns themselves are straightforward regex strings for validation, with no indications of malicious intent. Overall, the code is a simple pattern repository and accessor function, with no malware or security risks identified.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign utility for retrieving VAT number regex patterns based on country prefixes. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It functions solely as a pattern lookup service without any external or secret interactions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}