{
  "purpose": "The code sets up a local server environment for running Karma tests and handling screenshot uploads, including static file serving, proxying, and CORS support.",
  "sources": "Reads include request bodies (req.body.screenshot), URL parameters (body.test, body.platform), and filesystem interactions (fs.writeFileSync).",
  "sinks": "Filesystem writes (fs.writeFileSync) for screenshots, console logging, and server responses. Potential for writing files based on client input.",
  "flows": "Client uploads base64-encoded screenshot data via POST requests. Data is decoded and saved as PNG files. Chunks are assembled if multiple parts are received.",
  "anomalies": "Uses deprecated Buffer constructor (`new Buffer`) instead of Buffer.from; no sanitization of filenames or request data; minimal error handling; potential for directory traversal if filename construction isn't safe.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up multiple servers for testing and CORS support, handling screenshot uploads, including chunked uploads. It decodes base64 image data received in requests and writes them to disk with filenames derived from request data. Filename sanitization is attempted via 'filenamify-url', reducing risk of directory traversal. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious external connections are observed. Error handling is minimal but appropriate for a testing environment. No suspicious external network activity or obfuscated code is present. The use of 'new Buffer' is outdated but not malicious. The code's primary risk relates to handling user input for file operations without extensive validation, but this is typical for test harnesses and does not suggest malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate testing server setup for capturing and saving screenshots during test runs. There are no indicators of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. Minor coding issues such as deprecated Buffer usage do not imply malicious intent but should be updated for best practices.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}