{
  "purpose": "The code implements a client library for interacting with an API service, including methods for creating, updating, deleting, listing, and retrieving resources. It handles rate limiting and retries.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters (endpoints, data, IDs, parameters, page, limit) and environment variables (store, accessToken). It also reads response headers from API responses.",
  "sinks": "Uses axios to send HTTP requests; response headers are parsed for throttling. No untrusted data is written to external systems or files.",
  "flows": "Input parameters and environment variables are used to build API URLs and request data. These are sent via axios to external API endpoints. Response headers are parsed for rate limiting control.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to be standard API client implementation; no hardcoded secrets or credentials besides provided store and accessToken. No suspicious or unusual code structures are evident. The URL builder encodes parameters but does not perform unsafe eval or dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical API client library with methods to create, read, update, delete, and list resources. It handles retries with exponential backoff on errors, manages rate limiting based on response headers, and encodes URL parameters carefully. No suspicious code such as dynamic code execution, data exfiltration, or network communication beyond intended API requests is detected. There are no hardcoded secrets or credentials. The logic for error handling and retries appears standard. There is no obfuscated code or uncommon language features. The use of axios for HTTP requests is common, and response headers are safely parsed for rate limiting. The URL builder carefully encodes parameters to avoid injection, and no insecure practices are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a standard, well-structured API client library with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It handles API interactions, rate limiting, and retries securely and appropriately. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}