{
  "purpose": "This code implements a client for interacting with an Acenda API, including methods for creating, updating, deleting, listing, and retrieving resources from the API with retry and throttling handling.",
  "sources": "Reads include the parameters in functions (endpoints, data, IDs, query params), environment variables (potentially via store and accessToken if externally supplied). Axios responses and request headers are also sources.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests made via axios (POST, PUT, DELETE, GET) to the API endpoint. Potential sinks include data transmitted over network and error handling that may expose error details.",
  "flows": "Sources (input parameters, API responses) flow into HTTP request constructions and error handling routines. Responses influence throttling management and retries. Error details may flow into exception objects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are evident. The URL builder manipulates query parameters carefully. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward API client with retry and throttling logic. It uses axios for HTTP requests, handles responses, and retries on failures, with exponential backoff. No suspicious code patterns, dynamic code execution, or data exfiltration methods are present. Error handling is standard, wrapping axios errors into custom error objects. The URL construction carefully encodes parameters, avoiding injection vulnerabilities. No hardcoded secrets or unusual code structures are detected. Overall, this appears to be a standard API client implementation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API client for Acenda with robust retry and throttling handling. No signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are identified. It operates as intended without hidden or malicious functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}