{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JavaScript function 'movieInfo' to fetch movie details from The Movie Database (TMDB) API, supporting AMD, CommonJS, and browser global environments.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters 'movie' and 'year', as well as the API key embedded in the search object. It also reads the fetch function from the environment (AMD, CommonJS, or global).",
  "sinks": "The code constructs a URL with the API key and user input, then uses fetch to make an HTTP GET request. The response is processed and passed to callback or returned as a promise.",
  "flows": "Input parameters 'movie' and 'year' flow into URL construction, which is then used as the fetch request URL. The response flows through JSON parsing and error handling, eventually reaching the callback or promise resolution.",
  "anomalies": "The API key '9d2bff12ed955c7f1f74b83187f188ae' is hardcoded, which is a security concern but not malicious per se. The code performs standard fetch operations and error handling without obfuscation or malicious code patterns. No evidence of data exfiltration, malicious network connections, or backdoors is present. The code uses standard practices for environment compatibility.",
  "analysis": "The code correctly initializes a universal module pattern, supporting multiple module systems. It defines a 'movieInfo' function that validates inputs, constructs an API request URL with the embedded API key, and fetches movie data from TMDB. Error handling covers JSON errors and no-results scenarios, with retry logic that removes the year parameter if initial search fails. The function offers both callback and promise interfaces. No suspicious or malicious behaviors are evident; the API key is exposed but appears intended for public use. The network request is limited to TMDB API and does not connect to suspicious domains or perform unauthorized actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility for fetching movie info from TMDB, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks beyond the exposure of a public API key. Its design is typical, and no malware or harmful activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}