{
  "purpose": "This code defines and extends Web Animations API functionalities, including creating, removing, cloning, and managing keyframe effects and animations on DOM elements.",
  "sources": "Reads data from DOM elements (e.g., target element), effect inputs (e.g., keyframes, timing), and animation options (e.g., id). It also reads shared utility functions for keyframe normalization and timing.",
  "sinks": "Calls to element.animate() invoke native animation functions, potentially creating underlying animations. The code also interacts with getComputedStyle, which reads computed CSS styles. There are no apparent sinks that process untrusted external input directly leading to data leaks or malicious actions.",
  "flows": "Effect input (keyframes, timing) -> creation of KeyframeEffect -> element.animate() triggers creation of underlying Web Animations. The code manages animation lifecycle, including removal and cloning, with interactions mainly within DOM and CSS styling contexts.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The code includes deprecation warnings and legacy support, which is typical in polyfills or API extensions. No code appears obfuscated or intentionally malicious. There is a benign extension of DOM animation functionalities with no hidden or malicious actions.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily implements or extends the Web Animations API, enabling creation, management, and removal of keyframe effects and animations. It hooks into Element.prototype.animate, manages effect lifecycle with functions like removeMulti, clone, and supports custom keyframe functions. It also intercepts getComputedStyle calls to update animation states. The logic appears standard, with no signs of data exfiltration, malicious network activity, or backdoors. The functions and variables are consistent with animation management. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code behavior are present. The code is well-structured, and there is no evidence of obfuscation or malware.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate extension and management system for Web Animations API, with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior detected. It simply enhances animation handling in the DOM context without any indication of malware or malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}