{
  "purpose": "The code provides an API service that fetches social media and forum data from external sources, processes the text data, and performs sentiment analysis.",
  "sources": "Reads user-provided query parameters from URL paths, which are then used to construct external API requests.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data from external APIs is processed and returned; no data is stored or sent elsewhere within this code.",
  "flows": "User inputs (query parameters) flow into URL construction, then into external API calls, and the responses are processed through multiple text transformations before sentiment analysis output is returned.",
  "anomalies": "Repeated code blocks for similar functionality suggest lack of DRY principle but do not indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution present. No suspicious network connections beyond the specified API calls. No malware-like activities such as data exfiltration, system modification, or covert communications identified.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes several NLP processing libraries and defines multiple GET API endpoints that fetch data from external sources based on user input. Each endpoint constructs URLs dynamically with user-provided parameters. Responses are processed through text normalization, tokenization, spell correction, stopword removal, and sentiment analysis. There is no evidence of malicious code, backdoors, or hidden behaviors. All external data flows are from trusted sources (the social-scraper API), and responses are only processed for sentiment. No hardcoded secrets or malicious payloads are present. The structure is straightforward, and no obfuscation is detected. The only concern might be the lack of input validation for query parameters, which could lead to injection or other issues, but given the context, these are not malicious per se.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a text analysis API using publicly available libraries and external data sources. There are no signs of malicious intent or malware. The processing steps are consistent with normal NLP workflows, and no suspicious behaviors are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}