{
  "purpose": "This code provides an API server that fetches data from external social media and search engines, processes the text data through tokenization, spell correction, stopword removal, and sentiment analysis, then returns the sentiment score.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from URL parameters (req.params.query), which are used to construct external API request URLs. It also reads response data from external APIs (social-scraper-one.vercel.app).",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the response object (res.send), which outputs JSON containing analysis results. No sensitive data or untrusted inputs are written to files, consoles, or external systems.",
  "flows": "Input (URL params) -> External API call -> Response data -> Text preprocessing (aposToLexForm, lowercasing, regex cleaning) -> Tokenization -> Spell correction -> Stopword removal -> Sentiment analysis -> Output JSON response.",
  "anomalies": "Repeated code blocks with similar logic across different endpoints; redundant use of 'map' with no effect (e.g., tokenizedTexts.map((text) => text.map((word) => spellCheck.correct(word))) which does not modify the array). The code does not sanitize URL parameters before use, but they are only used to construct external URLs; no direct code injection is evident. No hardcoded credentials are present. No obfuscation detected. The code uses standard modules without unusual or malicious features.",
  "analysis": "The server defines multiple GET endpoints that accept query parameters, which are incorporated into external API URLs to fetch data. The responses are processed uniformly: extracting titles, converting to lex form, lowercasing, removing non-alpha characters, tokenizing, correcting spelling, removing stopwords, and performing sentiment analysis. The processing pipeline is straightforward, utilizing well-known modules (axios, natural, stopword, spelling-corrector). No evidence of malicious code such as data exfiltration, system commands, or backdoors. The only potential concern is that user input directly influences external API URLs, which could be exploited for URL manipulation or SSRF if external API URL is not validated, but the code does not perform such validation. Overall, no malicious behavior is observed within this code segment. The repetitive pattern across routes suggests possible refactoring opportunity but does not introduce security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a text analysis API aggregating data from external sources. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities such as code injection, data leakage, or malware are evident. The primary concern is the reliance on external APIs with user-controlled URL parameters, which could potentially be exploited, but no active malicious actions are present in this code. Overall, the code demonstrates low security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}