{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React Native component 'SketchObject' used for drawing and manipulating shapes on a canvas, including interaction handling such as dragging and selection.",
  "sources": "Reads input data via 'props.data', particularly 'props.data.points', 'props.data.x', 'props.data.y', and 'props.data.id'. Listens to gesture events through PanResponder handlers.",
  "sinks": "Updates 'props.data' properties directly (e.g., 'props.data.points', 'props.data.x', 'props.data.y') and calls 'attachObjectEvent' with event details. Uses 'console.log' for debugging.",
  "flows": "User gestures trigger pan responder handlers that modify shape position, then update 'props.data' and trigger 'attachObjectEvent'. Shape type determination guides data flow logic.",
  "anomalies": "Direct modification of 'props.data' properties (e.g., 'props.data.points', 'props.data.x', 'props.data.y') instead of state or callbacks. Use of console.log without security relevance. No suspicious code for data exfiltration or backdoors. No hardcoded credentials or network calls observed.",
  "analysis": "The component primarily manages shape rendering and user interactions within a React Native app. It reads input data for shape parameters and updates data during drag operations, but does so by directly mutating 'props.data', which is generally discouraged but not malicious. No code indicates data theft, network communication, or system manipulation. No obfuscated code or hidden malicious logic detected. The code's purpose is UI interaction handling, with no evidence of malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React Native shape manipulation component with no malicious behavior. It manages shape positions and selections, responding to user gestures without performing any suspicious network activity or data exfiltration. The direct mutation of 'props.data' is a coding concern but not malicious. Overall, the package shows no signs of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}