{
  "purpose": "This module provides a logging utility with color formatting and output management, allowing configurable log levels, prefixes, and output cleaning for debugging and informational purposes.",
  "sources": "Data is read from configuration parameters (conf), function arguments, and internal regex replacements for cleaning output. It processes input data via the simple_clean method for output formatting.",
  "sinks": "Potential sink points include process.stdout._write for outputting strings, and formatting functions that handle input data. No direct untrusted data sinks are evident beyond standard output, and no data is transmitted over the network.",
  "flows": "Input data (via conf or function parameters) flows into formatting and cleaning functions (like simple_clean), then to console output through process.stdout._write.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive logging and color formatting but no obvious malicious code. The only potentially suspicious aspect is the global regex replacements in simple_clean, which could be used to hide or alter output. However, these are for formatting purposes and do not perform malicious actions. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No network activity, file system modifications, or malicious behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a logging utility class with color formatting, output cleaning, and configurable logging levels. It uses regex to sanitize output, manages singleton instances, and provides methods for various log types with color customization. There are no indications of data leakage, network activity, or malicious payloads. The use of process.stdout._write is standard for Node.js output, and the regex replacements are for output formatting rather than malicious obfuscation. The code does not include any dynamic code execution, remote network calls, or data exfiltration mechanisms. Overall, it functions as a sophisticated but benign logging utility.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a complex but legitimate logging utility with no malicious intent. It is designed for formatted, configurable output and does not contain any malicious behaviors or sabotage mechanisms. The only minor concern is the regex-based output cleaning, which is benign in this context.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}