{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component for an organizational chart with functionalities like zoom, pan, export, and hierarchy manipulation.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from 'datasource' prop, DOM events (click, wheel, touch events), and internal state variables.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable functions include exporting the chart as PNG/PDF which uses 'canvas.toDataURL()' and triggers downloads, but these are standard functionalities. No external data sinks or network connections are evident.",
  "flows": "User interactions (click, drag, zoom) affect component state and DOM transformations; export functions generate images or PDFs from the DOM canvas. No suspicious data flow external to standard chart export mechanisms.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The code heavily relies on third-party libraries (react, json-digger, html2canvas, jspdf) in a typical manner. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution is present. The only notable behavior is the chart export functionality, which is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component implementing chart visualization with interactive features. It handles user input, DOM manipulation, and exports images/PDFs of the chart. It uses common libraries and patterns. No signs of malicious code, data leakage, or covert network activity are found. The code does not perform any covert data collection or system modifications. The data flow is limited to local data rendering and export operations. All third-party dependencies are standard and used as intended.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React component for chart visualization and export. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The only concern could be unintentional data leakage through exports, but this is typical for such features and does not constitute malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}