{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component for displaying and interacting with a hierarchical organization chart, supporting features like zoom, pan, export, and hierarchy modification.",
  "sources": "Inputs include 'datasource' prop (object), user events (mouse/touch events), and DOM elements (e.g., chart, container). Data is read from props, user interactions, and DOM elements during rendering and event handling.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the export functions (export to PDF/PNG), where image data is generated and downloaded; DOM manipulations for pan/zoom; and hierarchy changes that modify the 'ds' state.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'datasource' into internal state 'ds', which is manipulated via user interactions (e.g., pan, zoom, hierarchy change). Export functions generate images from 'chart' DOM node. User actions trigger these flows.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive code related to UI interactions and exporting; no hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. No external network requests, suspicious domain connections, or system manipulations are present. Use of third-party libraries appears standard and necessary for functionality.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component focused on visualizing and interacting with organizational charts. It manages state for pan, zoom, exporting, and hierarchy. The 'exportTo' method uses 'html2canvas' and 'jspdf' to generate downloadable images or PDFs, which is typical for export features. Event handlers for pan and zoom are standard implementations. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, hidden network requests, or backdoors. The import of libraries like 'json-digger', 'html2canvas', and 'jspdf' is for functionality. The code appears well-structured for its purpose without suspicious or malicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard React component for an organization chart with features like pan, zoom, export, and hierarchy modification. No malicious behavior or sabotage is detected. It utilizes common third-party libraries appropriately, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}