{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React component for rendering an organizational chart with features like zoom, pan, export, and hierarchy modification. It manages chart interactions and rendering but does not appear to perform any data processing or external data fetching.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'datasource' prop, accesses DOM elements via refs, and handles user input events such as clicks, wheel, and touch gestures.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include exporting the chart as PDF or PNG, which involves converting DOM to canvas and saving files. No other significant sinks are present that could lead to data leaks or malicious actions.",
  "flows": "User interactions (clicks, pan, zoom, export) trigger DOM manipulations and data conversions for exporting. Data flows from the 'datasource' into the visual rendering; export functions convert chart DOM to image files.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive Babel helper functions and a large amount of boilerplate code typical of transpiled JavaScript. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments are detected. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component utilizing common libraries for rendering and exporting a chart visualization. It employs standard event handling for panning, zooming, and exporting features. No external network requests, data exfiltration, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The presence of Babel helpers indicates transpilation from modern JavaScript, not malicious obfuscation. Functions like 'exportPDF' and 'exportPNG' use well-known APIs to generate and download images/files. There are no signs of hidden backdoors, malicious data handling, or privacy violations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React component for chart visualization with export features. It does not contain any malware, malicious behaviors, or security risks beyond normal application functionalities. The large Babel helper code is standard for transpiled code and not suspicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}