{
  "purpose": "This module provides functionality to locate revved (hashed or fingerprinted) versions of files on disk or via a custom locator function, mainly for cache-busting purposes in build processes.",
  "sources": "Reads input file paths (parameter of methods like 'find') and search paths (parameters passed to methods). Uses 'path' module to manipulate file paths.",
  "sinks": "Returns candidate file paths or the final revved file path; no data sinks to external sources or system actions observed.",
  "flows": "Input file path -> processed by getRevvedCandidates (either mapping or filesystem search) -> getCandidatesFromMapping or getCandidatesFromFS -> returns candidate list -> 'find' method selects first candidate -> final path returned.",
  "anomalies": "Code uses regular expressions to match hashed filenames but does not perform any dangerous operations; no hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated or malicious patterns detected. Debug statements may leak internal data but are standard for development.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a utility to locate revved assets either via a provided mapping or by searching the filesystem with pattern matching. It uses 'debug' for logging, 'path' for path manipulations, and regex to identify revved filenames. No external network activity, no code injection, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The use of regular expressions and path joins is standard. No suspicious code patterns, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected. The only potential concern is verbose debugging output which could leak sensitive paths if logs are exposed, but this is typical in development settings and not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The module appears to be a legitimate utility for managing revved assets in build pipelines. No malicious code, malware, or security vulnerabilities are evident. It does not perform any harmful actions or data leaks. The code's design and implementation are consistent with standard build tooling for cache busting.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}