{
  "purpose": "Implementation of a Queue data structure with memory optimization and optional cleanup callback.",
  "sources": "The code reads input when adding elements via the add() method, and when clearing the queue with an optional cleanup function. It also reads internal variables during internal operations such as resizing.",
  "sinks": "The only sink related to external input is the optional cleanup function called in clear(), which could potentially execute malicious code if supplied maliciously, but this is controlled by the caller. No external data is written or transmitted by this code.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into the store array via add(). The optional cleanup function in clear() is invoked on each element before clearing the queue. No other external data flow exists.",
  "anomalies": "The clear() method temporarily overrides class methods (add, remove, clear) to prevent reentrant calls during cleanup, which is unusual but not malicious. The code includes try-catch to swallow errors in cleanup functions. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard queue with dynamic resizing and a cleanup mechanism. The cleanup function can execute arbitrary code on each element, but this is a standard pattern for cleanup callbacks and controlled by external callers. No obfuscated code, malicious system calls, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The temporary method overriding during cleanup is an unusual but safe pattern for preventing re-entrancy issues. Overall, no malicious behavior is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward queue implementation with memory optimization and optional cleanup functionality. It does not contain malware, suspicious data leaks, or security risks. The cleanup callback provides flexibility but does not introduce malicious behavior in itself. Overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}