{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Rollup configuration for bundling a JavaScript library or application, specifying input, output formats, external dependencies, and plugins for transpilation, minification, and module resolution.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from './src/index.js' and external dependencies such as 'react', 'styled-components', 'react-dom'. It also loads plugins for Babel, resolution, external peer dependencies, minification, and CSS processing.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of 'terser' for minification, and plugin hooks that handle code transformation and bundling. No direct sinks indicating malicious data leakage or network activity are present.",
  "flows": "Source files are processed through various plugins, ultimately resulting in bundled files ('dist/index.js' and 'dist/index.es.js'). Data flows through the build pipeline, with no untrusted input sources or data leaks evident.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code behavior detected. The use of 'external()' from 'rollup-plugin-peer-deps-external' may be redundant as 'peerDepsExternal()' is already invoked, but this is not malicious. All plugins perform standard build tasks.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Rollup configuration file that specifies input/output files, external dependencies, and a typical set of plugins for module resolution, transpilation, CSS handling, and minification. There are no signs of obfuscated code, malicious behavior, or malicious side-effects. The configuration appears to be for building a library with external peer dependencies and minification for production. No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials or network activity are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical build configuration with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It uses common plugins and standard practices. The overall security risk is very low, and no malicious intent is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}