{
  "purpose": "The code provides an Angular and JavaScript SDK wrapper for Kakao Maps API, allowing integration of Kakao Maps into web applications with various map functionalities, overlays, controls, and services.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration properties from the Kakao API constants and environment variables, and it loads external script resources dynamically for the Kakao Maps SDK using a provided API key.",
  "sinks": "External script loading via dynamically created <script> tags with user-provided API keys; potential to load malicious scripts if the API key is compromised or malicious code is injected into the script source URL.",
  "flows": "The flow involves reading API keys, loading external scripts into the document head, initializing map instances, and setting configurations; data flows from input parameters and environment variables to script injection and map object methods.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present; code appears to follow standard pattern for SDK wrappers. The script source URL is constructed with a user-provided API key, which is necessary for functionality but could be exploited if misused. No suspicious code patterns such as obfuscated code, reverse shells, or hidden network connections are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a comprehensive wrapper around the Kakao Maps JavaScript API, enabling map creation, control, overlays, and services. It loads the Kakao SDK dynamically with an API key, which is a common practice. The code performs standard method calls and promise-based asynchronous handling. It does not include any network calls outside of the external SDK load and typical map interactions. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The only external dependency is the SDK script, which is loaded from a known domain, and the API key is passed at runtime, as expected for such SDK integrations. Overall, it adheres to normal SDK wrapper patterns with no malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code functions as a typical SDK wrapper for Kakao Maps, loading external scripts securely with a user-provided API key, and offering map and overlay functionalities. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware signs are present. The main security consideration is ensuring the API key is kept secure and that the script source URL is not tampered with, which is standard for SDK integrations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}