{
  "purpose": "The code is a JavaScript SDK wrapper for Kakao Maps API, providing map functionalities, controls, overlays, and related services to be used within web applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads API keys from external configuration or during SDK load; it also reads DOM elements for map containers. It references the global 'daum' object for map operations and constants.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include dynamically inserting script tags for SDK loading, and methods that set or get map properties (e.g., setCenter, setLevel, setMapTypeId). No direct data leaks are observed, but dynamic script loading is a sensitive operation.",
  "flows": "Sources (API key input and DOM element references) flow into SDK loading and map initialization functions. User interactions and events are handled via event listeners, passing data to handlers. Data flows from inputs to map methods and from map events to callback handlers.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a large number of wrapper classes with Promise-based asynchronous methods. It loads external scripts dynamically, which could be a vector for malicious code if the source is compromised. No hard-coded credentials are present, but reliance on external SDKs means security depends on external sources. No obfuscation or minification anomalies are evident. The only dynamic code injection is through script tag creation, which is standard but must be handled securely.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive, structured SDK wrapper for Kakao Maps, providing various classes and methods for map control, overlays, services, and event management. It dynamically loads the Kakao SDK via a script tag with an API key provided at runtime. The code uses promise-based async handling for map operations, which is standard. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are detected. The dynamic script injection could be a concern if the API key is malicious or if the source is compromised. The code reads DOM elements for container setup, which is typical. Overall, it functions as intended for map integration, with no evident malicious behavior, but the SDK loading mechanism relies on external script sources, which should be trusted and verified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, structured SDK wrapper for Kakao Maps API, enabling map features within web applications. It dynamically loads the external SDK via script injection, which is standard practice but should be handled with trusted sources. No malicious code, backdoors, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious behaviors are detected within this module. The risk is primarily associated with external SDK security and API key handling outside this code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}