{
  "purpose": "The code is a JavaScript/TypeScript library wrapping Kakao Maps SDK for Angular, providing components, services, and utility classes for map functionalities.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from external SDK (daum.maps and related objects), and from user-provided inputs in method calls and component properties.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests, map overlays/content updates, event handling, and map interactions. Notably, the code sets map properties, overlays, and listens to events, but does not directly perform data exfiltration or network calls outside SDK usage.",
  "flows": "User or external inputs (e.g., map options, overlay content, event handlers) flow into SDK methods (like setMap, setContent, addListener). Event handlers trigger callbacks with SDK responses, but no data is captured or sent elsewhere explicitly within this code. The SDK handles map rendering and interactions locally.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code does contain comprehensive map utilities and event wrappers, which are standard for such SDK integrations. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution that suggests malicious intent. No data leaks or external network requests outside SDK loads are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a large, standard wrapper and component for Kakao Maps SDK, facilitating map operations, overlays, event management, and utilities. It loads the external SDK dynamically and manages map objects and events within the Angular framework. The code adheres to expected patterns for SDK wrapping and does not contain suspicious or malicious behavior. The network call to load the SDK is standard and explicitly constructed with an API key parameter. No code performs unauthorized data transmission or harmful actions. Overall, the implementation appears legitimate, with no indicators of malware or supply chain attacks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical SDK wrapper for Kakao Maps in Angular, with no malicious behavior detected. It loads external resources securely, manages map interactions, and exposes APIs for map features without any suspicious or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}