{
  "purpose": "This code is a JavaScript/TypeScript library wrapper for the Kakao Maps SDK, providing Angular components, services, and classes to integrate Kakao Maps into web applications. It handles map initialization, controls, overlays, and various map features.",
  "sources": "The code reads input mainly from function parameters, class constructors, and configuration objects. It accesses external variables like 'daum' and 'kakao' for map API functions and constants. It also dynamically loads external scripts for the Kakao Maps SDK.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with the DOM (e.g., inserting script tags, setting container styles), and uses external APIs for map functions. It also calls external map API functions which could potentially process untrusted data if misused, but no direct data sinks like network transmission or system modification are present.",
  "flows": "The flow involves loading the Kakao Maps SDK script from a URL constructed with an API key, then initializing map objects with parameters provided by the user. Event listeners are added for map interactions. Map controls and overlays are managed via method calls. Data flows from user-provided configuration and callback functions into map API calls and event responses.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code segments are evident. The script loads an external SDK via a dynamic script element, which is standard practice for such libraries. There are no obfuscated code patterns, no dynamic code execution beyond SDK loading, and no hidden network communications or data leaks observed.",
  "analysis": "The script begins with a UMD wrapper for module compatibility, then defines numerous classes representing constants, map features, overlays, controls, and services, wrapping the 'daum' map API. It loads the external Kakao Maps SDK script dynamically with a user-provided API key. The provider class manages SDK loading and map initialization, with methods to set styles, add controls, manage event listeners, and perform map operations. The components facilitate embedding maps in Angular applications. Throughout, the code uses Promises for async operations, proper error handling, and encapsulates external API calls without evident malicious activity or data exfiltration mechanisms. The dynamic script injection and extensive API wrapper are standard for map SDK integrations, and there are no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Angular wrapper library for Kakao Maps SDK, performing map initialization, control, and overlay management. No malicious activity, backdoors, or security risks are detected. It securely loads the external SDK, and all data flows are typical of such map integrations. It appears safe and appropriate for use within a web application.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}