{
  "purpose": "This JavaScript module facilitates quantum state visualization and simulation by manipulating complex amplitudes, grouping states, and calculating visualization coordinates. It processes quantum state components for rendering purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads quantum state components via the 'qstate' object, accessing bit strings, amplitudes, and state indices; dependencies like lodash and jsqubits provide input data and complex number operations.",
  "sinks": "Internal data structures store processed state components; no external data sinks, network requests, or file I/O are present; data is manipulated within the module for visualization calculations.",
  "flows": "Quantum state components are cloned and grouped; amplitudes are multiplied; positions are calculated based on state indices; grouped states are summed and filtered; internal flows involve cloning, grouping, and coordinate computations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, obfuscation, or hidden behaviors detected. The code uses standard libraries and mathematical operations consistent with scientific visualization. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard quantum state processing: cloning state components, grouping by indices, summing amplitudes, and calculating visualization coordinates. It relies on trusted libraries and performs no network or system operations. The functions are well-structured, with comments explaining their purpose. No malicious behaviors, obfuscation, or external data leaks are evident. The use of small complex values prevents degenerate phases, which is a common practice in quantum simulations. The overall logic aligns with legitimate scientific visualization tasks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate quantum state visualization and simulation module with no signs of malicious activity, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. It operates solely on internal data, uses standard libraries, and performs expected mathematical manipulations. The security risk is minimal, and the malware score is zero.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}