{
  "purpose": "This code implements a genetic algorithm (GA) with functions for population initialization, competition, mutation, crossover, and evolution, relying on external utility functions for randomness and array operations.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from options such as population, functions like randomIndividual, mutate, crossover, and external utilities like randomElement and shuffleArray.",
  "sinks": "No external data sinks; the code does not perform network requests, file operations, or data exfiltration. It manipulates internal data structures only.",
  "flows": "Data flows from source options (population, functions) through GA operations (populate, compete, evolve), with mutation and crossover modifying individuals based on fitness comparisons.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscation detected. External functions are assumed safe; no unusual patterns or malicious constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, well-structured genetic algorithm implementation. It performs population initialization, competition, mutation, crossover, and evolution steps with proper validation. No network activity, data leaks, or malicious behaviors are evident. External utility functions are used for randomness and array operations, which are typical in such algorithms. The code does not contain obfuscation or suspicious patterns. Given the absence of malicious indicators, the malware score is set to 0. The code's clarity and lack of malicious intent justify an obfuscated score of 0. The overall security risk is very low (~0.1), primarily due to reliance on external functions, which are assumed safe. No hardcoded secrets or external communications are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate genetic algorithm implementation with no signs of malware, obfuscation, or security risks. It relies on external utility functions, but nothing suspicious is evident. The scores should reflect this: malware score 0, obfuscated score 0, and a very low security risk (~0.1).",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}