{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React Native component for rendering a customizable animated progress circle, with optional text display and styling.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include component props such as 'progress', 'rotation', 'size', 'color', 'borderColor', and 'children'. It also reads data from 'Animated.Value' instances and component props for rendering logic.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include rendering SVG elements (Arc, Svg), updating component state with 'forceUpdate', and interpolating animated values for rotation and progress. No direct data output sinks such as network calls are present.",
  "flows": "Progress props or animated values (rotation, progress) flow into animated calculations (e.g., angle, rotation transform), influencing SVG rendering. The flow from input props to visual output is typical of React Native animated components.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for a React Native animated progress circle component. No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are detected. No dynamic code execution, hidden network activity, or obfuscated code is present. The code structure and logic are straightforward, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a React Native component with props for customization and animated rendering of a progress circle. It uses standard React and react-native-svg components, with animation interpolations. It manages animated values and updates text display based on progress. No external or hidden malicious operations are evident. All data flows are typical of a UI component, and no suspicious code anomalies are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React Native progress circle component without any malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious data leaks. Its structure and data handling are typical for such UI components.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}