{
  "purpose": "The code provides mathematical functions for 3D coordinate transformations, rotations, and conversions between different representations such as Euler angles, quaternions, rotation matrices, and homogeneous matrices. It supports various transformation types and their compositions, inversions, and conversions.",
  "sources": "Input data is primarily received through function parameters representing transformation vectors, matrices, or coordinate data such as srq, lrq, lre, etc. No external data sources are read within the code itself.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could be used as input to transformation functions, but there are no direct sinks such as network requests, file writes, or system commands within this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through various transformation functions—applying rotations, translations, conversions, and compositions—without external side effects or data leaks. No data is sent over network or written to system resources.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive mathematical functions for rotation and transformation calculations. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. No obfuscated code, eval, or dynamic code execution mechanisms are present. The code is well-structured, with clear mathematical functions. It performs only mathematical operations related to coordinate transformations.",
  "analysis": "The code is focused on geometric transformations and conversions relevant to 3D coordinate systems. It contains functions for creating, inverting, and composing matrices and quaternions, as well as converting between various rotation representations. The functions operate purely on data provided as arguments. There are no network calls, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The code does not perform any external commands or access system resources; it is purely mathematical. No suspicious or malicious patterns such as code injection, backdoors, or data leaks are detected. The functions are mathematically sound and are typical for 3D graphics or robotics applications. No obfuscation or minification is used; the code is clear and well-commented. There are no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or unusual code flows that could indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive library for 3D coordinate transformations and rotations with no signs of malicious behavior. It performs standard mathematical operations for spatial transformations, with no external side effects or data exfiltration. It appears to be a legitimate utility code for geometry processing with no malware signals.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}