{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive suite of functions for 3D transformations and rotations, including conversions between various representations (Euler angles, quaternions, rotation matrices, homogenous matrices) and their applications and inversions. It is intended for mathematical manipulation of spatial transformations, likely in robotics, graphics, or similar fields.",
  "sources": "Functions that read data include input parameters such as rotation matrices, quaternions, vectors, and transformation representations passed to functions like apply_quat, apply_euler, apply_homo, etc. No direct external input reading or data fetching occurs within the code itself; all data are passed via function arguments.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are functions that output or return transformed data, including conversions and applications that may be used further downstream. Notably, functions like apply_homo, apply_quat, apply_euler, etc., produce transformed vectors or matrices, but these are standard mathematical operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from source inputs (rotation representations, vectors) through transformation functions (apply_*), which perform mathematical operations and produce transformed vectors/matrices. Inversion and composition functions process existing transformation data to produce new transformations. The flow appears consistent with mathematical rotation/transformations workflows.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a broad, extensive set of transformation functions, but no explicit data leaks, network communication, or suspicious code is evident. All functions are mathematical and do not access environment variables, filesystem, or external systems. The only potential concern is the comment about 'Replacing mathjs for lower dependency' but no actual network or system interaction is present. The code is procedural and straightforward, with no hidden or obfuscated logic. There are no hardcoded credentials or backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code defines standard mathematical functions for 3D rotation transformations, including conversion functions (euler2rotmat, rotmat2euler, etc.), application functions (apply_quat, apply_euler, etc.), inversion functions, and composition functions. The functions use common mathematical formulas without any dynamic code execution or network activity. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are present. The code appears intended solely for accurate mathematical transformation of spatial data. There is no evidence of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The implementation is comprehensive and consistent with standard practices for spatial transformations. No obfuscation or obfuscated code is detected; the code is clear and well-structured.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate mathematical library for 3D transformations, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It performs standard rotation conversions, applications, and inversions without any suspicious side-effects or hidden behaviors. The absence of external data access, network operations, or hidden code suggests it is safe and purely mathematical in nature.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}