{
  "purpose": "This code provides mathematical functions for coordinate transformations, rotations, and conversions between different representations of orientations and positions in 3D space, likely for robotics or computer graphics applications.",
  "sources": "No explicit external data input sources; all functions operate on provided parameters such as matrices, vectors, or transformation objects.",
  "sinks": "Functions output transformed vectors, matrices, or transformation objects; no data sinks or external data exfiltration points are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into transformation functions, which perform calculations and return results; no external network or system effects are observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code primarily consists of mathematical operations with standard geometric transformations; no unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated logic is detected. The code relies on pure math operations with clear intent.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard linear algebra and geometric transformation functions, including matrix inversion, multiplication, transpose, and conversion between rotation representations such as Euler angles, quaternions, rotation vectors, and rotation matrices. It also provides composition and inversion of transformations in various formats. All functions perform mathematically consistent operations aligned with their purpose, with no signs of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or sabotage. The code avoids external dependencies beyond basic array manipulations, and the comments clearly describe the functions' purpose. No suspicious network activity, credential handling, or data leaks are present. The structure is straightforward and consistent, with no obfuscation or unusual language features.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of geometric transformation utilities intended for 3D coordinate operations. It appears to be a well-structured, legitimate library without malicious intent. No signs of malware, sabotage, or security risks are detected. The implementation is standard, and the code is transparent in its operations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}