{
  "purpose": "The code defines an Angular-based calendar module with multiple view components (month, week, day) and a service for managing calendar state and behavior. It provides UI templates and interaction logic for displaying and selecting events on a calendar.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component inputs such as eventSource, format strings, templates, and configuration options. It also reads current date, range, and view state variables. Event handlers and lifecycle hooks read from internal state and Angular bindings.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include event handlers emitting data via EventEmitters, DOM manipulations via query selectors, and potential network connections if any event handlers or external services are involved (not evident in the code). No explicit data leaks or network connections are visible.",
  "flows": "Data flows from inputs (eventSource, configuration) into internal state and view rendering. User interactions such as selecting dates or events update internal state via service methods and trigger event emissions. The service manages date calculations and propagates updates to components. No suspicious external data flows or external network connections are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code execution, are observed. The code appears to be standard Angular component code with template rendering, event handling, and lifecycle management. No obfuscated or minified code indicates malicious intent. The dependency on external libraries (rxjs, angular core) is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive Angular calendar module with multiple view components and a service to coordinate state. It reads configuration, input data, and user interactions, and updates the view accordingly. No code segments send data over the network, access environment variables insecurely, or perform malicious actions. The logic for event placement, date calculations, and component interactions are typical for calendar implementations. There are no indications of malicious code injection, backdoors, or hidden network activity.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard Angular calendar library implementation with no malicious behavior detected. It is designed for UI presentation and interaction within a client application, with no evidence of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}