{
  "purpose": "The code implements a comprehensive high-precision decimal arithmetic library (similar to decimal.js) combined with tree data structure utilities and a calculator class for chained operations. It provides mathematical functions, configuration controls, and utility functions for data manipulation, with optional cryptographically secure randomness.",
  "sources": "Function arguments, configuration objects, internal constants, string parsing functions, and optional crypto APIs for secure randomness.",
  "sinks": "Mathematical operations, string conversions, data structure manipulations, and configuration settings. No network, file I/O, or system commands are present.",
  "flows": "Inputs flow into mathematical functions, parsing routines, configuration updates, and tree utility methods. Data is processed internally without external communication or data exfiltration.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, obfuscation, or suspicious patterns detected. Crypto API usage is standard and conditional. The functions serve legitimate purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured, extensive implementation of a high-precision decimal library with auxiliary data structure utilities. It includes optional cryptographic randomness, standard mathematical functions, and data parsing/formatting routines. No malicious logic, obfuscation, or sabotage mechanisms are evident. The crypto features are used appropriately, with checks for API availability. The data flows are consistent with a legitimate utility library. No signs of network activity, data leaks, or malicious code are present. The functions and constants are standard, and the code is transparent and non-obfuscated.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, comprehensive high-precision decimal arithmetic library with data utilities, free of malicious activity or sabotage. It is well-implemented, transparent, and suitable for security-sensitive applications. The absence of network activity, backdoors, obfuscation, and malicious logic confirms its safety. The low security risk scores assigned in the reports are justified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}