{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a set of utility functions for processing and extending schema definitions, particularly for type handling and transformation in a serialization or data validation context.",
  "sources": "The code reads module imports ('./utils.js'), function arguments (schema, types, fields), and object properties during iteration (e.g., obj, obj.entries(), obj.for..in).",
  "sinks": "There are no clear sinks in this code that process untrusted external input or data flows into system-sensitive functions or network calls. The functions manipulate data structures internally and generate transformed schema objects.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (schemas and types), through functions that clone and extend types and schemas, and returns modified schema objects. No external or untrusted data is explicitly propagated to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The comment about the 'mess' of the getType function indicates awareness of complexity or potential issues but no malicious code is present. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are observed. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or network interactions are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for mapping objects, cloning types, extending schema fields, and converting schema structures into extended formats. It processes schema definitions to produce enhanced versions, such as extended enums and structs. No external data sources, network calls, or sensitive operations are present. The logic seems focused on data transformation with no suspicious patterns. The only notable comment suggests possible complexity or maintainability issues but does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of schema transformation utilities that do not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. It processes data structures internally and lacks any suspicious operations, external data flows, or malware indicators. Overall, it appears safe and intended for schema manipulation within a controlled environment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}