{
  "purpose": "The code modifies console methods to intercept log messages, format them, and invoke a callback with structured data, likely for logging or error reporting.",
  "sources": "Reads arguments passed to console methods (console[level]), specifically within the replaced function where arguments are captured via [].slice.call(arguments).",
  "sinks": "Callback invocation with message and data object, and the original console method execution; potential data leakage depends on callback implementation but not directly in this code.",
  "flows": "Arguments from console method calls are captured, formatted into a message, and passed along with a data object to the callback. The original console method is then called with the same arguments.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior; the code appears to be a standard console method wrapper for logging purposes. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious actions are present. The code respects the original console behavior while augmenting it.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a function 'wrapMethod' that replaces specified console methods (e.g., warn, assert) with a wrapper function. This wrapper captures log arguments, formats a message, constructs a data object with level and extra info, and invokes a callback if provided. For 'assert', it checks if the first argument is false and modifies the message accordingly. It then calls the original console method, ensuring console behavior remains intact across browsers, including IE9. There is no evidence of data exfiltration, malicious commands, or obfuscated code. The primary purpose is structured logging or error reporting, not malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign console wrapper designed for enhanced logging or reporting purposes. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. It is a standard approach to intercept console logs for monitoring or analytics.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}