{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript class for the Geometric probability distribution, providing methods for calculating various statistical measures and functions related to the distribution.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters (e.g., x, p, t) and class property 'p' (success probability). It also requires external modules for statistical computations and property definitions.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write data to external systems, network, or files. It mainly returns computed statistical values. No data leaks or external effects are evident.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are passed to internal functions like cdf, logcdf, logpmf, mgf, pmf, quantile, which use the class property 'p' and the input data. The methods return statistical calculations based on these flows.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. All functions and property definitions serve standard statistical purposes. The require statements and function definitions are consistent with typical module code.",
  "analysis": "The code properly implements a distribution class with methods for various statistical functions, utilizing external libraries for core calculations. The constructor validates 'p' as a probability, and property accessors are correctly defined. No evidence of malicious code, obfuscated code, or suspicious network activity is present. All external modules are standard and relevant to the distribution computations. The code structure and flow are straightforward, and the comments clearly indicate their purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a Geometric distribution class for statistical analysis. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It relies on standard libraries and handles inputs and outputs in a typical manner.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}