{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript class for the geometric distribution, providing various statistical methods and properties related to this distribution, such as mean, variance, cdf, pmf, etc.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from method parameters (e.g., x, p) and internal properties (e.g., this.p). It also requires several modules for calculations and property definitions.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any evident sinks that could lead to data leaks or execution of untrusted code; all method implementations are standard statistical calculations or property definitions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from method parameters (inputs) to internal functions (e.g., cdf, logcdf) that compute results based on the distribution parameter p. No external data is transmitted over network or stored in external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or network connections. Usage of external modules appears to be for standard statistical and utility functions. The code is well-structured, with no anomalies in control flow or data handling.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a statistical distribution class, utilizing well-known pattern for defining properties and methods. It includes constructor validation for the success probability, and defines getters for various statistical measures. All external dependencies are common utility or statistical modules, and there are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior. The logic is typical for such a library and contains no network activity or sensitive data handling. No obfuscated or minified code present; the code is clean and readable.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a standard, legitimate implementation of a geometric distribution class in JavaScript. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It relies on standard modules for calculations and correctly implements properties and methods. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}