{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript class for the geometric distribution, including methods to compute various statistical properties and functions related to the distribution.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from function parameters such as 'x', 'p', and 't'. It also reads the distribution parameter 'p' from the class instance, which can be set via constructor or assignment.",
  "sinks": "Function calls such as 'cdf', 'logcdf', 'logpmf', 'mgf', 'pmf', 'quantile' are used to compute distribution functions, and these rely on imported modules. No direct output or network operations are present. No untrusted data output or system commands are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters ('x', 'p', 't', 'p' in the class) through distribution functions imported from external modules, then results are returned by methods. There are no evident dangerous data flows leading to system effects.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains standard distribution calculations, with no signs of hard-coded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. Use of well-known libraries and standard patterns suggest no anomalies. No obfuscated or misleading code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard class for the geometric distribution with properties and methods for various statistical functions, using well-established external libraries. It performs input validation for probability values, using 'isProbability', and throws errors for invalid assignments. All external modules are related to statistical distribution calculations, with no network or system commands. The code adheres to common patterns, and no suspicious or malicious behaviors are detected. The structure is clean, and all functions serve statistical purposes only.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of a statistical distribution class with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It relies on external, reputable libraries for distribution calculations and handles input validation appropriately. No malicious intent or security risks are evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}