{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be an SDK for interacting with a blockchain bridge service, providing functions to get quotes, token data, supported chains, and pools via GraphQL API calls to an external service.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include user-provided parameters such as wallet addresses, chain IDs, token addresses, amounts, and slippage; also, external API responses from 'https://apiv2.eddy.finance/graphql'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include POST requests to external API endpoints, encoding functions, and any handling of wallet addresses or token data that could be misused if manipulated, but there are no apparent sensitive data leaks or dangerous actions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs (wallet addresses, token IDs, chain IDs, amounts) into GraphQL query string construction, then via POST requests to external API, with responses processed and returned to calling functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are evident aside from a single string '452E811fD1A15f7C1603DEAfdC3ac198bD116591', which appears to be a static address or identifier. The code constructs dynamic GraphQL queries, but this is standard API interaction. No obfuscated or suspicious language features are present. No backdoors or hidden functions detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a JavaScript SDK that wraps GraphQL API calls for blockchain bridge operations. It constructs query strings dynamically based on input parameters, sends POST requests to a known API endpoint, and processes the responses. The code uses standard cryptographic functions for encoding data and handles blockchain data such as token info and chain support. No suspicious or malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or network connections to unknown domains is evident. The static string '452E811fD1A15f7C1603DEAfdC3ac198bD116591' could be an identifier, but not necessarily malicious. The code's structure and logic align with legitimate SDK functions.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code functions as a legitimate blockchain SDK for bridge operations, with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It interacts with external APIs to fetch blockchain-related data and handles user inputs responsibly. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are detected based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}