{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a JavaScript SDK for interacting with a bridge and token data services, including functions for fetching quotes, token data, and supported chains from external APIs.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function parameters (e.g., e.walletAddress, e.amount, e.sourceChainId, e.destinationChainId, etc.) and environment variables indirectly via network requests.",
  "sinks": "Sends data via HTTP POST requests to external API endpoints (https://apiv2.eddy.finance/graphql). The code also encodes data for blockchain transactions, which could be considered sensitive if misused.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (wallet addresses, token IDs, chain IDs) flow into GraphQL query string construction, then data is fetched via POST requests to external APIs, and responses are processed to obtain token info, quote data, or chain info.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials. The code constructs dynamic GraphQL queries with input data, which could potentially be manipulated if inputs are untrusted. No suspicious network activity beyond standard API calls. The code is not minified or obfuscated, uses standard language features, and appears structured for a legitimate SDK purpose.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a module that interacts with external APIs for blockchain token and chain data, and for obtaining bridge quotes. It constructs GraphQL query strings dynamically based on function parameters, and sends POST requests to 'https://apiv2.eddy.finance/graphql'. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. The functions process responses to extract relevant data. The structure is modular, with promise-based async handling, and no signs of obfuscation, malware, or malicious intent. There are no hidden network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The only potential concern could be misuse if input parameters are untrusted, leading to injection of malicious GraphQL queries, but this is typical for such SDKs and not inherently malicious. Overall, the code appears to serve its purpose as a client SDK for DeFi operations without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code functions as a JavaScript SDK for interacting with blockchain bridge and token APIs. It does not contain obfuscation or malware signatures. No malicious behavior or sabotage detected. The security risk is minimal; it is a typical API client implementation with dynamic query construction based on user input. No indicators of supply chain attack or sabotage are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}