{
  "purpose": "Obfuscation of SyntaxHighlighter library code, likely for protection or to conceal its implementation details.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from various string sources, global variables, and regular expressions; it also reads input from function arguments and document elements.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation via innerHTML, createElement, appendChild, and event handlers; use of eval suggests dynamic code execution, which can be dangerous if combined with untrusted input.",
  "flows": "The obfuscated eval-wrapped function receives data, likely source code or source strings, which are manipulated through regex replacements and dynamic evaluation; data flows from string sources and regex matches into eval execution, potentially executing concealed malicious code.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily obfuscated, using an eval with a complex, string-encoded function. There is a large amount of dynamically generated regex and string manipulation, with no clear documentation or purpose, which is suspicious. The code appears designed to conceal its true intent and structure.",
  "analysis": "The code is a heavily obfuscated script that wraps its core logic inside an eval that decodes and executes a large string of code. Such obfuscation is often used to hide malicious behavior. It contains multiple regex patterns and functions that manipulate DOM elements, handle regex parsing, and process strings. No clear benign purpose is evident from the obfuscated source. The pattern of using eval with complex string manipulations suggests an attempt to conceal malicious behavior or avoid static code analysis. The presence of code that interacts with document structure and dynamically executes code indicates potential for malicious activity if combined with untrusted data.",
  "conclusion": "The code is deliberately obfuscated, which raises suspicion. It appears to be a version of the SyntaxHighlighter library, but its heavily concealed form makes it difficult to verify its integrity. The use of eval and complex regex transformations may be intended to hide malicious behavior or backdoors. Due to the obfuscation and potential for concealed malicious actions, this package should be treated as high risk until further deobfuscation and analysis confirm its safety.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 1,
  "malware": 0.7,
  "securityRisk": 0.8,
  "report_number": 1
}