{
  "purpose": "This code manages route navigation, authentication, and authorization logic within a Vue.js application, including token handling and route guarding.",
  "sources": "Reads token and roles from store getters; reads query parameters from 'to' route object; calls store.dispatch for user info and permissions; imports modules for routing and app configuration.",
  "sinks": "Modifies router routes dynamically with 'router.addRoutes'; commits mutations to store; calls 'store.dispatch' for user logout and info fetching; potentially alters route navigation based on token/role status.",
  "flows": "Token or role presence (source) triggers permission checks and route modifications (sink). Query tokens from URL are stored and removed; user info and permission routes are fetched and applied; logout is triggered if authentication fails or is invalid.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns observed. Use of imported modules seems standard. No obfuscated code or suspicious network activity evident. No suspicious data leaks or code injections identified.",
  "analysis": "The code follows typical route guard patterns with token validation, permission checks, and route management. It performs asynchronous fetches for user info and permissions, and dynamically updates routes accordingly. No malicious or suspicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, malicious network calls, or hidden backdoors are detected. The code handles route access securely based on authentication state. All imports and functions appear standard for Vue.js route management and user authentication logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to implement standard route guarding and user authentication flow without malicious intent or security risks. No anomalies, malware, or malicious behaviors are identified. It functions as intended for route-based access control.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}