{
  "purpose": "A Webpack loader for processing Lottie JSON files, resolving image assets, and applying scale transformations.",
  "sources": "this.resourceQuery, this.query, json parameter, asset.u, asset.p, this.context, options.assets.scale",
  "sinks": "require() calls with dynamically constructed paths, JSON.parse, filesystem path resolutions",
  "flows": "Reading JSON input -> parsing options -> resolving image paths -> constructing loader strings -> generating output code",
  "anomalies": "Dynamic require paths constructed with JSON strings and file paths; use of JSON.parse on external input; no direct evaluation or code injection evident; reliance on external modules and resolved paths",
  "analysis": "The code reads input data from JSON (json parameter) and external query parameters. It resolves asset image paths using path.join and relative paths, and constructs require statements with dynamically generated paths including query parameters for scaling. These require paths are built as strings and injected into the output JavaScript code, which is later executed. No suspicious or malicious code such as network requests, system commands, or hidden backdoors are present. The code properly manages dependencies and path resolutions. The dynamic require statements with JSON-encoded strings are typical in Webpack loaders and do not inherently indicate malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials, data leaks, or malicious behaviors are detected. Overall, the code appears to serve a legitimate purpose in asset processing without malicious or sabotage behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a Webpack loader for processing Lottie assets, resolving image paths, and applying scaling transformations. It dynamically constructs require statements for assets, which is standard for build tooling. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage, and the code does not exhibit obfuscation. The design and implementation are consistent with typical loader patterns, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}