{
  "purpose": "A custom Webpack loader for processing Lottie JSON files, resolving assets, and applying scaling options.",
  "sources": "this.resourceQuery / this.query (loader options), json (input JSON data), asset.u and asset.p (asset paths), path.join and path.relative (path resolution), and user-provided options.",
  "sinks": "require() calls for assets, dynamic string construction for loader strings, and module.exports assignment.",
  "flows": "Input JSON data is parsed, assets are resolved and potentially modified with scale loaders, paths are transformed to POSIX format, and final data is exported. Asset paths may include dynamic require calls with scale parameters.",
  "anomalies": "Construction of loader string with a JSON-encoded scale parameter injected into a require statement could lead to complex string manipulation, but no direct code execution or malicious injection is evident. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No obfuscation or suspicious dynamic code execution identified.",
  "analysis": "The loader parses JSON input, resolves asset paths, and injects scale parameters into loader strings. It reassigns asset paths to these loader strings, which are later required in bundled code. The code primarily manipulates strings and paths, with no evident code injection, network activity, or malicious side effects. The use of JSON.stringify for constructing require calls and data output is standard. No suspicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system commands is present. The code’s purpose is to process assets for Webpack, not to perform any malicious operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate custom Webpack loader for handling Lottie assets with scaling options. There are no signs of malicious intent or malicious behavior. The string manipulations and path resolutions are consistent with normal loader operations. Overall, it is safe with no security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}