{
  "purpose": "This code manages the downloading and installation of prebuilt binaries for the iohook package based on platform, architecture, and runtime version.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from environment variables (npm_config_targets, npm_config_platforms, npm_config_arches), package.json (supportedTargets, version), and the filesystem (reading package.json, fs.createReadStream).",
  "sinks": "The code constructs URLs for downloading prebuild binaries, which are fetched over HTTPS, and writes files to the filesystem in a temporary directory. It also logs information to the console.",
  "flows": "Sources such as environment variables and package info influence URL construction and target selection; data flows from these sources into network requests (nugget download) and filesystem writes during extraction.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments detected. The URL construction appears legitimate, targeting GitHub releases. Proxy configuration is handled via npmrc, which is standard. No obfuscated or malicious behavior observed.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard Node.js modules and third-party libraries for downloading and extracting prebuilt binaries. It dynamically constructs download URLs based on package version and platform info, and respects npm proxy and SSL configurations. It performs conditional installation for multiple targets, platforms, and architectures. All actions appear consistent with standard package management and installation processes. No anomalies like code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior are present. The code reads configuration data, downloads files over HTTPS, and writes to the filesystem—all typical for such scripts.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate part of an install process for prebuilt binaries, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It handles configuration carefully and uses standard libraries for network and file operations. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}