{
  "purpose": "The code provides mathematical functions for precise addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division of floating-point numbers to avoid common JavaScript floating-point errors.",
  "sources": "The functions read input values 'a' and 'b' provided to each arithmetic operation, typically as arguments in calls to add, sub, mul, or div.",
  "sinks": "The functions perform calculations entirely within the code; there are no external data sinks such as network or file I/O. No untrusted data flows outside the provided functions.",
  "flows": "Input values are read from function arguments (sources) and processed internally; the results are returned as numbers. No data is sent to external systems or stored persistently.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses try-catch blocks to handle potential errors when accessing decimal parts, which is standard. There are no signs of obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or unusual dynamic code execution. No suspicious or malicious constructs detected.",
  "analysis": "The code aims to handle floating-point arithmetic precisely by converting inputs to strings, manipulating decimal parts, and performing calculations to avoid precision loss. It employs straightforward mathematical techniques without external dependencies. No suspicious behavior such as network calls, data exfiltration, or backdoors is present. The use of try-catch blocks is appropriate for handling unexpected input formats, and the logic is consistent with standard precise arithmetic implementations. The module is self-contained, with no external or hidden actions.\n\nOverall, the code functions as a utility for accurate floating-point calculations and does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of precise floating-point arithmetic functions with no signs of malicious intent or security vulnerabilities. It is safe and serves a specific purpose related to mathematical accuracy. No malicious behavior, obfuscation, or supply chain threats are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}