{
  "purpose": "The code implements a client-side subscription manager for real-time updates from a server using WebSocket-like connections, specifically through SockJS. It manages subscription lifecycle, message handling, and reconnections.",
  "sources": "Reads include the server URL during initialization, subscription requests with resource names and versions, and incoming WebSocket messages from the server.",
  "sinks": "Sends messages to the server via WebSocket (subscribe/unsubscribe) and processes incoming messages, updating subscriptions based on server data.",
  "flows": "Sources (server URL, subscription requests) lead to WebSocket connection establishment, which flows into message exchanges (subscribe, unsubscribe, update). Incoming messages from the server update internal subscription states.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials. The WebSocket connection is established based on a provided URL, no suspicious dynamic code or obfuscation present. The code cleanly manages reconnections and message queueing, which is typical for real-time apps. No hidden or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a subscription system that manages real-time updates over SockJS. It handles connection states, message queuing during disconnects, and re-establishing connections with automatic retries. All data flows and message handling are straightforward, without any obfuscated or suspicious code. The usage of WebSocket via SockJS is standard and does not involve dynamic code execution or data exfiltration. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The only potential concern is reconnection logic, but it is implemented for resilience, not malicious purposes.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a subscription-based real-time update client with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It is secure, well-structured, and does not contain malware. The security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}