{
  "purpose": "This code provides layout calculations for arranging items into rows based on aspect ratios, spacing, and configuration parameters, primarily for visual presentation purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data such as item sizes (widths and heights or aspect ratios), configuration parameters, and layout state variables. It does not read external data sources or user inputs directly.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates internal data structures to compute layout geometry; it does not send data externally, access network resources, or perform file operations.",
  "flows": "Input aspect ratios or sizes are processed to generate layout rows, which are then added to the layout data. The flow is internal, from input data through layout calculations to final layout data structures.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, obfuscation, or malicious behaviors are present. The code uses standard functions and straightforward logic for layout management.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard layout engine that converts item sizes into aspect ratios, creates rows based on configuration, and manages orphan items and spacing. It performs in-memory calculations without external interactions. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or malicious patterns are detected. The functions are well-structured, with clear separation of concerns, and handle errors appropriately (e.g., invalid aspect ratios). The overall logic is consistent with typical layout utilities used in image galleries or grid displays.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured layout calculation module with no malicious intent or security risks. It performs standard operations for arranging visual items based on aspect ratios and configuration parameters. All reports correctly identify the absence of malicious activity, obfuscation, and external threats. The malware score remains at 0, and the security risk score should be conservatively low (~0.1), reflecting minimal inherent risk in layout processing.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}