{
  "purpose": "The code appears to import a module and perform several mathematical operations (addition, subtraction, multiplication) with different inputs, primarily for computational purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the require statement (importing the module) and the console.log statements which output the results.",
  "sinks": "The console.log outputs are sinks for the computed results, but do not directly lead to data leaks. The module functions (e.g., m.suma, m.resta, m.multiplicacion) are external and their internal implementation is unknown, which could be a potential sink if malicious.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., 1, 2, true, 'qweqw') flows into module functions (suma, resta, multiplicacion). The outputs are printed via console.log. No external data or network connections are evident in this fragment.",
  "anomalies": "Multiple calls to m.suma with different data types, including boolean and string, suggest the module functions may handle data types dynamically, but no obvious anomalies or malicious indicators are present in this snippet. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code are visible.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a local module and performs several arithmetic operations, including a case with boolean and string inputs, which might indicate testing of input validation or potential malicious input handling. The repeated console.log statements are standard for debugging or output purposes. Without internal module code, no malicious behavior can be confirmed. There are no signs of data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors within this snippet. The pattern is consistent with a typical mathematical utility module usage, with no suspicious or malicious signals.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs standard import and output of mathematical operations with varied inputs. There are no clear indicators of malicious intent or security risks. The only point of concern is the handling of non-numeric inputs, which depends on the module implementation. Overall, it appears benign based on this snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}