{
  "purpose": "The code provides a confetti animation effect using JavaScript, intended for visual decoration on web pages. It initializes styles, creates particles, and manages animations within a specified container element.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from options provided to the 'confetti' function and from properties of DOM elements such as the container. Random functions are used to generate particle attributes.",
  "sinks": "The code sets CSS variables and manipulates DOM styles and classes, which could potentially be exploited if external input influences these parameters maliciously. No network or file system operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input options influence particle properties, which are applied via CSS variables and DOM manipulation. Particle creation and style setting are the primary source-to-sink paths.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses several random functions and dynamic CSS variable settings to produce animations. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are observed. No external network calls, file modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The CSS styles are inline and appear to be for visual effects only. No obfuscated code is detected. The only external influence is through options passed into the 'confetti' function, which is expected behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a visual confetti animation library, creating DOM elements with styles and animations driven by CSS variables. It uses randomness to generate particle properties, which is typical for such visual effects. No indications of malicious activity, backdoors, or data exfiltration are evident. The code does not interact with external systems, nor does it perform any covert operations. The styling and DOM manipulation are straightforward and intended solely for visual presentation.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign, purpose-specific visual animation library for confetti effects. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It functions as intended for aesthetic purposes without any hidden or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}