{
  "purpose": "The code implements a confetti animation library for web pages, providing visual effects via DOM manipulation and CSS styles. It is designed for celebratory visual effects in web applications.",
  "sources": "Data is read from function parameters (e.g., options for configuration), element properties, and random number generation functions. No external untrusted sources are explicitly fetched or read.",
  "sinks": "CSS style properties and DOM element creation/ manipulation, including setting CSS variables and innerHTML. No data is sent over the network or written to files.",
  "flows": "Configuration options flow into style and element creation functions; random values influence style properties; DOM nodes are created and styled for visual effects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution detected. All code appears consistent with confetti animation purposes. No suspicious network activity, credential handling, or privacy violations identified.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a confetti animation by creating DOM elements styled with CSS animations, using randomization for variation, and cleaning up after completion. The style definitions, particle creation, and animation parameters are all aimed at visual effects, with no signs of malicious intent. The module includes a React component wrapper for easy use. No external data fetching, data leaks, or network connections are detected. The code is well-structured, with functions for creating particles, styling, and managing lifecycle, consistent with a legitimate confetti effect library.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard confetti animation library intended for visual enhancement of web pages. There are no indications of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks. It appears to be safe and solely for visual effects.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}