{
  "purpose": "The code implements a confetti animation effect on a webpage, allowing customization of particle properties, styles, and behavior via options. It is designed to create visual confetti effects for user engagement or decorative purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from options parameter (e.g., colors, duration, force, particleCount, etc.), and DOM elements (container element for confetti). It also accesses window object for runtime environment checks.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe DOM modifications when appending style elements, creating and appending particle nodes, setting CSS variables, and updating container innerHTML. No direct sinks for untrusted data are evident outside DOM manipulation.",
  "flows": "Input options influence style and particle creation. Particles are generated and styled, then appended to the container, with properties dynamically set via CSS variables. The update method re-creates particles or modifies existing ones based on new options.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external connections are detected. The code appears to solely animate particles visually. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution identified. The style injection includes a static style string, but it is benign as it only contains keyframes for animations.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a visual confetti effect using DOM elements and CSS animations. It allows dynamic updates and cleanup of particles. The only external interaction involves style injection and DOM manipulation, which are typical for visual effects. No malicious behaviors such as network activity, data exfiltration, or reverse shells are present. The style content is static and related to animations. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code are present. The logic is straightforward and focused on visual presentation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign confetti animation library that dynamically generates particles for visual effects. There is no evidence of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. The only potential concern is the injection of styles and DOM modifications, which are standard for such effects but should be used with trusted sources. Overall, the code is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}