{
  "purpose": "The code provides a JavaScript module to create and manage code examples with associated HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and scenario scripts, including rendering HTML for display and interaction.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from 'scenarios' parameter during initialization, and from method parameters such as 'name' and 'content' in 'addSource'. No external untrusted sources are explicitly read within this code.",
  "sinks": "Generated HTML strings, including embedded scripts and styles, are outputted via methods like 'toHtml' and 'toHtmlEmbed'. No direct data leaks or network transmission are observed.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from method parameters to internal arrays and then to generated HTML content. The code constructs HTML snippets that include embedded scripts/styles based on source content.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses a simple mechanism for ensuring unique IDs for sources but does not sanitize content before embedding it into HTML, which could theoretically allow injection if 'content' is malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls are present. The code does not perform any network operations or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The module primarily manages code snippets and generates HTML for display and interaction purposes. It does not perform external data fetching, network communication, or system modifications. Its operations are confined to data management and HTML rendering. There are no signs of obfuscated code, malicious backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. The content embedding does not include any dangerous code execution or external resource loading beyond standard script/style tags. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets or external malicious interactions are present. The only potential concern is lack of sanitization, but this does not constitute malicious behavior—just a possible security consideration if untrusted content is added.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility for managing and rendering code examples with no evidence of malicious intent or malware. It does not perform any network activity, system access, or malicious data collection. Overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}