{
  "purpose": "The code defines a string formatting utility similar to C's sprintf, supporting interpolation of variables into strings, including nested property access and index access.",
  "sources": "Input source is the string parameter 's' and optional object or arguments provided to format the string. The data source is the arguments passed to formatText, which may include data objects for interpolation.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the call to sprintf-js's sprintf function, which processes the formatted string and arguments. No other external sinks or data leaks are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the input string and optional objects into the replace operation (for '${...}' interpolation), then into sprintf for final string formatting.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious behaviors are observed. The code relies on well-known libraries and performs standard string processing. No dynamic code execution or external network communication is present.",
  "analysis": "The code carefully replaces '${...}' templates with corresponding values from a provided object, supporting nested property and index access. It uses regexes to parse template expressions and perform deep property access. The use of external libraries like sprintf-js is standard for string formatting. The process appears secure and benign, with proper handling of edge cases such as missing properties (returning null) and syntax errors if parsing fails. No indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware are present. The code is well-structured, with no suspicious logic or data exfiltration mechanisms.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a string interpolation utility with safe handling of input data. It does not contain any malware or malicious behavior. The overall security risk is low, and there are no significant threats associated with this code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}