{
  "purpose": "The code implements a string formatting function similar to C's sprintf, supporting interpolation of variables within strings, including nested object property access.",
  "sources": "Reads input from function arguments, particularly the string template and an optional object with key-value pairs for replacements.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the sprintf function call, which formats the string with the provided arguments. No direct data leaks or external calls are observed.",
  "flows": "Input string and optional object are processed; placeholders within the string are replaced based on the object properties; the final formatted string is generated via sprintf.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs complex nested property access for interpolation, but this is a standard pattern for templating. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. Usage of external libraries is typical. No obfuscated code detected; the code is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code begins by importing helper functions and defining regex patterns for parsing template placeholders. The main function, formatText, supports replacing '${...}' placeholders with corresponding object property values, including nested properties via dot and index access. The function ensures that all placeholders are properly parsed, and errors are thrown if parsing fails. The final string is generated using sprintf-js, which handles additional formatting tokens. No external calls, network activity, or system modifications are present. The use of external libraries appears normal. There are no signs of malicious code, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors. The complexity is solely related to string interpolation and formatting.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard string formatting utility with support for nested property interpolation. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious data leaks, and no external malicious interactions. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscation or malware indications. It poses no security risk in its current form.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}