{
  "purpose": "The code provides a string formatting utility similar to sprintf, supporting embedded variable interpolation with '${...}' syntax and additional string formatting via sprintf-js.",
  "sources": "The code reads string input 's' (possibly from user or application sources) and an optional object argument containing key-value pairs for interpolation.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the sprintf-js library call which formats the final string. No external or untrusted data is directly written or sent over network, nor are there file operations or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Input string 's' and optional object argument flow into the interpolation process, where '${...}' placeholders are replaced with corresponding object property values, then passed to sprintf-js for further formatting.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies detected; code uses standard regex for string interpolation, no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious constructs. The code relies on well-known libraries and performs safe string manipulations.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with module imports, setting up regex patterns for string interpolation. It defines 'formatText' that handles both simple string inputs and objects for embedded variable replacement. The interpolation algorithm traverses nested properties via regex matches, replacing placeholders with object values. The final formatted string is generated using sprintf-js. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or harmful behavior. The use of regex and string replacement is standard. Overall, the code is a safe utility for string formatting with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward, safe string formatting utility supporting embedded variable interpolation. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or malware characteristics. The primary function is to generate formatted strings, and it operates securely within that scope.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}