{
  "purpose": "This code provides plugins and utility functions for integrating Vite, Vercel, and Vike with a focus on server-side rendering, static asset management, and route handling for deployment on Vercel platform.",
  "sources": "Imports from 'node:fs/promises', 'node:path', 'node:url', 'vike/api', 'vite', '@brillout/libassert', 'nanoid', and internal modules; filesystem reads for templates and configuration files; function parameters accepting user configurations and external endpoints.",
  "sinks": "File system operations such as copying directories, reading templates, writing files; dynamic route generation; configuration objects that influence server and build behavior; potential for executing dynamically provided functions (e.g., endpoints, ISR functions).",
  "flows": "Configuration and plugin functions receive user and runtime data, manipulate filesystem and network resources; dynamic loading of template files; user-provided endpoint functions are invoked; file contents are read and written; route and endpoint data flow from inputs to filesystem outputs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. Functions such as 'getSsrEndpoint' and 'getSsrEdgeEndpoint' read template files, which is standard. Use of 'nanoid' for generating route IDs is benign. No suspicious network calls or data exfiltration detected. Dynamic function invocation is controlled, but care must be taken that user-provided functions (e.g., in 'additionalEndpoints') are safe.",
  "analysis": "The code consists primarily of plugin definitions for Vite and Vercel, managing static assets, routes, and server endpoints. Files are read from the filesystem, and data is written to disk, all within expected development tooling patterns. No code appears to execute untrusted input or perform malicious actions. The 'nanoid' library is used solely for generating unique IDs, which is safe. The functions that invoke user-provided functions ('additionalEndpoints', ISR functions) are wrapped with 'await' and handle returned data cautiously. The code does not contain obfuscated patterns or suspicious network activity. It primarily facilitates deployment workflows and static asset management, with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be legitimate build and deployment tooling for a Vite/Vercel environment with no evident malicious intent or malware. It handles filesystem operations, route management, and endpoint generation safely within the expected scope. There are no signs of malware, hidden backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}