{
  "purpose": "This code automates the build process for a front-end project, compiling styles, copying assets, processing HTML templates, and optionally serving and watching for changes during development.",
  "sources": "User input from command-line arguments (via yargs), filesystem reads (fs.readFileSync), and source files matching specified glob patterns.",
  "sinks": "Execution of shell commands via child_process.exec, reading files, writing files to the distribution directory, and initiating a development server with browserSync.",
  "flows": "User inputs (commands and options) influence tasks which read source files and process them; processed files are written to the dist directory; server and watch tasks listen for filesystem changes and re-trigger builds.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to follow standard build procedures with no suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Usage of child_process.exec is limited to command execution, which is a common pattern for build scripts, but it can be dangerous if commands are constructed unsafely. However, in this script, exec is called only with the passed parameter, which is a function parameter, not user input. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious network activities are present. No secrets or sensitive data are hardcoded. The HTML template replacement via fs.readFileSync appears to be safe, assuming controlled HTML files.",
  "analysis": "The script manages build tasks for styles, assets, HTML, and server setup. It uses established modules (gulp, child_process, browserSync) for standard build operations. The only notable activity related to external commands is the exec() function, but it is not invoked within the code. The process involves reading files, processing them with known safe plugins, and serving via a local server. No code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious network activity is observed. No obfuscated code or malware-like behavior detected. The use of 'child_process.exec' is standard for build scripts, with no evident misuse.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical build and development setup script for a web project, containing no malicious or suspicious behavior. It performs routine build tasks without malicious intent. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or data leaks. Overall, the script is safe within the context of standard development tooling.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}