{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JavaScript utility for pinch-to-zoom and drag interactions on elements, primarily images, with optional animation and gesture detection. It is intended to enhance user interaction with media elements in a web application.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from DOM elements (images, container sizes), touch events, and window resize events.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates CSS transform properties for zoom and drag effects; dispatches custom events related to zoom and drag interactions.",
  "flows": "User interactions (touch or resize events) serve as sources; these flow through gesture detection to handler functions that update CSS transforms, triggering visual changes; events may invoke callback functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks. It uses standard gesture detection and event dispatching mechanisms. No network connections, data exfiltration, or malicious system modifications are present. It does include polyfills for Object.assign and Array.from, which are standard and benign. No obfuscated or malicious code structures are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a pinch-zoom and drag utility with gesture detection, event handling, and smooth animations. It uses standard web APIs and well-known patterns for touch gesture handling, CSS transform updates, and event dispatching. No code segments suggest malicious intent, data exfiltration, or system sabotage. The code relies solely on DOM manipulation and event dispatch, with no external network activity or access to sensitive data. The polyfills and utility functions are typical and do not pose security concerns. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, well-structured interaction library without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a benign, standard implementation of a pinch-zoom and drag utility with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs expected gesture detection, CSS transform updates, and event dispatching. No malicious intent or security risks are evident based on the code provided.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}