{
  "purpose": "Set up environment variables, check and create necessary directories, and execute an external script to download or compile the grib2json tool.",
  "sources": "Process environment variables (process.env.TMP_DIR), directory existence checks (test('-d', ...)), and the execution of the external script via exec()",
  "sinks": "Execution of external shell script (exec(`${__dirname}/../scripts/grib2json.sh`)) which could potentially run malicious code if the script is compromised",
  "flows": "Environment variables are set from static paths; directory checks lead to directory creation; if directories are missing, external script is executed to download/compile dependencies",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies; code is straightforward, with standard directory checks and environment setup. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious patterns. External script execution is typical but could be a vector if the script is malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code sets environment variables based on resolved paths, checks for the existence of specific directories, creates them if missing, and runs an external shell script to download or compile a dependency. It does not process user input, handle secrets, or contain obfuscated code. The external script's trustworthiness is outside this code's scope, but the code itself is benign. No malicious or suspicious behavior is detected. The use of exec() to run external scripts is standard in setup routines but warrants trust in the script. The code is clear, with no signs of malware or obfuscation. The risk primarily depends on the external script's integrity, but the code itself is low risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard environment setup script with no signs of malicious activity or obfuscation. The external script execution could be a vector if compromised, but there's no evidence of malicious intent within this code snippet. The assigned malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is low (~0.1-0.2), justified by the external script execution but consistent with the benign nature of the code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}