{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a template for generating structured commit messages, likely used in a version control or development workflow to enforce consistency and best practices.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from internal string arrays within the obfuscated functions, and exports a predefined template array. No user input or external data sources are explicitly accessed.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs a predefined array of strings, mainly for formatting commit messages; there are no direct data sinks that handle untrusted input or perform actions like network requests, file writes, or system commands.",
  "flows": "The flow involves selecting and assembling parts of strings from internal arrays to produce a commit message template, with no external data flow or manipulation beyond internal array referencing.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily obfuscated with functions that dynamically generate strings from arrays and calculations, which is unusual for a simple template definition. The obfuscation might be intended to hide functionality or deter analysis but does not necessarily indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a function to retrieve strings from an array, obfuscated through calculated indices, likely to hide the actual strings used. It constructs a commit message template array with structured prompts and rules related to commit message formatting, emphasizing rules for content, structure, and emojis. There are no indications of data exfiltration, network activity, or malicious commands. The obfuscation appears solely for concealment or intellectual property reasons, not malicious behavior. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code paths are evident. The code does not perform any harmful operations or interact with external systems.\n\nOverall, the code is a complexly obfuscated static template setup with no malicious or security-risk behavior observed.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a heavily obfuscated module that defines a commit message template with guidelines and rules. It does not exhibit malicious intent, malicious behavior, or security risks. The obfuscation seems to be for concealment rather than malicious purposes. The module is safe for use as part of a development workflow.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}