{
  "purpose": "The code extends the Array prototype with functions to perform matrix operations, including checking if an array is a vector or matrix, transposing, multiplying, summing, subtracting, powering, calculating determinant, rank, adjugate, inverse, and generating an identity matrix.",
  "sources": "Reads from 'matrix.js' module, Array.prototype methods, and function parameters (e.g., 'matrix', 'pow', 'i', 'j'). No untrusted input sources explicitly shown in this snippet.",
  "sinks": "Calls to 'matrixOps' functions such as 'transp', 'mulByNumber', 'mul', 'sum', 'sub', 'pow', 'det', 'rank', 'adjugate', 'inverse' which are imported, potentially executing underlying code. Uses 'throw new Error' for error handling.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from Array instances or function parameters into 'matrixOps' functions, with validation checks before calling. Errors are thrown if validation fails.",
  "anomalies": "The code extends the Array prototype globally, which can be risky as it may interfere with other code. No use of environment variables, external data sources, or network operations present. No obfuscated code or suspicious constructs detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides matrix operations by augmenting Array objects with methods. It relies on an external 'matrix.js' for core computations. It performs input validation for matrix properties (e.g., square, non-empty). Error handling is straightforward. No evidence of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The use of 'Array.prototype' extension is unusual but not malicious, just potentially risky. No hidden or malicious code patterns detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a utility library for matrix operations with no malicious intent. It does not contain malware or suspicious behaviors. The only concern is the extension of native prototypes, which could cause conflicts but is not inherently malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}