{
  "purpose": "The code provides an interactive measurement tool for a Leaflet map, allowing users to measure distances, areas, and coordinates through drawing interactions.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from map click events and mouse movement events; retrieves geographical coordinates from user interactions.",
  "sinks": "Creates visual markers, lines, polygons, and tooltips on the map; resolves promises with measurement results; potentially modifies DOM elements for tips.",
  "flows": "User clicks and moves mouse generate data which updates map overlays; on right-click, final measurements are computed and displayed; data flows from user input to visual output and measurement result resolution.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code or hardcoded secrets detected. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious network activity is present. The code is focused on measurement functionalities with standard Leaflet and Turf.js usage.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard measurement features (distance, area, coordinate) using user interactions on a Leaflet map. It manages event handlers for clicks, mouse moves, and context menu actions to enable drawing. Turf.js functions are used for geometric calculations such as distances and centroid/area. Visual indicators like markers, lines, and labels are added to the map. No code indicates data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity. The code appears to be a benign map measurement tool with well-structured logic. The only minor concern could be dynamic DOM manipulation for tips, but this is standard UI behavior. No obfuscation or malware-like activity detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward map measurement utility without malicious intent. It does not perform any suspicious or harmful actions. It solely provides user interaction features for measuring spatial data, utilizing publicly available libraries Turf.js and Leaflet. No security risks or malware behaviors are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}