{
  "purpose": "This script is a Grunt task plugin called 'sails-linker' designed to insert script tags into HTML files automatically between specified start and end tags.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from configuration options, file existence checks, and the contents of destination HTML files. The main source of external data is the list of file paths provided in 'this.files' and 'f.dest' for reading HTML content.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is writing the modified HTML content back to destination files via grunt.file.write, which overwrites existing files with updated content including injected script tags.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input file paths (via 'scripts' array), through formatting and filtering, into string insertion points within HTML files, and finally into the file write operation that updates the files with new script tags.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs standard file existence checks, string manipulations, and tag insertions. There are no signs of dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or backdoors. The only console.log statement is for 'padding length', which is benign and unrelated to malicious activity. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious network activity are present.",
  "analysis": "The script validates input files, filters non-existent files, constructs script tags based on provided options, and inserts these into HTML files between specified start and end comment tags. It manages indentation (padding) to maintain formatting. The code appears to be a straightforward file manipulation utility for build automation. There are no suspicious patterns, dynamic code evaluation, or external network communication. The logic is standard for build scripts and does not contain malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Grunt plugin for automating script tag insertion into HTML files. It operates solely on local files, performs no network activity, and has no malicious logic. There are no signs of malware, malicious sabotage, or security risks within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}