{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a library for spline and curve calculations, including functions for control point extraction, arc length computation, root finding, vector operations, and curve evaluation. It is likely intended for graphics or animation purposes involving geometric curves.",
  "sources": "Reads data from input parameters such as control points, parameters for curve evaluation, and configuration options. It primarily takes control points and parameters for curve computations as input.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that evaluate curves or derivatives, which could be misused if provided with untrusted inputs to generate malicious outputs. No explicit sinks like network calls, file writes, or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from control points and configuration inputs through functions like getControlPoints, calculateCoefficients, evaluateForT, and root-finding functions, ultimately producing evaluated points, derivatives, or roots. No data flow leads to external systems or sensitive data leaks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or obfuscated code are present. The code uses standard mathematical and geometric algorithms. There are some large, minified, utility-like functions, but they are typical for computational geometry. No hidden backdoors or malicious logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of mathematical and geometric functions for curve and spline computation, root finding, vector math, and curve evaluation. It is well-structured for curve interpolation, arc length calculations, and tangent/binormal computations. It contains no network, file, or system modification operations. The functions operate purely on numerical inputs and produce geometric outputs. There is no suspicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or hidden code. All functions appear to serve the purpose of curve analysis and rendering.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a standard mathematical library for curve and spline computations, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It does not perform any network operations, data leakage, or system modification. It appears to be a legitimate utility for geometric curve calculations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}