{
  "purpose": "The code provides JavaScript classes (OrbitControls and MapControls) for 3D camera manipulation in a WebGL context using the three.js library, enabling orbiting, zooming, panning, and touch interactions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from DOM events (pointer, mouse, touch, keyboard), DOM element styles, and camera object properties (position, zoom, projection matrix). It also reads element dimensions and cursor positions for zoom-to-cursor functionality.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows include event handlers that modify camera position, target, zoom, and spherical coordinates. These affect the rendering output, but do not directly leak data or write to system files or network.",
  "flows": "User interactions (mouse, touch, keyboard) are captured as input sources, which modify internal variables such as spherical angles, target position, zoom scale, and pan offsets. These are used in the update function to manipulate the camera's position and orientation accordingly. The zoom-to-cursor feature calculates cursor position in 3D space for adjustments.",
  "anomalies": "The code primarily performs expected controls logic with no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code. There are no suspicious network connections, file manipulations, or reverse shells. The only notable feature is 'enableZoomToCursor' which adjusts camera target based on cursor position; this is a feature, not malicious. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present. Event handling is standard.",
  "analysis": "Step-by-step, the code defines two classes extending EventDispatcher for camera controls. It handles user input via event listeners, updates spherical coordinates, manages camera position and orientation, and offers features like damping, auto-rotation, and zoom-to-cursor. The logic relies on standard three.js practices for camera control with no suspicious modifications. All input and output flows relate to camera manipulation, with no indications of malicious behavior or data exfiltration.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of orbit and map controls for three.js with no signs of malicious intent. It handles user interaction for camera movement and includes optional features like zoom-to-cursor, which are benign. There are no hidden backdoors, network communications, or malicious data handling. The code appears safe and purposeful.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}