{
  "purpose": "The code appears to perform a statistical simulation or estimation related to construction costs, using random sampling functions (L) for different cost categories, and then outputs an estimate range based on quantiles.",
  "sources": "Data sources include imported module '../sim.js' and object values for cost categories (excavation, foundation, etc.). The code reads the module SIM and uses functions like L to generate values.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs to the console via console.log, which could be a sink for sensitive data if the data were maliciously captured. No other direct sinks for untrusted data are evident.",
  "flows": "Simulation parameters and cost distributions flow from definitions into the SIM function, which runs the simulation, and results flow into console.log. No data flows from untrusted input into sensitive sinks or vice versa.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses a function L with arguments that suggest random sampling or distribution functions, but no explicit security anomalies like hardcoded credentials or data leaks are present. The use of an imported module might hide complexity, but nothing suspicious is evident here.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a simulation module and defines a set of cost parameters with functions (likely distributions) for each. It runs a simulation 10,000 times, calculates an estimate by summing costs, and outputs a range based on quantiles. The structure is typical for statistical modeling or Monte Carlo simulations. There are no signs of obfuscated code, malicious data exfiltration, or suspicious behavior. The only point of concern might be the imported module, but without its code, no malicious activity can be inferred. The code's purpose appears benign and typical for cost estimation tasks.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs a cost estimation simulation using random distributions. No malicious behavior or malware is evident. The code is straightforward and aligned with typical statistical modeling, with no signs of security risks or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}