{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Radial Basis Function (RBF) interpolation method for multi-dimensional data points, allowing selection of different distance functions for interpolation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters: 'points' and 'values'. It also reads optional 'distanceFunction' and 'epsilon' parameters for configuration.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any apparent sinks that lead to data leakage, system commands, or network operations.",
  "flows": "Input data (points and values) are used to compute a distance matrix, which influences the interpolation weights. The flow proceeds from data input, distance calculations, matrix solving, and finally to the interpolant function that computes interpolated values based on new points.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, suspicious code, or hidden behaviors are present. All functions perform standard mathematical operations related to RBF interpolation. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles mathematical operations for RBF interpolation using the 'numeric' library. It computes distance matrices, solves linear systems via LU decomposition, and generates an interpolant function. The distance functions are standard mathematical formulations. There are no indications of malicious behavior or suspicious data handling, no network operations, nor file system access. The code appears to be a standard implementation of a mathematical algorithm, with no hidden or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of a Radial Basis Function interpolation method. There are no signs of malware, malicious data exfiltration, backdoors, or security risks. The code relies solely on the 'numeric' library for computations. Overall, it is a standard mathematical module without malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}