{
  "purpose": "This code is an Ember.js build configuration module that manages importing a third-party progress bar library (progressbar.js) into an Ember project, by setting up vendor trees and app import paths.",
  "sources": "The code reads the module resolution paths via require.resolve('progressbar.js') and reads the application's root via findRoot() traversal. It also imports a vendor JavaScript file ('vendor/progressbar.js/dist/progressbar.min.js') into the build.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any sinks where untrusted data is directly used or propagated. It only performs filesystem and module import operations.",
  "flows": "No source-to-sink data flows are present. The code establishes static import paths based on module resolution and app structure, without processing external or untrusted input.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard build configuration code. No obfuscated code, no hidden or suspicious logic, no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors. The usage of 'require.resolve' and app.import is typical for Ember build files.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a function to find the root application by traversing parent nodes. It sets up a build process that resolves the path to 'progressbar.js' using require.resolve, then funnels this directory into the build output. It then imports the minified progressbar.js into the Ember app's vendor files. There are no indications of malicious code, data leaks, or suspicious behaviors. All operations are static and intended for build configuration. The code does not interact with external untrusted sources during runtime.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard Ember build configuration file managing the inclusion of a third-party library. It does not contain any malicious behaviors, security risks, or obfuscated code. The script is safe and appears to be correctly designed for its purpose.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}