{
  "purpose": "The code appears to provide utility functions for mathematical and animation easing operations, such as mapping values, easing curves, envelope modulation, mixing functions, and crossfading between functions.",
  "sources": "The code reads from the 'ramda' library (require('ramda')) and internal modules './visualization.js' and './utils.js'. It does not process external input data directly within the provided snippet.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are explicitly present in this code segment. There are no network connections, file writes, or other data output points that could leak data or perform malicious actions.",
  "flows": "The functions operate on input parameters 't' and other function outputs, applying mathematical transformations. The only flow involves function composition and value mapping within mathematical operations.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code uses standard mathematical and functional programming patterns. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several utility functions for mathematical easing and interpolation, using well-known techniques such as mapping ranges, applying easing functions, envelopes, mixing, and crossfading. It requires the 'ramda' library for functional operations. The functions are straightforward, with no signs of malicious intent. No external data is read during runtime, nor are there sinks or outputs that could be exploited. The code appears to serve a legitimate purpose related to animation or data visualization.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of utility functions for easing and interpolation, with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It relies on external libraries and modules but does not perform any dangerous operations. No malware or malicious intent is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}