{
  "purpose": "This code provides methods for generating and formatting tick marks for charts or graphs over a specified range, with different granularities such as millions, thousands, hundreds, etc.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters 'start', 'end', and 'n' (number of ticks). It also imports constants, utility functions, and modules (_reduce, _prettyNum, _constants).",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly write or output data to external systems, nor does it invoke any network requests or system modifications. It processes numeric data and returns formatted objects.",
  "flows": "Input 'start' and 'end' flow into 'allTicks', which generates tick values. These values flow into 'reduceTo' for downsampling, then into 'formatTicks' for formatting, and finally are returned as formatted tick objects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious variable names. The utility functions appear standard. All imported modules are assumed to be benign.",
  "analysis": "The code performs predictable numeric calculations to generate tick marks with specified units. It uses standard JavaScript math functions and array manipulations. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or system manipulation. The imported modules (_reduce, _prettyNum, _constants) could be examined further, but based on this code alone, they are likely utility modules for reduction, formatting, and constants. The functions produce formatted numeric labels and values for charting purposes. The structure is clear and typical for such utility modules.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign utility for generating and formatting tick marks. There are no signs of malicious intent, data leaks, or malicious behavior. The code's structure and logic are straightforward and consistent with standard charting utility functions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}