{
  "purpose": "The code implements a JavaScript adapter for Keycloak, an open-source identity and access management system, providing functions for authentication, token management, and user profile retrieval within web applications.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from URL parameters (via parseCallback), script tags for versioning, configuration files (keycloak.json or inline config), and user-provided options for login, logout, registration, and account management URLs.",
  "sinks": "Uses XMLHttpRequest to send token refresh and user info requests; modifies window.location.href for login/logout URLs; sets cookies and localStorage for callback state management; posts messages to an iframe for session check; encodes data into URLs for redirect flows.",
  "flows": "Input flows include URL parameters, configuration files, and user options. Data flows from URL/query parameters or configuration into internal state. Network requests (XHR) send tokens or retrieve user info. Redirects are generated for login, logout, registration. Token and state data are stored in cookies/localStorage. Event listeners for iframe messages handle session status.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. Code uses random UUIDs for state and nonce, but the implementation via createUUID() relies on Math.random(), which is not cryptographically secure but not inherently malicious. No obfuscated or minified code; the code structure is clear. No suspicious network domains or data exfiltration mechanisms detected. The code’s primary function is standard OAuth/OpenID Connect flows, with no hidden or malicious behavior evident.",
  "analysis": "The script functions as a client-side OAuth2/OpenID Connect adapter for Keycloak, managing tokens, user info, and session states. It handles configuration loading, URL parameter parsing, token decoding, iframe-based session check, and communication with the identity server. The use of XMLHttpRequest for token refresh and user info retrieval is standard. Storage mechanisms include localStorage and cookies, with expiration management. No evidence of malicious code such as data exfiltration, stealth network communications, or system manipulation. The token decoding and UUID generation are implemented with standard techniques, with no obfuscation or malicious alteration. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, open-source library implementation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of a Keycloak JavaScript adapter for handling authentication flows within a web application. It follows expected patterns for OAuth2/OIDC, including token management, session checking, and URL handling. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware signals are detected. The only minor concern is the non-cryptographically secure UUID generation, which is typical in client-side scripts and not malicious. Overall, the code is safe with a low malware and security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}