{
  "purpose": "This code implements a JavaScript client library for Keycloak, an open-source identity and access management system, handling authentication, token management, and user profile retrieval.",
  "sources": "Reads include script tags for configuration, window.location.href for URL parsing, XMLHttpRequest for token and user info requests, localStorage and cookies for callback storage, and input options for login/logout URLs.",
  "sinks": "Places where untrusted data could affect security include URL redirection, HTTP request headers, token handling, and callback storage. Notably, token responses are parsed and stored, and URLs are constructed with user-provided options.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data flows from user input or external server responses into URL parameters, HTTP request payloads, and callback handling. These are used for token exchange, login, logout, and profile retrieval, with some dynamic URL construction based on options.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No unusual or malicious code such as system commands, network connections to suspicious domains, or data exfiltration mechanisms are detected. The code employs standard practices for OAuth2/OIDC flows and local/session storage.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a client-side OAuth2/OIDC authentication library for Keycloak. It manages tokens, handles login/logout flows via URL redirects, manages session via iframe for login status, and stores callback states either in localStorage or cookies. The URL and token handling are consistent with typical OAuth2 practices. No suspicious dynamic code execution, data leaks, or malicious network activity are evident. The code is sufficiently structured for typical authentication use cases, with safe token parsing and storage. There are no signs of obfuscation or malicious tampering.",
  "conclusion": "The source code appears to be a legitimate and standard implementation of a Keycloak JavaScript adapter. It performs expected authentication tasks securely, with no indicators of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. Its operations are typical for OAuth2/OIDC client libraries and do not pose a supply chain threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}