{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a JavaScript module that imports various components, enums, hooks, and utilities related to a 3D rendering or visualization library, then installs and exports them for use in an application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules, including configuration objects, class instances, and functions. No user input or external data sources are directly read within this file.",
  "sinks": "The code exports multiple functions, classes, and constants. There are no direct data sinks where untrusted data flows into potentially harmful system actions. No external network connections or system modifications are evident within this code snippet.",
  "flows": "There are no explicit data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks within this code. The installer function initializes a core instance and registers components globally, but does not process or manipulate external input data.",
  "anomalies": "The code structure is typical for a modular JavaScript library setup. No suspicious code, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors are present. The imports and exports are standard, with no obfuscated or unusual language features.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily manages module imports, component registration, and export statements. It initializes a core instance and attaches it to a Vue app's global properties. No runtime data manipulation, external network activity, or system commands are present. The code's logic is straightforward, with standard module setup procedures, and does not include any hidden or malicious code. All functions and variables are consistent with their described purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a typical setup and export module for a JavaScript 3D visualization library. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. No suspicious anomalies or malware signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}