{
  "purpose": "This code provides React components and utility functions for rendering customizable flyouts, tooltips, and related UI behaviors, including positioning, transitions, and hover interactions.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from component props, state, and DOM element measurements (getBoundingClientRect). No external untrusted sources are directly read from outside the component; data is derived from component properties and DOM measurements.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data could be the content prop (which can be a node or function), but it is rendered as JSX without direct evaluation of untrusted code. Position calculations and styles are derived from DOM measurements, not external input. No network, file, or system access occurs.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and DOM measurements to positioning calculations, style generation, and rendering output. User interactions (hover, click) trigger state changes, but no external untrusted input is executed as code or sent over network.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code is complex but standard for React-based tooltip/flyout implementations. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or suspicious network activity. The code appears to be a standard UI utility library.",
  "analysis": "The code defines React components with standard lifecycle methods, positioning calculations, and transition effects. It uses DOM measurements and component props to determine layout, with no external code evaluation or network communication. The functions for calculating positions and offsets are safe and based on DOM geometry. The components include controls for hover and click interactions, but do not perform malicious actions. The styling functions and components follow best practices for dynamic styling and accessibility. No obfuscation or hidden code segments are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured React UI utility library for rendering flyouts and tooltips, with no malicious behavior or security risks detected. It primarily manipulates DOM measurements, styles, and React state to control UI components, with no evidence of malware or security vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}