{
  "purpose": "The code is a comprehensive JavaScript library for SQL parsing, tokenization, data type handling, and data generation, primarily used for interpreting SQL scripts and generating mock or test data.",
  "sources": "Tokenization routines, class constructors for data types, parsing functions, and configuration objects that read input SQL scripts and schema definitions.",
  "sinks": "Generated SQL statements, data rows, and internal data structures; no evidence of network activity or data exfiltration.",
  "flows": "Input SQL scripts or configuration objects → tokenization and parsing functions → data and SQL statement generation functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified and complex, which is typical for libraries but can be mistaken for obfuscation; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a large, minified SQL parser and data generator with classes for data types, token types, and parsing utilities. It includes polyfills for TextEncoder/TextDecoder, indicating environment compatibility. No network, file, or system modification code is present. The complex structure and minification are typical for such libraries, not malicious. No patterns of malicious behavior, sabotage, or backdoors are evident. The tokenization and parsing logic are extensive but standard for SQL interpreters. The absence of external network activity or data exfiltration points to a benign purpose. The high obfuscation score (around 0.8 in some reports) is justified by minification, not malicious obfuscation. The malware score remains at 0, consistent with the lack of malicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, complex SQL parsing and data generation library with no evidence of malicious activity or sabotage. Its obfuscated/minified appearance is typical for such libraries and does not indicate malicious intent. The overall security risk is low, but standard precautions should be maintained when deploying in untrusted environments.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}