{
  "purpose": "Defines a comprehensive set of Unicode character ranges and regex patterns for Unicode character classification and word boundary detection in JavaScript.",
  "sources": "The code primarily sources Unicode character ranges and categories via hardcoded Unicode escape sequences and string concatenations within the script. No external data sources or inputs are read.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs regex patterns and exports them as module exports. No direct data sinks such as network or file operations are present. No untrusted data processing or output to external systems occurs within this code.",
  "flows": "The code creates regex patterns from Unicode ranges (sources) for internal use and exports them. These regexes can be used by other modules to match or process Unicode characters, but there are no data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks within this code itself.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains an extensive collection of Unicode ranges, some of which include private-use and surrogate ranges. The construction of regex patterns for word boundaries and character classes is standard but intricate. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. There are no dynamic code evaluations, obfuscated constructs, or hidden malicious behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The script defines Unicode character ranges and categorizes them into regex-compatible strings for uppercase, lowercase, titlecase, letter, mark, number, punctuation, symbol, separator, and other categories. It constructs several regex patterns such as Unicode.w for word characters, Unicode.b and Unicode.bOut for word boundaries, and others for advanced Unicode processing. The code is largely static, using Unicode escape sequences and concatenations, with no evidence of dynamic code execution, external data reading, or system modifications. It appears to serve as a utility library for Unicode-aware regex operations, with no suspicious or malicious intent. No indicators of malware such as network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a static utility module defining Unicode character ranges and regex patterns for Unicode processing in JavaScript. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. Its purpose is to facilitate Unicode-aware text processing. No security risks or malicious intent are detected based on the code content.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}