{
  "purpose": "The code implements a high-precision decimal and mathematical utility library, including arithmetic functions, number parsing, formatting, and cryptographic references. It also assigns functions to the global window object with names like '_qiao_method_*'.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to functions, number-to-string conversions, global 'window' method assignments, code parsing via 'acorn'.",
  "sinks": "Global 'window' method overrides, code generation functions ('escodegen'), cryptographic references, large constants, number formatting functions.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through arithmetic and parsing functions; global methods are assigned and potentially override existing functions; cryptographic functions and large constants are used internally.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation/minification, global method overrides (e.g., '_qiao_method_add'), large constants, cryptographic references, complex code structure with potential for misuse.",
  "analysis": "The code is a sophisticated high-precision math library with complex internal logic, heavy obfuscation, and global scope modifications. No explicit malicious payloads, network activity, or data exfiltration are detected. The global method overrides could be exploited in malicious environments, but in themselves, they are not malicious. The obfuscation and global modifications are red flags but do not constitute active malware. The functions serve mathematical and formatting purposes, consistent with a utility library. The code's complexity and global scope injections justify a moderate security concern but do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a high-precision mathematical utility library with global method overrides and obfuscation. There is no evidence of active malicious behavior or payloads. The main concern is potential misuse of global overrides, which could be exploited if environment is untrusted. The malware score remains low, but the security risk is moderate due to global modifications. Overall, the code should be reviewed carefully before deployment, especially in untrusted contexts.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}