{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React Native zoomable view component with gesture handling, including pinch to zoom, double-tap zoom, and swipe detection for a mobile application interface.",
  "sources": "Reads include native event properties such as 'nativeEvent.layout', 'nativeEvent.touches', 'nativeEvent.locationX', and gestureState properties like 'dx', 'dy', 'vx', 'vy'. No external or untrusted data sources are evident.",
  "sinks": "Data is primarily used internally for UI state updates such as zoom level and offsets. No data is sent over the network or written to the filesystem. No external sinks are observed.",
  "flows": "Input events (touches, gestures) are processed to modify internal state variables like 'zoomLevel', 'offsetX', 'offsetY'. There are no external data flows or network communications initiated from this code.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a large amount of standard React Native gesture handling and zoom logic, with no apparent code obfuscation or suspicious logic. Commented-out propTypes and defaultProps may indicate legacy code or debugging remnants but are not malicious. No hidden backdoors, data leaks, or malicious behavior are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a React Native zoomable view component with gesture recognition. It includes logic for pinch zoom, double-tap zoom, and swipe gestures. All data handling is confined to UI interactions and state management. There are no network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling are present. The code is well-structured, with no obfuscated or malicious-looking constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical React Native zoomable view component designed for user interaction. It performs gesture detection, zoom, and movement controls without any malicious intent or behavior. There are no security risks or malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}