{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a syntax highlighting and code formatting library (e.g., for prettifying code snippets in web pages). It defines various language handlers, regex patterns, and functions for syntax highlighting across multiple programming languages.",
  "sources": "Reads document elements (like 'pre', 'code', 'xmp') for code snippets; inspects class names and attributes for language-specific data; uses regular expressions to process code source strings; accesses window and document styles.",
  "sinks": "Potentially writes HTML content into elements; manipulates class names and inner HTML; processes code source strings which could contain untrusted data; does not appear to execute untrusted code or send data externally.",
  "flows": "Source code elements are read and processed via regex and DOM manipulation; the code source is tokenized and decorated with syntax highlighting; decorated code is inserted back into the DOM.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity detected. The code is highly obfuscated and extensive, but it functions as a standard syntax highlighter. No indications of data leaks or malicious actions. The code relies heavily on regex patterns and DOM manipulations typical for syntax highlighters.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes a syntax highlighting library, registering multiple language handlers (like JavaScript, CSS, HTML, Python, etc.). It defines regex patterns, functions for tokenizing and decorating code snippets, and functions for rendering highlighted code into HTML elements. The obfuscation appears to be part of the minification or code compression process typical for such libraries. No network calls, data exfiltration, or code execution mechanisms are present. The code is self-contained, with no external malicious dependencies or suspicious network activity. The primary purpose is code syntax highlighting, and there are no indications of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a syntax highlighting library with extensive regex-based parsing for multiple languages. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware, nor does it exhibit any suspicious activity. The obfuscation is standard minification, not malicious obfuscation. Overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}