{
  "purpose": "The code appears to set up syntax highlighting and code formatting utilities for various programming languages, likely for a code display or editor feature in a web environment.",
  "sources": "Reads include document elements (e.g., 'pre', 'code', 'xmp'), class names for language detection, and window properties. No external input sources are explicitly identified.",
  "sinks": "Manipulation of DOM elements, such as setting innerHTML and appending child nodes, particularly for syntax highlighting purposes.",
  "flows": "Code processes DOM elements (sources) by analyzing class names and content, then applies decorations and modifications for syntax highlighting; no data flows to external systems or network.",
  "anomalies": "Extensive obfuscated code, including complex regex patterns and nested functions, which could mask malicious activity. The code disables eslint and uses aggressive pattern matching for language detection. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or network activity observed. The focus on syntax highlighting is typical for code editors.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily implements a syntax highlighting engine, registering language handlers for different programming languages and applying decorations to source code snippets in the DOM. The obfuscation and complexity of regex patterns are characteristic of syntax highlighters. No suspicious network activity, data leakage, or malicious modifications are detected. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are evident. The code does not perform any external requests or system modifications. The structure and purpose suggest legitimate functionality for code presentation.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a syntax highlighting utility with obfuscated regex patterns. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident. The code serves a standard purpose for syntax decoration, with no indications of sabotage or privacy violations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}