{
  "purpose": "The component is designed for proximity detection in A-Frame VR scenes, triggering events when entities come within a certain distance of a target object.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data from 'schema' (distance, target, hidden), scene attributes (e.g., 'stats'), and DOM elements (e.g., elements with class 'rs-base').",
  "sinks": "Emits custom events ('proximityenter', 'proximityexit') based on proximity detection; manipulates DOM to create and update statistics display.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component schema and scene attributes into proximity logic; proximity calculations determine whether events are emitted; DOM updates display current distance metrics.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. Uses console.info and console.debug for logging, which are typical for debugging, not malicious behavior. No dynamic code execution, eval, or suspicious network activity is observed. The code does manipulate DOM elements and relies on standard A-Frame and THREE.js functions. The 'run' function is nested but straightforward. No obfuscation or encrypted code is present. The code's behavior is consistent with an A-Frame component for proximity detection.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes an A-Frame component that calculates distance between entities and emits events when crossing thresholds. It also conditionally creates DOM elements to display proximity stats, but this is standard UI updating. No suspicious or malicious actions, such as network requests, data exfiltration, or system manipulation, are present. The use of console logs suggests debugging or development purposes. The component reads scene attributes and DOM elements safely. There are no signs of code injection, malicious behavior, or malicious data handling.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard A-Frame component for proximity detection with no indicators of malicious intent or security risks. It handles DOM updates and event emission responsibly, without suspicious network or system interactions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}