{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to format large numbers into human-readable strings with SI units and to parse such strings back into numeric form.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters: 'number' (for formatting) and 'string' (for parsing). It also requires an external module './vars' which provides SI units, regex, and mappings.",
  "sinks": "The primary sinks are within the 'parse' function where user-provided strings are converted into numbers, and the 'format' function where numbers are transformed into strings for display.",
  "flows": "Input strings in 'parse' flow through the regex replacement and conversion to number. The 'format' function takes a number and outputs a string. No direct data flow from untrusted sources to dangerous sinks suggests limited risk.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward; no hardcoded secrets, unusual variable usage, or hidden code. The 'require' of external 'vars' depends on its content, but it's standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The 'format' function converts numbers into human-readable strings with SI suffixes, while the 'parse' function converts such strings back into numbers. Both functions rely on the external 'vars' module for SI units, regex patterns, and mappings. There is no evidence of code injection, malicious data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code does not perform network operations, execute dynamic code, or handle sensitive data. The use of regex and mathematical operations appears normal. No suspicious logic or obfuscation is present. The overall code is simple utility functions with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as number formatting and parsing utilities without any malicious or suspicious behavior. It relies on external 'vars' data, which should be reviewed separately but appears benign. No malware or security risks are identified within this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}