{
  "purpose": "The code is part of the DOMPurify library, which is used for sanitizing HTML to prevent XSS attacks and malicious injection.",
  "sources": "Reads include document and window objects, DOMParser, createElement, getAttribute, and innerHTML. Also reads from script attributes, environment variables, and script tags.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM elements, sets attributes, modifies innerHTML, appends/removes nodes, and creates policies via Trusted Types.",
  "flows": "Input data from various sources (user input, attributes, HTML strings) flows into DOM manipulation functions such as innerHTML, setAttribute, and parseFromString, which can modify DOM nodes or create new ones.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex, minified, obfuscated-like functions (e.g., C, ke, Ft, oe, S), which are typical of utility or polyfill code but may also hide malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are evident. The presence of extensive whitelist definitions for HTML and SVG tags/attributes suggests focus on security. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration functions are present. The code does not attempt to connect externally or send data over the network.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive implementation of a DOM sanitizer, with utility functions for type detection, object inheritance, and iteration. It defines whitelists for allowed HTML, SVG, MathML tags, and attributes, indicating a focus on filtering untrusted HTML input. The core function 'sanitize' processes input HTML, cleans nodes, attributes, and removes or modifies potentially dangerous elements. It also creates Trusted Types policies if available, indicating modern security practices. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network calls. The complex functions and minified style code are typical of a library intended to be robust and secure, not malicious. The overall purpose aligns with security sanitization rather than sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate, security-focused HTML sanitizer (DOMPurify), with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. Its complexity and obfuscation are consistent with efforts to implement comprehensive sanitization rather than conceal malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}