{
  "purpose": "This code implements DOMPurify, a client-side library for sanitizing HTML to prevent XSS attacks. Its purpose is to securely clean HTML input by allowing only safe tags and attributes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily through the sanitize() method, which accepts a string or DOM node. It also reads configuration options via the arguments of the dt() function, especially in Re() and sanitize() functions.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could reach the sinks during the sanitize() method, which outputs sanitized HTML or DOM nodes. Potential data leaks could occur if the output is improperly handled or if malicious scripts are not effectively removed.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from the sanitize() method into the internal sanitization pipeline, passing through multiple validation and filtering functions (e.g., rt(), it(), rt(), and w()). Sanitized data then flows out as either HTML strings or DOM nodes depending on configuration.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains advanced, complex utility functions and feature flags for various HTML and SVG tags, which appear standard for a sanitization library. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. The code employs numerous dynamic features and polyfills, but these are consistent with secure library design. No suspicious network calls or data exfiltration mechanisms are visible.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a comprehensive sanitization framework with a large whitelist of allowed tags and attributes for HTML, SVG, MathML, and other content types. It uses trusted types policies where supported, with fallback mechanisms. The functions like sanitize(), setConfig(), and clearConfig() provide configurable sanitization behavior. The code avoids executing untrusted code and relies on well-defined, standard JavaScript practices. There are no signs of malicious payloads, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The only notable complexity is the extensive whitelist management and DOM manipulation, which is typical for DOMPurify's purpose. All functions appear to serve sanitization tasks, with no hidden or malicious behavior.\n\nConfidence in this assessment is high, as the code is consistent with known, open-source DOMPurify implementations and contains no suspicious or malicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard implementation of DOMPurify, a security-focused HTML sanitizer. It contains no malicious behavior or sabotage mechanisms. Its complexity and extensive whitelists are consistent with its purpose of preventing XSS attacks. No evidence suggests malware or security risks beyond expected sanitization functions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}