{
  "purpose": "This code implements DOMPurify, a JavaScript library designed to sanitize HTML content to prevent XSS attacks and ensure safe rendering of user-generated content.",
  "sources": "Reads input HTML or DOM nodes for sanitization, configuration parameters from function arguments and script attributes, and environment data like window and document objects.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM nodes, attributes, innerHTML, outerHTML, and textContent, and interacts with trustedTypes policies. It also reads certain global objects and environment variables.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from input parameters or DOM nodes into sanitization functions, which process and potentially modify or remove unsafe content before updating DOM elements or returning sanitized output.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes extensive polyfills, environment detection, and feature checks, which are standard but increase complexity. No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network connections are evident. No evidence of code that sends data over network, connects to suspicious domains, or executes malicious system actions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of DOMPurify, including environment checks, feature detection, configuration parsing, and DOM manipulation functions. It uses standard security practices such as validating tag names and attributes, removing unsafe elements, and ensuring proper sanitization. No malicious code patterns, such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or hidden network activity, are present. The code focuses on sanitization logic, with no indication of malicious intent or sabotage. The inclusion of trustedTypes policy creation is a standard security feature, not malicious. The complex polyfills and feature detection are typical for cross-browser compatibility and do not indicate malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-known implementation of DOMPurify, a library for sanitizing HTML content. It contains no malicious behavior or sabotage indicators. The complexity is due to environment compatibility and feature detection, not malicious intent. Overall, it poses no security threat based on this analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}