{
  "purpose": "This code converts elliptical arcs into cubic Bézier curves, likely for rendering SVG or similar graphics operations involving arcs.",
  "sources": "Function parameters x1, y1, x2, y2, fa, fs, rx, ry, phi, and internal calculations within get_arc_center, approximate_unit_arc, and a2c functions. The code reads these inputs to perform geometric transformations.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any direct data sinks that send data externally, nor does it write to the network, filesystem, or environment variables. It performs purely mathematical calculations without side effects.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used throughout functions to compute arc centers, angles, and Bézier control points. The flow is primarily mathematical transformations from input arc parameters to Bézier curve approximation, with no external data flow or output beyond returned curve arrays.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns, such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or hidden backdoors. The code uses standard mathematical functions and no dynamic code execution or system calls. No signs of malicious privacy violations or unauthorized data access.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard geometric calculations for converting elliptical arc parameters into Bézier curve segments. It carefully handles edge cases such as zero radii or identical start and end points, and splits arcs into segments to ensure accurate approximation. All computations involve purely mathematical operations with no external side effects or suspicious behaviors. There is no evidence of malware, data exfiltration, or malicious activity. The functions are consistent with documented SVG arc conversions and do not exhibit obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate geometric utility for arc to Bézier conversion. It contains no malware or malicious behavior. The overall security risk is minimal, serving a benign purpose in graphical computations. The confidence level is high due to the straightforward and well-structured nature of the code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}