{
  "purpose": "The code interacts with a blockchain-based token system, performing genesis creation, issuing tokens, transferring tokens, and querying balances and summaries via the SensibleFT library.",
  "sources": "User inputs include hardcoded WIF private keys, addresses, and network selection; data retrieved from the library such as transaction IDs, balances, and summaries.",
  "sinks": "Network calls to the blockchain via the SensibleFT library, including genesis creation, token issuance, transfers, and balance queries; potential data leaks if private keys are mishandled.",
  "flows": "Private keys (sources) are used directly in methods like genesis, issue, and transfer (sinks). Data flows from hardcoded WIFs into blockchain transactions; responses such as txids and balances are retrieved and logged.",
  "anomalies": "Hardcoded private keys (WIFs) for multiple entities (CoffeeShop, Alice, Bob) which is a serious security concern. Use of static private keys indicates possible testing or insecure practices. No obfuscated or malicious code structures detected. The sleep delays are standard for asynchronous blockchain operations.",
  "analysis": "The code securely interacts with the SensibleFT library to perform blockchain transactions. The primary concern is the use of hardcoded private keys for all participants, which poses a high security risk if deployed in production. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or unauthorized network activity beyond expected blockchain interactions. The flow from private keys to transactions and responses is straightforward. The code appears to be designed for testing or demonstration purposes, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard blockchain token operations with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. The main security issue is the hardcoded private keys, which are dangerous if exposed or misused. No malicious activity or sabotage observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 1
}