{
  "purpose": "The code defines a function 'run' that returns an object with a method 'wif', which itself returns a function with 'then' and 'else' behavior based on the arguments passed. It appears to facilitate conditional execution of functions based on the presence of arguments.",
  "sources": "The code reads input arguments passed to the 'wif' method through 'args' parameter.",
  "sinks": "The code executes the 'runnable' function or the 'alsoRunnable' callback based on argument checks; these could potentially lead to code execution if 'runnable' or 'alsoRunnable' are untrusted functions.",
  "flows": "Arguments are checked for null/undefined; if all are present, 'runnable' executes, otherwise 'alsoRunnable' may execute. The flow depends on argument validation, passing untrusted functions from external calls.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious constructs. The code relies on runtime arguments and function calls. It does not include any network activity, data exfiltration, or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a 'run' function that produces an object with a 'wif' method. This method accepts arbitrary arguments and returns a function that, when called, conditionally executes 'runnable' or 'alsoRunnable'. The conditional logic is based on the presence of non-null, non-undefined arguments. There are no indications of malicious intent such as data theft, backdoors, or external network activity. The pattern resembles a conditional executor or a custom promise-like control flow. Since it involves executing external functions based on argument checks, potential risk exists if 'runnable' or 'alsoRunnable' are untrusted, but this is common in JavaScript control flow patterns and not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a simple conditional executor that runs provided functions based on argument validation. It shows no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks beyond standard dynamic function execution. No obfuscation or malicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}