{
  "purpose": "This code demonstrates the use of the 'SensibleFT' library to create and manage a custom token ('COFFEE COIN') on a blockchain network, including genesis creation, issuing tokens, transferring tokens, and querying balances and summaries.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from hardcoded WIF private keys (CoffeeShop.wif, Alice.wif, Bob.wif), network configuration, and user-provided addresses within the code. It also accepts static parameters for token details and transaction options.",
  "sinks": "The code sends transaction data (txid, token details, balance info) to the console. It interacts with external blockchain networks via the 'SensibleFT' library, which performs network requests for genesis creation, issuance, transfers, and balance queries.",
  "flows": "Data flows from hardcoded private keys and static parameters (sources) into library functions that generate transactions and retrieve data, which are then outputted to the console. External network requests are made during each blockchain interaction, with transaction IDs and balances as outputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains hardcoded private keys (WIFs) for multiple identities, which pose security risks if exposed. The private keys are directly embedded in the code, revealing sensitive credentials. There are no signs of obfuscated code or malicious network connections, but the presence of private keys is a significant security concern. No malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration or system manipulation are evident, but the handling of private keys is a serious vulnerability.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes the 'SensibleFT' object with static network and fee parameters, then proceeds to create a token genesis, issue tokens, transfer tokens, and query balances and summaries. All private keys are hardcoded in the script, which is insecure. The functions invoked ('genesis', 'issue', 'getBalance', 'transfer', 'getSummary') are typical blockchain interactions and do not show evidence of malicious payloads. The code follows a standard pattern for blockchain operations. The main concern is the exposure of private keys, which could be exploited if the code is accessed by unauthorized parties. No suspicious network activity or malicious code execution is detected beyond credential exposure.",
  "conclusion": "This script performs standard blockchain token operations using the 'SensibleFT' library. The primary security risk is the hardcoded private keys, which could lead to theft or unauthorized control of the associated funds if compromised. No malware or malicious behaviors are identified within the code, but insecure handling of credentials is a significant vulnerability that must be addressed.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "report_number": 5
}