{
  "purpose": "The code appears to facilitate token bridging and querying token data across chains, involving interactions with external APIs (eddy.finance) for quotes, token info, and pools, likely for a blockchain or DeFi application.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input parameters such as wallet addresses, chain IDs, token addresses, and amounts passed into functions like getQuoteForBridge, getContractConfigForTx, and others. External API responses are also data sources.",
  "sinks": "Data flows into external API POST requests, especially GraphQL queries to 'https://apiv2.eddy.finance/graphql'. Functions process and encode data for transaction configurations and bridge quotes, which are sent via POST requests.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to construct GraphQL queries, which are then sent to external APIs. The responses are processed and returned, and some data (like token addresses and chain IDs) influence subsequent function calls. The data flow involves input reading, query construction, API calls, and response handling.",
  "anomalies": "The code generates complex query strings with concatenated user inputs, which could be vulnerable if inputs are not sanitized (e.g., injection). There is no explicit sanitization shown, raising potential security concerns. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. The use of Promise-based asynchronous calls is standard. No obfuscated code or malware signatures are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a DeFi utility library for cross-chain token operations. It reads data from input parameters and constructs GraphQL queries dynamically. It performs API calls to a specific URL, handles responses, and processes data for token bridging, token info, and pool data. No suspicious network connections, backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration is observed. The use of concatenated strings for queries could lead to injection if inputs are untrusted, but there is no evidence of malicious payloads. The code does not include any hidden or malicious behavior; it appears to be standard for blockchain integrations. No obfuscation or malware signals are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate blockchain utility library for token bridging and data querying. It does not show signs of malicious behavior or malware. However, the dynamic construction of GraphQL queries from user inputs warrants caution to prevent injection vulnerabilities. Overall, it seems safe within its context, with a low security risk, assuming proper input validation is maintained.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}