{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JavaScript SDK for interacting with the Eddy.finance API, enabling token data retrieval, quote fetching for bridging assets, and pool information, likely for a decentralized finance (DeFi) application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as wallet addresses, chain IDs, token addresses, amounts, and slippage settings. External data sources include API responses from 'https://apiv2.eddy.finance/graphql'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include API POST requests to 'https://apiv2.eddy.finance/graphql' and console logging. Data from responses is processed and returned, but no direct system or file manipulation is observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (wallet addresses, chain IDs, token addresses, amounts) are used to construct GraphQL queries sent via HTTP POST to the Eddy API. Responses are processed and used to produce quote data, token info, and supported chain/tokens data. No untrusted data is written to external systems or files within this code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code uses predictable API endpoints, and no obfuscated or minified code appears malicious. No backdoors or unusual behaviors detected. The code employs promises and error handling correctly. Variable naming and structure are typical for SDK code.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a client library for DeFi interactions with Eddy.finance. It constructs GraphQL queries dynamically based on function parameters, sends them via HTTP POST, and processes the responses. The data flow is from user input through API queries to returned results, with standard error handling. No suspicious data exfiltration, system commands, or malicious behaviors such as code injection, reverse shells, or unauthorized system access are present. The code does not contain hardcoded credentials or API keys, only a public API URL. There is no evidence of malware or malicious payloads. The presence of external API calls and data processing is typical for such SDKs.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard SDK for interacting with Eddy.finance's API, used in DeFi applications. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware are detected. The data flows are controlled, and no suspicious anomalies are evident. The code is benign and intended for legitimate API interaction.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}