{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of functions to fetch blockchain token data, quote data for cross-chain bridges, and pool information from the Eddy.finance API, likely for use in a decentralized finance (DeFi) application.",
  "sources": "Input parameters for functions such as e.sourceChainId, e.destinationChainId, e.amount, e.slippage, e.walletAddress, and token addresses; data retrieved from GraphQL API responses.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to 'https://apiv2.eddy.finance/graphql' with GraphQL queries; usage of input data in constructing queries and in cryptographic functions.",
  "flows": "User-provided input parameters flow into GraphQL query construction, which then trigger HTTP POST requests; responses are parsed and used for further processing and cryptographic encoding.",
  "anomalies": "Use of cryptographic functions (e.g., e.getBytes) and complex string encodings for contract data, but these are consistent with blockchain transaction preparations; no hardcoded secrets or credentials found; no obfuscated code; network endpoints are publicly documented API URLs.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily constructs GraphQL queries using input parameters and makes POST requests to an external API for blockchain data. The functions are wrapped with promise-based asynchronous handling, with error logging and rejection. Cryptographic and encoding functions are used for preparing transaction data, consistent with blockchain development practices. No hardcoded sensitive data or credentials are present. No indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or suspicious network connections outside the documented API endpoint. The code relies on standard cryptographic and encoding functions, with no unusual obfuscation or dynamic code execution. The external API endpoints are publicly documented, and the data flow is transparent. Therefore, no malicious or sabotage code is identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation for blockchain data fetching and transaction preparation within a DeFi context. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks beyond standard network and data handling. The cryptographic functions are used for transaction data encoding and are standard for blockchain operations. No supply chain attacks or malware signatures are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}