{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for browser-side syntax highlighting and pretty printing of source code embedded in HTML, supporting multiple languages and embedded content.",
  "sources": "The code reads HTML DOM elements such as <pre>, <code>, and <xmp> tags with class 'prettyprint' or 'lang-*' to identify code blocks. It extracts inner HTML or text nodes for processing.",
  "sinks": "Potentially, the code modifies innerHTML and nodeValue properties of DOM elements, which could lead to DOM-based injection if source code is untrusted. It also creates and inserts span elements with style classes for syntax highlighting.",
  "flows": "Input HTML code (sourceCodeHtml) flows into DOM elements, which are parsed and processed through extraction functions, then styled via language handlers that modify the DOM structure with spans and decorations, before updating innerHTML or nodeValue.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activities are present. The code uses dynamic DOM manipulations for syntax highlighting; this is standard. No obfuscated or malicious patterns are detected. The license header and comments are consistent with open-source code. No external network calls or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. The code dynamically creates functions for lexing and styling, which is normal for syntax highlighters.",
  "analysis": "Step 1: The script is a syntax highlighting library (Google Code Prettify) that processes source code in HTML elements for display.\nStep 2: It reads DOM elements like <pre>, <code>, <xmp>, extracting inner HTML or text nodes.\nStep 3: It defines multiple language keyword lists and lexers for different languages, and functions to decorate source code with styles.\nStep 4: It applies styles by replacing text nodes with span elements with class names representing syntax tokens.\nStep 5: It offers functions for pretty printing with line numbering and supports multiple language handlers.\nStep 6: It does not contain network calls, data leakage, or code execution mechanisms.\nStep 7: It dynamically constructs regexes and lexers but does so for syntax highlighting purposes, not malicious intent.\nStep 8: The license header and comments are consistent with a legitimate open-source syntax highlighter.\nConclusion: The code is a standard open-source syntax highlighting library with no malicious behavior or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "This script is a well-known open-source syntax highlighter (Google Code Prettify) designed for enhancing code readability on web pages. It processes DOM elements to add syntax styles and line numbers. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or supply chain attacks. It operates entirely within the browser environment without network activity or data exfiltration.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}