{
  "purpose": "This code provides a browser-side syntax highlighting and code formatting utility, primarily used for prettifying code snippets in HTML pages. It supports multiple programming languages and handles DOM manipulation for visual presentation.",
  "sources": "Reads input from DOM elements such as <pre>, <code>, and <xmp> tags with specific classes. Extracts inner HTML and text nodes for processing. Uses sourceNode.innerHTML to obtain source code HTML for prettification.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM nodes, replacing text nodes with styled span elements for syntax highlighting. No data is sent over network, stored, or leaked outside DOM manipulation. No external sinks or network communication is present.",
  "flows": "Source: DOM innerHTML and text nodes; Process: source code extracted and passed to language-specific highlighters; Sink: DOM nodes replaced with styled spans for visual rendering.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive DOM manipulation to parse and style code snippets but does not include any obfuscated code, hidden functions, or dynamic code execution. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network calls are present. No signs of data exfiltration or stealth behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a syntax highlighting library designed for client-side use. It defines keyword lists for various languages and includes functions to parse, tokenize, and style code snippets in HTML elements. The logic involves extracting source code, applying regex-based tokenization, and replacing DOM nodes with styled elements. It supports multiple language modes via registered handlers and is structured for asynchronous, non-blocking execution. No malicious activities, such as network transmission, file modification, or backdoors, are detected. The overall design is typical for a syntax highlighter and does not exhibit malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a syntax highlighting utility used for beautifying code snippets within HTML pages. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The code is well-structured, with no obfuscation or stealth features, and serves a legitimate purpose in web development.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}