{
  "purpose": "The script provides browser-side syntax highlighting and pretty printing of code embedded in HTML pages, supporting multiple programming languages and code formatting features.",
  "sources": "Reads HTML DOM nodes, especially <pre>, <code>, and <xmp> tags; accesses class attributes for language detection; extracts inner HTML content and text nodes for processing.",
  "sinks": "Modifies innerHTML and nodeValue of DOM elements; creates and inserts <span> and <ol> elements for styling and line numbering; replaces text nodes with styled spans.",
  "flows": "Extracts source code from DOM, applies language-specific lexers and decorators, and reinserts styled code into the DOM structure, transforming the original content with syntax highlighting.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The code heavily manipulates DOM elements for syntax highlighting, but this is consistent with its purpose. No obfuscation, minification, or malicious obfuscation patterns are present. The code is well-structured and documented.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of client-side syntax highlighting, involving tokenization, lexing, and DOM manipulation. It defines multiple language keyword lists, creates lexers with pattern matching, and decorates code snippets with styled spans. It supports multiple language handlers registered dynamically, and includes features like line numbering and embedded source handling. The logic is consistent with a syntax highlighter tool. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network communication, data theft, or sabotage. All operations are confined to DOM manipulation and code styling. The code is extensive but appears to be a legitimate open-source syntax highlighter library, with no suspicious anomalies or malicious signals.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate syntax highlighting library designed for browser use. It performs extensive DOM processing for styling code snippets without any signs of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It does not access external network resources, handle sensitive data, or execute hidden code. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}