{
  "purpose": "This code is a JavaScript library for browser-side syntax highlighting and pretty printing of code snippets embedded in HTML documents.",
  "sources": "Reads data from <pre>, <code>, and <xmp> HTML elements, as well as their class attributes and innerHTML content.",
  "sinks": "Modifies the DOM by injecting styled <span> elements, inserting <li> and <ol> lists for line numbering, and replacing text node contents.",
  "flows": "Extracts code from HTML elements, applies language-specific lexers and decorators, then recombines styled spans back into the DOM.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network calls are present. The code contains extensive comment and license info but no obfuscated or malicious code segments. No dynamic code execution or suspicious domain connections detected.",
  "analysis": "The script is a well-structured syntax highlighter and code prettifier, designed for enhancing code readability on web pages. It defines numerous language keyword lists and regex patterns for tokenizing code, then applies styles by wrapping tokens in span elements with specific CSS classes. The functions handle source extraction from DOM nodes, line numbering, and DOM manipulation for styled output. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or network connections is found. It operates entirely within the client-side browser environment, relying on DOM and regex processing. The licensing comments at the top indicate open-source usage. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, benign syntax highlighting library.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript library is a benign, open-source syntax highlighter and code formatter for browser environments. It performs DOM manipulations for styling code snippets without any suspicious or malicious activity. No malware or security risks are detected based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}