{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions for cookies, clipboard operations, loading animations, unique ID generation, input validation, and image optimization within a web application.",
  "sources": "Reads cookies (document.cookie), reads data attribute 'dataset.src' from elements with class 'mbrImage', reads input events (event.which / event.keyCode).",
  "sinks": "Sets cookies (document.cookie), writes to clipboard (navigator.clipboard.writeText), inserts HTML into DOM (insertAdjacentHTML), manipulates styles and DOM elements, updates image src and backgroundImage properties.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions (input events, data attributes) to DOM manipulations, cookie setting, and clipboard operations. No evident data flow from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks in a malicious manner.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The functions are straightforward utility implementations. No obfuscated code, suspicious network activity, or malicious data exfiltration detected. The only potential concern is the use of Math.random() for unique ID generation, which is not cryptographically secure but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for common web tasks: setting/getting/deleting cookies, copying text to clipboard, displaying a loader with animation, generating a unique ID, input validation for numbers and letters, and optimizing images by preloading and replacing sources. All operations involve DOM manipulation, user input handling, or environment APIs. There are no calls to external domains, no network activity, nor any data exfiltration or system-level modifications. The random ID generator uses Math.random() without cryptographic strength, but this is typical for non-security-critical IDs. No signs of malware, malicious behavior, or supply chain sabotage are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions for web interface enhancements and input handling. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are evident. The functions are straightforward and utilize standard APIs with no suspicious or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}