{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions for cookie management, clipboard copying, website loading animations, unique ID generation, input validation, and image optimization in a web environment.",
  "sources": "Reads cookies from 'document.cookie', reads image URLs from 'dataset.src', reads user input events, queries DOM elements with class 'mbrImage', and accesses 'navigator.clipboard'.",
  "sinks": "Sets cookies in 'document.cookie', writes to the clipboard via 'navigator.clipboard.writeText', manipulates DOM by inserting loader HTML and styles, modifies image 'src' or 'backgroundImage' properties.",
  "flows": "Cookie data flows from input (setCookie) to storage; user input events flow into validation functions; image URLs flow from dataset attributes into image elements; clipboard text flows from input data to clipboard API; loader display flow from data parameters to DOM insertion and style injection.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to be standard utility functions without any obfuscated code, hidden behaviors, or suspicious patterns. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are evident. No external network requests or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements common web utilities such as cookie handling, clipboard copying, loader animations, ID generation, input validation, and image optimization. The functions interact with the DOM, cookies, and browser APIs in a straightforward manner. There are no signs of malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or malicious network activity. All code appears standard, with no obfuscated parts or suspicious behaviors. The only potential concern is that the cookie functions use JSON.stringify and JSON.parse, which could be misused to store or retrieve data; however, in this context, they are typical implementations. The clipboard function simply copies text to clipboard, which is standard. The loader functions add visual elements to the page. The ID generator creates a UUID-like string with random characters. Input validation restricts input to numbers or letters. Image optimizer replaces images with optimized versions based on dataset attributes. Overall, the code appears benign and intended for utility purposes without malicious features.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code consists of standard utility functions for web development with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It interacts with user data and the DOM in expected ways, without any signs of malware or security risks. The risk level is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}