{
  "purpose": "This code implements a mathematical function to solve quartic equations (degree 4 polynomials). It utilizes other imported modules for solving quadratic and cubic equations, as well as complex number operations, to compute the roots of the quartic polynomial.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters (a, b, c, d, e) representing coefficients of the polynomial. It also reads data from imported modules such as solveQuadratic, solveCubic, isZero, and CPX (Complex.js). It accesses properties and methods of CPX for complex number calculations.",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly output or transmit data to external systems. It performs calculations internally. No sinks are present that send data over the network, write files, or interact with the environment beyond computation.",
  "flows": "Input coefficients are processed to calculate intermediate variables (p, q, r). Based on these, the code computes complex roots via calls to imported functions. The roots are then transformed and returned as the output. There are no external data flows beyond the function return.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of algebraic solutions for quartic equations. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic are detected. Usage of complex number calculations is appropriate for root-finding. No obfuscation, malicious system interaction, or unusual behavior is present.",
  "analysis": "The function begins by checking if the leading coefficient a is zero, redirecting to cubic solving if so. It normalizes coefficients and computes depressed quartic parameters p, q, r. It then applies various mathematical cases based on whether p, q, or r are zero, employing complex number functions for root calculations. All operations are mathematical and consistent with standard quartic solving algorithms. No external data is sent or received inappropriately. The code relies solely on mathematical libraries and internal logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate mathematical implementation for solving quartic equations, with no signs of malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It does not perform any malicious actions such as data exfiltration, system modification, or network communication. It appears safe and purpose-driven.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}