{
  "purpose": "The code primarily defines Vue.js components and map rendering functions for handling geographic data visualization using AMap (a map service). It manages map components, markers, districts, and routes with customizable rules, and includes SVG markers and dependency imports.",
  "sources": "Imports 'uuid' for generating unique IDs; uses URL.createObjectURL with SVG blobs for marker images; reads input data from component props such as loadPoint, unloadPoint, and amap; reads environment info via navigator for IE detection.",
  "sinks": "Creates image URLs from SVG blobs and assigns them to markers; interacts with DOM via document.createElement and document.head; calls map API methods like Geocoder, DistrictSearch, Circle, Marker, Polygon; emits events based on map rendering.",
  "flows": "Generates SVG image blobs and creates object URLs for markers; map functions retrieve geocode data and create map overlays; Vue component lifecycle triggers map rendering; props provide input points, rules, and API instances; map operations update map overlays and emit status.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious URL connections are detected. SVG blobs are embedded within code, which is normal for custom markers. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. No attempts to exfiltrate data or connect to external malicious domains are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages map visualization using standard API calls and component interactions. It uses URL.createObjectURL with SVG data for custom marker images, which is a common technique. Map functions like district, circle, and marker drawing follow typical patterns without suspicious behavior. No hardcoded secrets, network connections, or malicious actions are present. The import of 'uuid' is used for unique ID generation and does not indicate malicious intent. The code structure aligns with standard Vue.js component design. The only notable aspect is the embedding of SVG data directly into Blob objects for marker images, which is a typical approach for custom markers.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard Vue.js component setup for map visualization using AMap SDK. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The use of SVG blobs for marker images and the absence of external network calls to suspicious domains indicate a benign purpose. The code appears to be legitimate, well-structured, and does not contain malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}