{
  "purpose": "The code constructs a self-contained HTML document that displays a stylized QR code with optional background and image customization, leveraging a JavaScript library for QR code generation and rendering.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'data' property in the configuration object, including QR code data, style options, background, image sources, and options passed to various functions within the QRCodeStyling library.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs rendered QR code graphics to a canvas or SVG element, and offers download functions that convert these graphics to data URLs or blobs, which could potentially be misused if provided malicious data sources or scripts within the input data.",
  "flows": "Input data (such as QR content and styling options) flows into the QR code generation routines; the QR code modules are rendered onto a canvas or SVG; generated images or SVGs can then be serialized or downloaded as data URLs or blobs. No untrusted external data is directly processed without validation, and rendering is contained within the webpage context.",
  "anomalies": "The script contains complex, minified-looking code with multiple nested functions and promise-based asynchronous routines, making it appear obfuscated or overly complex. It references functions for image loading, gradient creation, and drawing patterns but does not include any explicit network connections, data exfiltration, or code injection. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious external domain calls are observed. The code structure resembles a QR code library, not malicious code, and no hidden backdoors or sabotage behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a sophisticated JavaScript library for generating QR codes with styling options, embedded within an HTML document that loads the library dynamically via a UMD pattern. It processes input parameters to generate QR code images or SVGs, with options for background gradients, images, and various module shapes. There are no indications of network communication, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads. The complex, minified sections appear to be standard library code for rendering graphics or encoding data, not malicious sabotage. No anomalous or suspicious external domain calls, backdoors, or cryptomining activities are detected. Overall, the code appears legitimate and solely intended for QR code rendering and downloading.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a comprehensive, obfuscated-looking QR code generator library embedded in an HTML page. It does not perform any malicious actions such as data theft, unauthorized network activity, or sabotage. The complex structure and minified segments are typical for library code. Based on the detailed review, there are no signs of malware or malicious behavior; the risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}