{
  "purpose": "This React component serves as a chart editor allowing users to select data columns and chart types to visualize data using Plotly. It provides drag-and-drop interface for axes configuration and generates plot JSON for rendering.",
  "sources": "Reads user interactions such as dropdown selections, drag-and-drop events, and props including columnNames and rows. Data is obtained from imported modules and component props.",
  "sinks": "Generates form submission with JSON data of plot configuration to external plot.ly URL. No other untrusted data sinks identified.",
  "flows": "User interactions (dropdown change, drag-drop) update component state, which then feeds into plot JSON generation and form submission for external visualization. Data flows are straightforward with no external system influence outside form submission.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious logic. All imported modules appear standard for React plotting and drag-drop functionalities. No obfuscated code, hidden functions, or suspicious network activity. The only form submission sends plot data to a known external service, which is typical for this functionality.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages UI state for a chart configuration tool. It uses standard React patterns, including state management, event handling, and component composition. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious data handling. The form submission to plot.ly is expected and does not pose security risks in this context. All dependencies are standard and well-known libraries. No hardcoded credentials or malicious logic are present. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscated or suspicious patterns. The overall behavior and flow are consistent with a data visualization interface.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate React component for chart configuration, with no evidence of malicious behavior or supply chain threats. It correctly manages state and user input without performing any harmful actions. The data submission to plot.ly is standard for visualization sharing. Overall, the package is safe based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}