{
  "purpose": "This code sets up HTTP and HTTPS keep-alive agents, handles command-line arguments with type parsing, provides logging functions with configurable debug levels, and exports several utility functions and configurations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from command-line arguments (process.argv) and a configuration file (require('./config.js')). It also reads environment variables indirectly via the config module.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include console.log for debugging output and the child_process.exec function (imported but not used). The console.log statements could leak sensitive info if debug mode is misconfigured, but no direct data leaks or system modifications are performed.",
  "flows": "Input from command-line args and config file influences debug logging levels and debug mode. There are no data flows leading to external systems or untrusted data manipulation beyond local logging.",
  "anomalies": "The exec function is imported but never used, which could suggest incomplete or obfuscated code, but alone does not indicate malicious intent. The code contains no hardcoded credentials or suspicious logic. No obfuscation, malicious behaviors, or backdoors are evident. The debug functions could potentially leak information if misused, but no malicious data exfiltration or system access is present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily establishes utility functions for argument parsing, logging, and configuration management. It uses standard modules and patterns. No indications of malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, system compromise, or hidden network activity are present. The presence of an unused 'exec' import might be a concern in a different context, but here it appears unused, with no malicious intent. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscation or malware signatures. The logging functions are controlled by configuration and do not perform unsafe operations.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears benign, providing utility functions for HTTP(S) connection management and logging, with no malicious behavior detected. The unused 'exec' import is noted but does not contribute to malicious activity. Overall, it poses low security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}