{
  "purpose": "This code adds source map generation functionality to a renderer, primarily for debugging purposes by embedding source maps into CSS using data URLs.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), data from the stack trace API (stacktrace-js), and CSS input via renderer.putRaw(). It also accesses window and document objects for DOM manipulation.",
  "sinks": "The code creates and inserts a <style> element with embedded source maps into the document head, and encodes source map data into base64.",
  "flows": "The enqueue function retrieves stack frames, then pushes CSS rules and source information into a queue. When flush() is called, it encodes source maps and creates a style element with embedded data URL, appending it to the DOM.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are present. The code uses standard APIs for source map handling and DOM manipulation. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a source map generator for CSS that dynamically embeds source maps into the document for debugging. It uses the stacktrace-js library to capture call site information and @jridgewell/sourcemap-codec for encoding source maps. It conditionally runs only in non-production environments, avoiding deployment in production. It creates style elements with embedded source maps via base64-encoded JSON, which is a common debugging pattern. The code does not perform any network requests, file operations, or system modifications that would indicate malicious intent. All API usages are standard and appropriate for debugging and source map embedding. No anomalies, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate source map embedding tool intended for development debugging. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It safely manipulates the DOM to embed source maps for CSS, with no suspicious or malicious code present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}