{
  "purpose": "The code is a build script for a JavaScript component library, managing tasks such as concatenation, minification, theming, and module building.",
  "sources": "Configuration files ('./config', './const', '../scripts/gulp-utils.js'), environment variables (via 'minimist' args), and file system reads (fs.readFileSync).",
  "sinks": "File output streams ('gulp.dest'), minification ('gulp-uglify'), concatenation, CSS processing, and file renaming.",
  "flows": "Source files are read from disk or input arguments, processed through various Gulp pipelines with transformations, and written back to disk or output directories.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'gulp-util' (deprecated, potentially unsafe), extensive file system operations without validation, and some string replacements in code (e.g., '@ngInject' to 'ngInject') that could be misused if combined with malicious files. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. The code executes external tools like UglifyJS and Sass without validation, but these are standard build tools.",
  "analysis": "The script performs typical build tasks: concatenation, minification, CSS processing, and module handling. No indications of malicious code insertion, network connections, or data exfiltration are observed. Usage of 'gulp-util' and direct file operations are common in build scripts but can pose security issues if the source files are compromised. No obfuscated code is present. The replacement of annotations and file reading are benign. Overall, the code is standard for a build pipeline with no suspicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a conventional build script for a JavaScript component library with no malicious intent. It handles file processing, module builds, and theming in a typical manner. No malware or malicious behaviors are identified, but the use of deprecated tools like 'gulp-util' warrants caution. Security risks are minimal in the context of a build script, assuming the source files are trusted.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}