{
  "purpose": "The code implements an HTTP/2, HTTPS, and HTTP server using Express, with route registration, request/response transformation, and error handling.",
  "sources": "File system reads for TLS certificate and key files (fs.readFileSync), environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), and route handler functions.",
  "sinks": "Network sockets for server listening, response object methods (res.send, res.header, res.status), and stream piping.",
  "flows": "File reads for certificates (source) -> server creation (sink); incoming HTTP requests (source) -> route handlers -> response methods (sink); environment variable checks (source) -> conditional logic (sink).",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns observed. Usage of fs.readFileSync is standard for certificate loading. No obfuscated code, no suspicious dynamic execution, or hidden network connections are present.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up an Express-based server supporting HTTP/2, HTTPS, or HTTP based on configuration. It reads TLS certificate and key files synchronously, which is standard for server setup. No external or untrusted data sources are evident beyond normal request data, and response handling uses standard Express methods. The environment variable usage for NODE_ENV is typical for environment-specific behavior. No evidence of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or covert channels is present. The code structure is clean, with no signs of obfuscation or unusual patterns. Logging via Winston is standard. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate server implementation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of an Express server with support for HTTP/2 and HTTPS, involving typical setup and request handling. No malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks are detected. The code appears safe based on the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}