{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Grunt task 'snockets' to generate dependency trees for JavaScript files, concatenate, and add headers/footers based on configuration, then write the processed files.",
  "sources": "User-provided file paths in 'task.filesSrc' and configuration options from 'task.options()'.",
  "sinks": "File write operations via 'grunt.file.write' with manipulated filenames and content, especially where header/footer strings are added.",
  "flows": "Input file paths -> snockets dependency resolution -> optional header/footer addition -> filename transformation -> file writing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code relies on external libraries (snockets, path). No dynamic code execution or data exfiltration observed. No obfuscated or minified code present. Configuration-driven file naming and content modification are standard behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The script registers a Grunt task that uses the 'snockets' library to analyze JavaScript dependencies. It processes each source file by resolving dependencies, optionally adds header/footer content, and writes output files to specified locations. The operations involve file reading and writing, with no untrusted data inputs beyond user-specified file paths and configuration options. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, reverse shells, or malicious code injection. The code appears to be a straightforward build tool implementation with standard practices. The use of external libraries and file operations does not inherently suggest malicious intent. No obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical Grunt task setup for dependency analysis and file manipulation, with no indicators of malicious activity or security risks. It operates based on configuration and external libraries, which are common in build scripts. No malicious behavior or security concerns are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}