{
  "purpose": "The script automates renaming and restructuring of React Native projects, including file renaming, content replacement, and moving Java and resource files.",
  "sources": "File reads from AndroidManifest.xml, strings.xml, and other project files; environment variables; user input via command-line arguments.",
  "sinks": "File system operations (reading, writing, moving files); executing shell commands ('git mv', 'mkdir', 'rm'); console logs; network calls (none explicitly shown).",
  "flows": "User inputs (new project name, bundle ID) → validation → file content replacements and renaming → moving files/directories → final confirmation and logs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code detected. The code executes project renaming tasks without obfuscation. Uses shell commands for file operations which can be risky if misused but are standard for such scripts. No obfuscated code or suspicious network activity observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a project renaming utility for React Native apps, performing file manipulations, content replacements, and directory restructuring. It reads configuration files, performs regex-based content modifications, moves files via shell commands, and logs progress. All operations are typical for project scaffolding or renaming tools. No code injections, data leaks, or malicious behaviors like network exfiltration or system sabotage are present. The usage of shell commands such as 'git mv' and 'mkdir' is controlled and related to project maintenance. There are no signs of hidden backdoors or malicious payloads. The code does not appear obfuscated or malicious; it serves a clear legitimate purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a project management utility intended for renaming React Native projects. It performs standard file and directory operations with no indication of malicious intent or sabotage. It does not contain malware or suspicious activity and poses no security threat based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}