{
  "purpose": "The code implements spatial navigation for web interfaces, allowing navigation among focusable elements via keyboard inputs, sections, and configurable behaviors.",
  "sources": "Reads input from keyboard events, DOM element attributes (like 'data-sn-' attributes), and user interactions such as clicks and focus events.",
  "sinks": "Fires custom events ('willfocus', 'focused', 'willmove', etc.) on DOM elements, manipulates focus, and scrolls elements into view. Also interacts with DOM via querySelectorAll and attribute checks.",
  "flows": "User inputs (keyboard, focus, click) trigger event handlers that process current focus, section IDs, and attributes; these handlers determine navigation targets and focus accordingly, firing events along the way.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code detected. The code uses standard event handling, DOM querying, and focus management. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution found. No network connections or data exfiltration present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured implementation of spatial navigation, utilizing standard APIs, event handling, and DOM querying. It defines functions for focus management, navigation, and section control, all consistent with typical front-end focus navigation logic. No signs of malicious behavior, such as data leaks, remote communications, or covert operations. The code does not include any external network requests or data exfiltration mechanisms. It mainly fires custom events for extension or integration. The use of event dispatching and DOM manipulation aligns with common accessibility and UI enhancement practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate spatial navigation library intended for enhancing user focus navigation on web pages. There are no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this module. It adheres to standard patterns and contains no suspicious or hidden functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}