{
  "purpose": "This code dynamically imports a local module './index' and attaches its contents to the global window object under the property 'heatmap_helpers'. It appears intended to expose library functions globally for use in a browser environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external input or data; it loads a local module './index' via require, which is a static import, not a data source.",
  "sinks": "The code assigns imported module contents to 'window.heatmap_helpers', which is a global variable in the browser environment. No untrusted data or user input is directly written here.",
  "flows": "No data flows from untrusted sources to sinks. The import is static, and assignment is direct without data transformation or external input.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex, autogenerated-looking helper functions (__createBinding, __setModuleDefault, __importStar) typical of compiled/transpiled TypeScript code. It attaches a module to the global window object, which may have implications for namespace pollution but is not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines helper functions for module binding, then imports a local module './index' using __importStar, and finally attaches the entire module to the global window object under 'heatmap_helpers'. There are no indications of obfuscation beyond the transpilation artifacts, no dynamic code execution, no network activity, and no handling of sensitive data. The purpose seems to be exposing library functions globally for client-side use. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activities are evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard transpiled module loader that attaches a local module to the global window object for browser access. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks based on its structure and content. It is likely a part of a larger application exposing helper functions. No malware signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}