{
  "purpose": "The code initializes a clustering process where worker and master processes are spawned with specific behaviors, primarily to log environment variables and then exit after set timeouts.",
  "sources": "process.argv[2] (reads command-line argument to set environment variable 'text'), process.env.text (reads environment variable 'text') within worker function",
  "sinks": "console.log (outputs environment variable 'text'), process.exit (terminates processes)",
  "flows": "Command-line argument -> environment variable 'text' -> console.log in worker -> process.exit in worker and master",
  "anomalies": "The code executes user-provided input (via process.argv[2]) without validation, which is logged directly to the console. No validation or sanitization is performed on the input. The code simply logs the input and then exits, which is benign but could be misused to flood logs or cause confusion. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code is detected.",
  "analysis": "The script requires a module located at '../../lib/clusterize' and calls it with a configuration object. The 'worker' function logs the environment variable 'text' to the console and then exits after 1 second. The 'master' function exits after 6 seconds. The environment variable 'text' is set from the third command-line argument, 'process.argv[2]'. The code does not perform any network activity, data theft, or malicious operations. It simply outputs user-controlled input and terminates processes. The lack of input validation is a concern if the logged data is sensitive or if the environment variable is used elsewhere, but as-is, it appears benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code is designed to run a clustered process with controlled exit times, logging user-supplied input. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this fragment. The main concern is the unsanitized logging of user input, which could be used for logging abuse, but no malicious activity is present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}