{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WebGL-based 3D IFC model viewer, handling model loading, rendering, interaction, styling, and clipping functionalities.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data during model load (via URL, Blob, or File), and during interaction (e.g., picking, clipping). It also loads shader source strings, which are embedded within the code.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include WebGL texture and buffer creation, shader compilation, and GPU data uploads. No direct network communication or file writing occurs within this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from model sources into binary readers, then into GPU buffers and textures. User interactions can trigger model modifications, clipping, or state changes, but these are primarily internal and do not send data externally.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The shader source strings are embedded, but they appear to be standard GLSL shader code for rendering. No code appears to perform malicious data exfiltration, network connections, or file modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive 3D viewer leveraging WebGL, with features for model loading, rendering modes, interaction, and styling. It handles binary data parsing with typed arrays, loads models via URLs or blobs, and performs GPU buffer uploads. Shader source code strings are embedded directly, used for rendering with ID-based color coding and interaction. No functions or code sections perform network communication, data theft, or system modification. The presence of shader code and binary data handling are standard for a 3D model viewer. No suspicious patterns such as hidden backdoors, system commands, or external communications are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate 3D IFC model viewer implementation with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It functions as intended for visualization and interaction within a browser environment, with no evidence of malware, data exfiltration, or sabotage. Confidence in this conclusion is high.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}