{
  "purpose": "The code provides various React components for UI elements such as buttons, modals, dropdowns, date pickers, tables, etc., primarily for frontend development with no apparent direct malicious intent.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component props, user interactions (clicks, input changes), and references to DOM elements (refs). It also imports external libraries like React, react-day-picker, and remixicon/react.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM event handlers (e.g., onClick, onChange), external library functions, and React rendering outputs that could be exploited if input data is maliciously crafted.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs or external props into component state or DOM event handlers, then possibly into external libraries or DOM manipulations. No evidence of data being sent over the network or stored maliciously is present within this code.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard React UI component implementations with no suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. It contains conventional patterns for dropdowns, modals, date pickers, and other UI elements. No unusual code patterns, dynamic eval, or code injection mechanisms are detected. External imports are well-known libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines React components for UI elements, handling user interactions and rendering. It employs standard practices such as useRef, useState, useEffect, and event handlers. There are no signs of malicious behaviors like network connections to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, reverse shells, or hidden backdoors. The only notable aspect is the use of external libraries for icons and date picking, which are common in frontend projects. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or obfuscated code are found. The code structure and content are consistent with typical open-source React UI libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a collection of UI components with no evidence of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It is a standard React codebase for building user interfaces, with no hidden malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}