{
  "purpose": "The provided code is a collection of React components for UI elements and utilities, such as buttons, dropdowns, modals, date pickers, and tables, intended for use in a web application's frontend. It appears to be a standard UI library with no explicit malicious intent.",
  "sources": "Sources include React component props, imported libraries (react, react-router-dom, remixicon/react, date-fns), and external data passed into components via props (e.g., options, selected values, input values). There are no direct data input sources like user input outside controlled components, and no network requests or environment variable reads are observed.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include DOM elements rendering user interface, state updates via React hooks, and event handlers (onChange, onClick). No direct data leaks, external network communications, or file system modifications are present in this code snippet.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props (such as options, selected items, input values) into components, with user interactions (clicks, input changes) updating React states, which then update the DOM. There are no indications of data being sent to external servers or malicious data manipulation within this code.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code patterns such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or backdoors are evident. The code follows standard React and JavaScript practices. No code executes dynamic code generation, eval, or similar functions that could suggest obfuscation or malicious behavior. Minified or transpiled code is not present; the code is readable and structured.",
  "analysis": "A thorough examination of the code reveals it consists of UI component definitions with typical React hooks, props, and event handling for common UI behaviors. There are no signs of malicious payloads, external network requests, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The code makes use of standard libraries and patterns without any suspicious logic. The inclusion of components such as date pickers, modals, dropdowns, and file uploaders are typical for web frontends. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code segments are found. The code appears to be a legitimate UI component library, with no evidence of supply chain attacks or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React component library intended for frontend UI rendering, with no malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks detected. It contains no network activity, data leaks, hardcoded credentials, or obfuscated malicious code. The code is well-structured, readable, and uses common practices, indicating low likelihood of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}