{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Jalali (Persian) calendar utility for Node.js, providing functions to get today's, yesterday's, and tomorrow's dates in Jalali calendar, convert between Gregorian and Jalali dates, and retrieve month and weekday names.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include system date/time via JavaScript's Date object, and input parameters for conversion functions (year, month, day, format, style).",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks for untrusted data leading to data leakage, system commands, or external network communication. No output is sent to network, file system, or environment variables.",
  "flows": "The code primarily reads system date/time; no external untrusted input flows into critical functions beyond date parameters in 'convert'. The data flow remains internal, with no evidence of external data exfiltration or manipulation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code is straightforward, with no unusual or obfuscated code. The require statement points to an external file 'jalaliDate.js', but its content is not provided; assuming it performs date conversions. No suspicious behaviors or unusual code constructs are detected.",
  "analysis": "The module provides date calculations and conversions without involving user input from untrusted sources or network communication. The functions operate on system date/time or passed parameters. There are no dangerous operations such as executing system commands, accessing environment variables, or network requests. The reliance on an external 'jalaliDate.js' for date conversion is standard practice and does not indicate malicious intent. The code structure and logic are clear and conventional.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign date utility library for Jalali calendar operations. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or security risks based on the provided code. It appears to be a standard, non-malicious implementation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}