{
  "purpose": "The code implements a class for downloading and managing FFmpeg binaries from a remote mirror, with support for progress display and caching.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration options such as mirror URL, version, platform, architecture, and flags for caching and progress from the options object; uses environment variables for platform and architecture.",
  "sinks": "Constructs download URL from user-configurable mirror and version; downloads files to a specified destination path.",
  "flows": "Uses options to generate a URL; checks for existing files or caches; downloads from the constructed URL; saves to the local path.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. The code dynamically constructs download URLs based on user-supplied options but performs validation on version strings. No obfuscated or minified code. The logic is straightforward and does not include any suspicious behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class for downloading FFmpeg binaries with configurable options such as mirror URL, version, platform, and architecture. It performs standard file existence and cache checks before attempting to download. It handles network errors related to DNS lookups and uses environment variables for platform and architecture, which is standard. No suspicious or malicious actions such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or malicious code injections are detected. The URL construction is based on user options, but there are no indications of malicious redirection or backdoors. Overall, the code is a legitimate download utility with no signs of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a remote binary downloader with caching and progress display features. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or malicious code patterns. There are no indicators of supply chain attacks or malware. The logic is clear and intended for legitimate use.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}