{
  "purpose": "The code appears to generate and search for blockchain wallet addresses matching a specific string pattern, likely for address vanity or vanity address generation purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads input seed data from function parameters, and generates new seeds using Wallet.generateSeed(). It also reads wallet address data via Wallet.new() and address.toLowerCase().includes().",
  "sinks": "Uses console.log() to output matching addresses. Calls Wallet.new() and Wallet.generateSeed() which could internally involve cryptographic operations. No direct data leaks or external network calls are observed.",
  "flows": "Input seed (user-supplied or generated) flows into Wallet.new() to generate wallet addresses, which are then checked for pattern matches. Matching addresses are logged to the console.",
  "anomalies": "The code implements a recursive search for specific address patterns, which is common for vanity address generation. No suspicious or malicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are evident. The recursive approach might be inefficient but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script repeatedly generates wallet addresses from a seed, checking if the address contains a specific string. If not matched, it increments an index or generates a new seed to continue the search. Errors in address generation lead to new seed generation. The code uses a try-catch for error handling, which is reasonable. The process appears solely for vanity address generation without any hidden malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or external network activity. The use of Wallet and its functions seems to be legitimate for wallet management, assuming the library is trustworthy.",
  "conclusion": "The code is intended for vanity address generation, performing recursive searches for addresses matching a specific pattern. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected. The code is straightforward and focused on address pattern matching, with no evidence of malicious intent or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}