{
  "purpose": "This script is designed to download prebuilt binaries for the iohook library based on the current platform and specified targets, handling configuration via environment variables and package settings.",
  "sources": "Data is read from environment variables (npm_config_targets, npm_config_platforms, npm_config_arches), package.json (supportedTargets, version), and system info (process.env, process.versions, process.platform, process.arch).",
  "sinks": "Downloads are fetched from a URL using the 'nugget' module with potential proxy settings, and files are written to the temporary directory. Data flows from these sources into the download and extraction process.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and package data determine target platforms; the code constructs download URLs, fetches tar.gz files, and extracts them into specific directories. These downloads could potentially be manipulated if proxy or URL is maliciously altered.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code uses standard modules and processes. The only notable activity is network download based on configuration, but no suspicious or malicious behavior is evident. Error handling is standard; no obfuscated or unusual code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code fetches configuration from environment variables and package info, constructs URLs for downloading prebuilt binaries, and handles the download and extraction process. Proxy settings are obtained from npm configuration, which is standard. No obfuscated code or malicious payloads are identified. The download URL is constructed from trusted parameters; no direct code injection, data leakage, or backdoors are evident. The process appears to be a typical prebuild installer with configurable options, following common patterns for such scripts.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs legitimate prebuild downloading and extraction for a node package, with configurable environment and package-based parameters. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks are identified. The code appears safe with respect to supply chain attacks based on the provided snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}