{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to process and adapt CSS stylesheets for different device widths and orientations, including media query adjustments, prefix handling, and conversion of pixel units to rem units based on certain configuration parameters.",
  "sources": "Reads CSS files specified in the files array, and extracts CSS content through grunt.file.read(). It also reads configuration options passed into the adapter function.",
  "sinks": "Outputs the processed CSS content via grunt.file.write() to specified destination files.",
  "flows": "Reads input CSS files -> Processes content (removes comments, converts px to rem, adjusts media queries and style rules) -> Writes transformed CSS to output files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors detected. The code extensively manipulates CSS and media queries but does not perform any network requests, system modifications, or data exfiltration. No obfuscated or suspicious code structures are present. The regex for media and keyframes extraction appears standard for CSS parsing.",
  "analysis": "The script is a CSS processing utility focused on responsive design adjustments, with functions for unit conversion, media query handling, and prefix management. It includes regexes for CSS syntax parsing, media query interpretation, and keyframe adjustments. No external network requests, file system alterations outside reading/writing CSS files, or hidden code execution are present. The code does not handle sensitive information or perform any malicious operations. It does not include hardcoded secrets or credentials. The functions for CSS manipulation are typical and safe. The regex patterns are for parsing CSS syntax, not obfuscated or malicious patterns. No anomalies suggest malicious intent. The code's overall purpose and flow are clear and benign.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a CSS stylesheet processor aimed at responsive design adaptation, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It performs expected operations for CSS transformations, unit conversions, and media query adjustments. The absence of network activity, data exfiltration, or system sabotage indicates low security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}