{
  "purpose": "This code processes CSS files to adapt styles based on media queries, device widths, and prefixes, performing transformations such as converting px to rem and adjusting styles according to configuration parameters.",
  "sources": "Reads CSS files from specified file paths; extracts CSS content, media queries, keyframes, and style rules using regex patterns.",
  "sinks": "Outputs transformed CSS content via grunt.file.write; does not send data over network, or write to system files outside the CSS output process.",
  "flows": "Reads input CSS files -> Parses and modifies CSS rules and media queries -> Applies conversions and adaptations -> Writes transformed CSS back to destination files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code execution detected. The code heavily relies on regex parsing and string manipulation without evaluating untrusted input beyond CSS content. No obfuscated code or malicious payloads are evident. The code does manipulate CSS styles dynamically, but this is part of its intended functionality. No network or system-level malicious actions identified.",
  "analysis": "The script is a CSS adapter for media queries and style modifications, utilizing regex to parse CSS components, adjusting style values based on configuration parameters such as min/max widths and device orientation. It performs conversions like px to rem and adjusts CSS rules accordingly. It reads input files, processes content, and outputs transformed CSS files. The code does not include any network communication, system modification, or hidden behaviors. It is primarily a style transformation tool. No signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious payloads are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate CSS processing utility aimed at style adaptation based on device parameters. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. Its complexity is solely related to CSS parsing and transformations, with no suspicious or harmful operations detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}