{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a self-invoking function that defines and exports a large set of utility functions, primarily for functional programming tasks such as map, reduce, filter, etc., similar to a utility library like Underscore.js or Lodash.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from various internal variables, function parameters, and module imports. It does not read untrusted user input directly in this snippet.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain explicit sinks where untrusted data could be directly leaked or cause effect, such as network requests or file operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows mainly within the utility functions for data manipulation. There are no external flows to network or system resources identified.",
  "anomalies": "The code is minified, but no obfuscated language features, dynamic code execution (like eval), or hidden backdoors are evident. No hardcoded credentials or unusual behavior detected. The code structure is consistent with a utility library. No suspicious string manipulations or hidden code segments are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified, large utility library implementation, likely for functional programming helpers, with exports for functions such as map, reduce, filter, etc. The initial part is a standard module pattern, setting up exports and importing dependencies. The content aligns with known utility libraries; no indications of malicious behavior such as network requests, data exfiltration, or code injection are present. The code is intentionally minified, which makes detailed readability difficult, but the overall structure is consistent with a utility library rather than malicious code. No hidden or obfuscated malicious activity found.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a minified utility library, similar to Lodash or Underscore.js, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It appears to be a standard functional programming helper library without malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}