{
  "purpose": "This code appears to set up an Express.js router with group-based route handling, controller directory resolution, and error handling.",
  "sources": "Requires 'express', 'path', and dynamically requires controller modules from a specified directory.",
  "sinks": "Calls to 'require' for controllers, method overrides on Express Router, and potential use of untrusted route parameters in error messages.",
  "flows": "Input (controller directory, route definitions) flows into requiring modules and configuring routes, which are then used in Express application.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; code uses dynamic requires and prototype manipulations. No suspicious network calls or hidden backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard JavaScript and Express patterns for setting up route groups. It includes helper functions for object inheritance and prototype management, likely for compatibility. The router configuration involves dynamically requiring controller modules from a specified directory, which could be risky if the directory path is externally controlled. However, the code itself does not contain any network activity, data leaks, or malicious payloads. The dynamic require could be misused if the input path is untrusted, but in this context, it appears to be a configuration detail. There are no signs of malware, such as data exfiltration, command execution, or backdoors. The code includes error handling for missing controllers and handlers, but these are standard and do not pose a security threat.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical Express.js route grouping setup with dynamic controller loading. There are no indications of malicious behavior or malware. The only potential security concern is the use of dynamic 'require' with external input, which should be sanitized if user-controlled. Overall, the code appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 1
}