{
  "purpose": "The code implements a client-side JavaScript object for handling file uploads to a Node.js server via Socket.IO, including chunked file transmission, event handling, and optional data wrapping.",
  "sources": "Reads user input files via HTMLInputElement, drag-and-drop events, and configuration options for upload settings.",
  "sinks": "Uses socket.emit to send file upload progress, start, done, and error messages to server via Socket.IO channels; dispatches custom events for internal handling.",
  "flows": "File input or drag-and-drop → loadOne function initiates FileReader → reads chunks → transmits via socket.emit → server responses trigger callbacks → events dispatched or wrapped data sent.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network domains. The code utilizes standard libraries for base64 encoding and does not perform any obfuscated or dynamic code execution. The wrapData option is configurable but appears to serve legitimate data structuring purposes. No hidden or malicious functions are detected. It handles files securely and manages events appropriately.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive implementation of a client-side file uploader using Socket.IO, with chunked uploads, event dispatching, and optional data wrapping for structured messaging. It adheres to standard patterns, and all external calls (like socket.emit) are typical for socket-based communications. The base64 encoding library used is open-source and unmodified, with no signs of malicious alterations. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The wrapData functionality offers flexibility but does not inherently indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, legitimate client-side upload utility with no suspicious behaviors or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate client-side file upload handler with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It securely manages file uploads, event handling, and optional message wrapping, and uses standard libraries and practices. No malicious or suspicious activity is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}