{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom web component 'sws-scrollable-container' for a scrollable container with visual indicators and notifications, primarily for UI enhancement.",
  "sources": "The code reads window.innerWidth, window resize events, and DOM elements via shadow DOM queries. It also processes component properties and attributes.",
  "sinks": "It updates styles dynamically via CSS custom properties, manages event handlers for resize and scroll, and manipulates DOM styles for shadows and notifications.",
  "flows": "Input data from window resize events and user interactions (scroll), affecting style properties and notification display. Resizing triggers reinitialization of scrollability and shadows.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are detected. The code primarily handles UI rendering and state updates. No network requests, data exfiltration, or suspicious DOM manipulations are present. The code includes standard import and require statements, and only uses public APIs and libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a scrollable container web component using LitElement, with features like custom styles, resize handling, and visual indicators. It utilizes throttleDebounce for performance, which is common in UI components. No signs of obfuscation, malicious payloads, or external data transmission are present. The only external dependencies are 'tslib', 'lit', and 'throttle-debounce', which are standard libraries. The code does not perform any network calls, access sensitive system info, or execute dynamic code from untrusted sources. Overall, it appears to be a benign UI component with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured UI component for a scrollable container with visual indicators, implemented with standard libraries and no suspicious or malicious behavior. It does not exhibit malware traits or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}