{
  "purpose": "This code implements a pedometer algorithm for detecting steps in accelerometer data using a peak counting method, including optional debugging output for visualization.",
  "sources": "Data sources include 'accelerometerData' and 'attitudeData' input parameters, which are arrays of sensor readings. The code reads all input data but does not process untrusted inputs directly within its scope.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs debugging data to the console in MATLAB/Octave format when enabled. It does not perform network communication, file operations, or system modifications. It returns an array of detected step indices.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from parameters into vertical component extraction, smoothing, and peak detection logic. Debug output flows to console when enabled. The main data flow is from input arrays to the 'steps' array returned.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behaviors are present. The code uses standard libraries ('kinetics', 'filters') and performs legitimate calculations for peak detection. There are no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated elements.",
  "analysis": "The code processes accelerometer and attitude data to detect steps by extracting vertical components, smoothing signals, and applying peak detection with thresholding. It manages windowing and peak validation with configurable parameters. Debug output is optional and primarily for visualization. There are no signs of malicious logic such as network activity, data exfiltration, or unauthorized system access. The overall structure is straightforward, following common signal processing techniques.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a pedometer algorithm with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It only processes and outputs data relevant to step detection. There are no security risks or malware indicators within this code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}