{
  "purpose": "This code is the HTML5 Shiv library, designed to enable support for HTML5 elements in older versions of Internet Explorer by creating and styling unknown or non-supported elements.",
  "sources": "It reads data from the document object by creating elements, document fragments, and inserting style sheets. It also reads options from the global window.html5 object.",
  "sinks": "It writes style sheets into the document's head, modifies document's createElement and createDocumentFragment methods, and creates DOM elements and fragments.",
  "flows": "Input options and document data flow into functions that modify or extend document creation methods and insert style sheets. These modifications enable older browsers to recognize HTML5 elements, with no evidence of data being sent externally or other malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code such as network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors. Usage of 'evil:true' in jshint comment is harmless and related to linter configuration. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or dynamic code execution observed. The code performs standard DOM manipulations for compatibility, with no malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The script detects browser support for HTML5 elements and unknown elements, then patches document methods to support these elements in legacy browsers. It conditionally injects CSS styles for layout fixes. The code uses feature detection and DOM manipulation to ensure compatibility, avoiding any network calls, data collection, or harmful modifications. The only notable point is the use of a 'supportHtml5Styles' flag to conditionally add style sheets, which is benign. No anomalies or suspicious behavior identified. The code appears solely as a compatibility shim for legacy browser support.",
  "conclusion": "This is a benign, widely used library intended for legacy browser support, with no malicious behavior or security risks identified. It only modifies DOM methods locally to add support for HTML5 elements in old IE versions. Overall, it is safe to use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}