{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Worker class that manages child processes for executing scripts in a controlled environment, with event handling for communication, errors, and process lifecycle management.",
  "sources": "Requires external modules ('child_process', 'path', 'debug') and imports local modules ('./enum/process.state', './enum/process.message.type'). Reads process.argv for flags.",
  "sinks": "Uses childProcess.fork to spawn subprocesses, and sends messages to these processes via process.send. Listens for messages from child processes to handle script results or errors.",
  "flows": "Process initialization and forking → message listening from child process → messages with types (READY, RETURN, SCRIPT_ERROR) → handling and deferring results or errors → communication back to child processes to run scripts.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears standard for a process manager; no hardcoded credentials, suspicious command execution, or obfuscated code. The child process runs a script ('script.runner.js') which is dynamically resolved. No external network communication or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes and manages child processes for executing scripts, handling message events, errors, and process lifecycle. It uses well-defined messaging patterns with message types for readiness, results, and errors. The process spawn command is based on a local script, with no dynamic or unsafe command execution. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious logic detected. The code is structured, uses standard modules, and appears to be a legitimate process control setup without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate process manager for executing scripts in child processes. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks within this module. It uses standard practices for process control and messaging. No anomalies or malicious signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}