{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React component for data sorting, filtering, and pagination in a JavaScript application, primarily for UI data management.",
  "sources": "Reads data from 'props.data', user input from 'props.searchQuery' or controlled inputs, and manipulates internal state for sorting, pagination, and search queries.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'matchSorter' for filtering data, 'lodash.sortby' for sorting, and React's 'setState' for updating component state; no direct data leaks or insecure operations identified.",
  "flows": "Data is sourced from props, filtered via 'matchSorter' based on search queries, sorted with 'sortBy', and paginated; state updates control UI behavior, with no external untrusted data flow beyond React props and internal inputs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code performs typical React component logic for data handling. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution detected. Licensing comments and source map URL are benign and standard.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component for managing sorted, filtered, and paginated datasets. It uses well-known libraries ('match-sorter' and 'lodash.sortby') for data operations, and React's lifecycle methods and state management. No suspicious or malicious behavior, no unusual code constructs, or hidden backdoors are present. The component's logic aligns with standard practices for data tables. There are no signs of malware, data exfiltration, or malicious network activity. It does not process or handle sensitive information such as credentials or environment variables. The code appears to be legitimate, open-source, and safe.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React component for data sorting, filtering, and pagination without any signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It relies on open-source libraries for data operations and performs typical data handling tasks. No malicious activity or security vulnerabilities are evident from the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}