{
  "purpose": "This code configures a Rollup build process for compiling TypeScript files from the 'src' directory into JavaScript modules in the 'dist' directory, with minification and source maps.",
  "sources": "Reads all '.ts' files in the 'src' directory using 'glob', processes their paths, and loads them for bundling; uses environment variables and imported modules for configuration.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'terser' plugin for minification, which could potentially be exploited if malicious code is injected into source files; no other direct sinks are present.",
  "flows": "The glob function collects source files; paths are processed and converted; the files are passed through TypeScript compilation and minification; output written to 'dist' directory.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors detected; code follows standard build configuration patterns. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscated code. Use of plugins and file processing appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward Rollup configuration script that dynamically includes TypeScript source files for bundling. It utilizes well-known plugins ('@rollup/plugin-typescript' and '@rollup/plugin-terser') for compiling and minifying code, respectively. The path manipulations are standard for handling source files, and no suspicious or malicious patterns are detected. The code does not contain any hardcoded secrets, hidden network connections, or backdoors. The use of 'glob' for file collection is typical in build scripts. Overall, the script appears to be a standard build setup without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard build configuration for a TypeScript project using Rollup. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or security risks based on the analysis. There are no anomalies, backdoors, or suspicious patterns. The risk level is minimal.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}