{
  "purpose": "The provided code is a comprehensive React component library focused on UI elements such as buttons, icons, navigation, and select inputs, utilizing styled-components and third-party libraries. Its primary purpose is to facilitate building user interfaces in React applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported libraries (react, styled-components, ramda, react-select, react-swipe, etc.), component props, and internal state. It does not read external or untrusted input sources beyond typical React props or library functions.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with DOM elements (e.g., event listeners, refs) and external libraries for rendering UI components. There are no indications of data leakage, network requests, or system modifications. No direct sinks for untrusted data or system commands are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and internal state to UI components. There are no source-to-sink flows involving untrusted data that could cause injection or leaks. Event handlers manage UI interactions locally without external data transmission.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code heavily relies on standard React patterns and well-known libraries. There is no obfuscation, dynamic code evaluation, or code that manipulates system files or network connections. The code appears structured, conventional, and safe.",
  "analysis": "Step-by-step analysis shows the code constructs UI components with styling and behavior, manages user interactions, and uses external libraries for select components, icons, and navigation. No code segments perform network requests, access environment variables, or execute system commands. It strictly handles UI rendering and user event management. No anomalies or malicious patterns such as data exfiltration, remote control, or sabotage are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React UI component library with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It functions to enhance UI development with styled components and third-party libraries. No malicious behaviors or security risks are identified within the provided code segment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}