{
  "purpose": "The code provides a collection of React components, styled-components, theme configurations, and icon SVGs for building a frontend UI, including navigation, buttons, selects, messages, and icons.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from theme configuration objects, SVG icon definitions, and component props. It also imports external libraries such as React, styled-components, react-select, and ramda, which are standard dependencies. No direct user input or external data sources are evident within the code snippet.",
  "sinks": "The code renders UI components and SVGs; no direct data sinks like network requests, file operations, or system modifications are present. Props passed to components could be untrusted, but no unsafe handling or usage is demonstrated within this code.",
  "flows": "The code flows involve rendering components based on props and theme objects, styling with styled-components, and SVG icon definitions. No source-to-sink data flows involving untrusted input leading to security risks are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code, hardcoded secrets, or hidden behaviors are apparent. The theme object is extensive but contains no sensitive information. SVG icons are static and do not perform any malicious actions. There are no dynamic code executions or eval-like constructs. No suspicious network or file system operations are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines UI components, themes, styled-components, and SVG icons using React and styled-components libraries. It includes utility functions for theme merging and prop type validation. The code imports external libraries that are standard for React projects. There is no evidence of code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible. The SVG icons are static graphics, and component logic is straightforward. The dependencies are well-known packages; no signs of dependency hijacking or malicious tampering are present within this snippet.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard React frontend UI library with theme configurations, styled-components, and static SVG icons. There are no indicators of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks within this code fragment. It appears safe and appropriate for use in a frontend application.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}