{
  "purpose": "This code provides a collection of React components, styled-components, icon SVGs, and utility functions intended for a UI library or application interface, including navigation, buttons, icons, select inputs, and layout components.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component props, external SVG icon definitions, and some imported dependencies such as React, styled-components, and ramda functions.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily outputs UI elements and styles; no direct data leaks or insecure data handling are evident. No external network requests, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props and internal states to rendered UI elements, styled components, and SVG icons. There are no flows that involve untrusted external sources leading to sensitive sinks such as network calls, file operations, or system commands.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are detected. The code contains numerous icon SVGs, style definitions, and component compositions, which are typical for a UI library. No signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or secret triggers are present. External dependencies are standard libraries and icons, with no suspicious imports.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured as a typical React component and style library, utilizing styled-components for styling and SVGs for icons. It defines themes, UI components (buttons, selects, navigation, icons), and utility functions. No code segments perform network requests, access environment variables, or execute system commands. The only dynamic behavior involves rendering UI elements based on props and internal state, with no suspicious data flow. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The SVG icons are static and intended solely for UI purposes. The dependency imports are standard and do not contain malicious code. Overall, the code appears to be a benign UI component library with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a React UI component library focused on styling, icons, and layout components. It does not contain any malicious behavior, network activity, or security risks. It appears to be a standard, well-structured UI toolkit without sabotage or malware indicators.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}