{
  "purpose": "This code provides a collection of React components, styled-components, and utility functions for building a UI library, including icons, navigation, buttons, and form inputs. Its main purpose is to facilitate UI development with consistent theming and styling.",
  "sources": "The code reads static assets (Logo SVG, icons), component props (e.g., 'children', 'style', 'className'), and environment variables (via process.env.NODE_ENV). It also imports external libraries such as React, styled-components, react-select, and ramda.",
  "sinks": "The code renders DOM elements and React components, potentially accepting untrusted props or data, but does not contain explicit data sinks that could leak data externally. No network requests, eval, or code execution functions are present.",
  "flows": "The code flow is primarily static rendering of React components and styling, with no dynamic data flows involving untrusted input beyond typical React props. There are no source-to-sink paths indicating data leaks or malicious actions.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets. The code includes some SVG icons and a theme object. It also defines a global windowSchema mock object, but it is a benign placeholder with no active event handlers or network calls. No obfuscated or minified malicious code is present.",
  "analysis": "The initial code sets up theming and styled-components for UI consistency, importing React and utility libraries. Multiple icon components are defined with SVG paths, which are static and standard. The components like Button, Select, Navigation, and Drawer are typical UI elements with no dynamic or external data manipulation. The inclusion of a windowSchema object is a benign fallback for server-side rendering or testing environments, not executing any malicious behavior. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or network requests was observed. The code relies on React best practices and does not perform any suspicious actions such as data exfiltration or system manipulation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React UI component library focused on styling, theming, and iconography. It contains no indicators of malicious intent or sabotage. All data flows and components are typical for a frontend UI library, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}