{
  "purpose": "The code manages a movie database stored in Azure Table Storage, performs search queries to an external movie database API, and updates or deletes entries based on certain conditions.",
  "sources": "Data is read from Azure Table Storage entities, incoming request parameters (implied), and external API responses.",
  "sinks": "HTTP response writes, console logs, Azure table delete and insert operations, data parsing from external APIs.",
  "flows": "Azure table queries → conditional logic → external API requests (themoviedb.org) → JSON parsing → database update/insert or delete → response writing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials found in the visible code. The API key for themoviedb.org is dynamically referenced via 'local.video.settings.tmdbApiKey' but could be hardcoded elsewhere. Use of 'escape' function for query parameters is deprecated, but this isn't malicious. No suspicious backdoors or unusual code patterns detected. No obfuscated or minified code. The code performs network requests and database operations in a typical manner without hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code reads data from Azure Table Storage and external API responses, processes and updates the database accordingly. It makes HTTPS requests to an external movie database API using an API key stored in local settings, which could be a point of exposure if not secured properly, but no hardcoded secrets are visible. The network calls and database operations are typical for such applications. There is no evidence of malicious data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The data flows are straightforward. The only minor concern is the deprecated use of 'escape' for URL parameters, which is not malicious but indicates outdated coding practices. Overall, the code appears to be standard application logic without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical backend service managing a movie database with external API integration. No malicious behavior, malware, or supply chain threats are evident. It performs legitimate data management and external API calls without suspicious or harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}