{
  "purpose": "Manage and update movie records in Azure Table Storage, including querying, deleting, and enriching data via external API calls to themoviedb.org.",
  "sources": "Azure Table Storage queries, external HTTPS API requests to themoviedb.org, input parameters like sourceFile, fileList, and configuration variables for API keys.",
  "sinks": "Database insertions/deletions, network requests to external domains, console logs, and response writes to processResponse.",
  "flows": "Query entities from Azure -> Check file existence -> Make API requests to themoviedb.org -> Parse JSON responses -> Insert new records into Azure -> Log and respond accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "Use of deprecated 'escape()' function for URL encoding instead of 'encodeURIComponent()'. No input validation or sanitization for external inputs. No obfuscation or minification present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard data management operations with external API integration. No malicious code, backdoors, or malware signatures are evident. The primary concern is the outdated use of 'escape()' for URL encoding, which should be replaced with 'encodeURIComponent()'. API keys are sourced externally, reducing risk of hardcoded secrets. Network requests target legitimate domains. JSON parsing is straightforward, with no signs of malicious payloads. The code lacks input validation, which could be improved, but this does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code's behavior aligns with benign data processing and API consumption.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate media database management script with no evidence of malicious activity or malware. The main issues are best practices (updating URL encoding functions) and input validation enhancements. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is approximately 0.2, reflecting outdated practices but no active threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}