{
  "purpose": "This source code appears to be a utility library for CSS-in-JS styling, color management, media query handling, and responsive design utilities. It provides functions and classes to generate CSS rules, handle color shades, media queries, and breakpoints, primarily for styling purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads input from user-defined theme configurations, media query strings, color strings, and style definitions. Uses regex to parse style and color strings for transformations.",
  "sinks": "Generates CSS strings and media queries from inputs, which could potentially be influenced by untrusted data. The code processes color strings, style tokens, and media query parameters that may be derived from user input, but the transformations are primarily formatting and mapping.",
  "flows": "Inputs such as style tokens, color names, media queries, and custom style definitions flow through regex matching, mapping functions, and class methods to produce CSS output strings. Color functions convert color names or shades to RGB strings, style tokens are mapped to CSS rules, and media queries are constructed via macros and screen definitions.",
  "anomalies": "No evidence of malicious behavior such as network activity, system modifications, or data exfiltration. The code heavily relies on regex replacements and mappings for style generation, but these are standard for CSS utility libraries. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No dynamic code evaluation or eval statements observed. The color functions perform color lookups and conversions without external dependencies or data leaks.",
  "analysis": "The code is a complex styling utility that handles color mappings, media queries, style tokens, and CSS rule generation. It uses regex matching for transforming style strings and color names into CSS-compatible formats. The class structures facilitate styling logic, but all operations are confined to string manipulations, lookups, and mappings. There is no evidence of network activity, data collection, or external malicious code execution. The functions and classes are consistent with CSS utility libraries, and no suspicious patterns such as dynamic code execution or backdoors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a comprehensive CSS utility library focused on style generation, media queries, and color handling. It appears benign with no signs of malicious intent or malware. The code performs expected functions for styling purposes without external or hidden malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}