{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a React component that includes CSS styling and functionality related to zooming and dragging interactions within a DOM element.",
  "sources": "Reads React library via require or define calls, accesses DOM elements for styling and interaction, and potentially reads external CSS styles.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM styles and attaches event listeners for mouse and wheel events, affecting DOM elements directly.",
  "flows": "React library imported → DOM elements selected and styled → Event listeners for drag and zoom actions attached → User interactions modify DOM styles for zoom and position.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains obfuscated variable names and complex dynamic style injection. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are evident. The CSS and interaction logic seem typical for UI components. No hidden code or unnecessary dynamic execution is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a React-based UI component with styling injected dynamically. It manages zoom and drag interactions on a DOM element, with event listeners for mouse and wheel events. The CSS is injected via style tags, and the component maintains state references for user interactions. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system disruption. The obfuscation is limited to variable names and minified style code, which is typical for CSS-in-JS solutions. The code does not communicate externally or access environment variables, nor does it contain suspicious network calls or system modifications.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a React UI component implementing zoom and drag functionality with dynamic CSS styling. It does not exhibit malicious intent, malware behavior, or security risks based on the provided fragment. The obfuscation is superficial, primarily due to minification and variable naming, with no indication of malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}