{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a React-based user interface with various components such as dialogs, buttons, toggles, and layout elements. Its primary purpose seems to be rendering an interactive web page with dialogs, toast notifications, and responsive design.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from React hooks (useState, useRef), component props, and event handlers (e.g., onClick, onChange). It also imports several local components and utility functions, notably for UI rendering.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include event handlers like onClick, onChange, and functions such as sendToast. These can handle user input and trigger UI updates or notifications. No direct data leaks or external data transmissions are visible.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions (clicks, toggles) through React state updates and event handlers. For example, clicking buttons triggers toast notifications or opens dialogs. State variables like 'checkbox' or 'switchChecked' influence UI component rendering.",
  "anomalies": "The code is largely standard React component setup with styled-components for responsiveness. No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are observed. The imports are typical and focused on UI components. No obfuscated or malicious code structures are present.",
  "analysis": "The code uses common React patterns for UI rendering, event handling, and styling. It imports local components for UI elements such as buttons, dialogs, and icons. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network calls to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The code manages state and UI interactions responsibly without dangerous patterns or external data transmissions. The styling and layout logic serve a typical responsive design purpose. No signs of obfuscation or malware are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React application for UI rendering with no malicious behavior detected. It responsibly handles user interactions, manages state, and displays components accordingly. No malicious code, backdoors, or security risks are evident based on this analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}