{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a React-based JavaScript application for a user interface, involving dialogs, buttons, toggles, and responsive layouts. Its main purpose is to render a UI with interactive elements like buttons, checkboxes, switches, and dialogs, possibly for a web application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from user interactions such as checkbox clicks, switch toggles, and button presses. It also imports modules and components, some of which may load assets or external scripts.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include event handlers that could process untrusted input (e.g., onClick events), and dynamic rendering that could be exploited if input data were malicious. The code does not include direct network requests, eval, or code execution functions, but the imported components and handlers could be exploited if compromised.",
  "flows": "The data flow involves user interactions triggering event handlers (e.g., onClick) that update component states and invoke functions like sendToast or open dialogs. These flows are typical for UI interactions and do not indicate malicious data exfiltration or command injection.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive use of styled-components for responsive layouts and standard React patterns. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious URL requests, or backdoors are evident. The code does include some verbose boilerplate for module imports and ES module compatibility but nothing inherently malicious. No obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution, and no suspicious variables or functions are present.",
  "analysis": "Step-by-step analysis indicates that this code is primarily a UI rendering component built with React. It imports several UI components and manages state for toggles, dialogs, and tabs. The code employs standard React hooks and event handlers without any obfuscated logic or hidden code. There are no external network calls, no eval or Function constructors, and no suspicious variable names or patterns. All imported modules appear to be for UI purposes. The dialog and toast functions are typical for user feedback and do not exhibit malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. The style components and responsive design logic are standard. The overall structure and content strongly suggest a legitimate front-end React application without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a typical React front-end application for rendering UI components with user interactions. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is safe based on the provided code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}