{
  "purpose": "This code provides internal utility functions for parsing, cleaning, and formatting metric-related strings and numbers, particularly for NEAR and Gas measurements. It supports parsing strings with metric prefixes, converting numbers to human-readable formats, and handling metric prefix mappings.",
  "sources": "Data inputs originate from user-provided strings to functions like parse() and clean(). External dependencies like 'bn.js' are imported for arbitrary-precision arithmetic.",
  "sinks": "Data is processed internally; no direct sinks for untrusted data are present. The only potential concern is the parsing of user input strings, which are handled securely within the functions.",
  "flows": "Input strings are cleaned and parsed, with metric prefixes identified and converted into magnitudes. Parsed numeric strings are assembled and returned for further use. Formatting functions convert internal numeric representations into human-readable strings.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. The code strictly performs utility operations related to string and number formatting and parsing, with no network, file, or system modification actions.",
  "analysis": "The code includes functions for parsing metric-prefixed numerical strings, cleaning input strings by removing commas, underscores, and leading zeros, and converting big numbers into human-readable formats with metric prefixes. It uses 'bn.js' for handling large numbers and employs regular expressions for pattern matching. No code injects data into external systems, executes dynamic code, or performs any suspicious activities. The functions are self-contained, with no side effects or hidden behaviors. All dependencies are well-known libraries used for numerical operations.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be purely utility functions for parsing and formatting measurement strings and numbers. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware. The code is straightforward, with no network activity or system manipulation, and no suspicious anomalies detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}