{
  "purpose": "This source code provides React components and utility functions for rendering and interacting with Bezier curves, including a UI for editing control points and visualizing the curves. It appears to be part of a UI plugin for animation or easing functions.",
  "sources": "Reads no external untrusted input directly; uses React hooks, styled components, and internal state management. It does not include network requests or external data sources.",
  "sinks": "No evident sinks that lead to data leaks or external communication. UI rendering and internal computations are the primary activities.",
  "flows": "User interactions (dragging control points) update internal state via onUpdate callbacks, which modify curve control points. No external data flow is observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex mathematical calculations for Bezier curves but no suspicious logic or hardcoded secrets. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hidden backdoors are present. No apparent malicious behavior, such as network activity, data theft, or system modification.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly consists of mathematical functions for Bezier curve calculations, React components for UI visualization, and plugin configuration. It uses standard React hooks and functional components. No network calls, file operations, or environment variable access are present. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected. The use of common libraries like React, react-use-measure, and plugin is typical for UI components. The code is well-structured, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent. All functions perform transparent calculations and UI updates, aligning with expected behavior for a curve editor plugin.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate React-based UI plugin for editing Bezier curves, with no signs of malicious activity, supply chain attacks, or security risks. It is safe to use based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}