{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript class 'Resolution' that processes and prefixes CSS media queries related to resolution, such as 'min-resolution' and 'max-resolution', for use in CSS prefixing for cross-browser compatibility.",
  "sources": "User or external input is indirectly involved via the 'rule' object, which contains 'params' that are modified by this code. The code reads 'rule.params' to process media queries.",
  "sinks": "The code generates new strings for CSS media queries, which are added back to 'rule.params'. No direct data sinks such as network, file, or database operations are present. No untrusted data is sent or stored outside the scope.",
  "flows": "Input from 'rule.params' flows through regex parsing and string replacement, then outputs modified queries into 'rule.params'. There are no external data or system calls involved.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code behaviors such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. The code uses standard regex and string manipulation without obfuscation or dynamic code execution. The 'Fraction' library is used for unit conversion calculations, which appears legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The code is focused on processing CSS media queries related to resolution. It uses regex patterns to identify resolution queries and then prefixes or modifies them according to specified browser prefixes. The 'Fraction' library is used to handle precise unit conversions, which is appropriate for CSS calculations. There are no signs of data leakage, code injection, or malicious network activity. The code operates entirely within the scope of CSS query processing. No secrets or credentials are hardcoded. The code is well-structured, uses straightforward logic, and relies on standard libraries and practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate CSS prefixing utility that processes resolution media queries. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks. It performs predictable, safe string processing for cross-browser CSS support.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}