{
  "purpose": "The code implements a singleton global event emitter for managing object-specific events and handlers.",
  "sources": "Object methods such as 'on', 'off', 'fire', and 'clear' that read input parameters (id, eventName, handler, args).",
  "sinks": "The 'fire' method invokes handlers with arguments; handlers could be malicious if they perform harmful actions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (id, eventName, handler, args) flow through methods; 'fire' invokes handlers with 'args' which may be untrusted.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, no suspicious dynamic code execution, and no obfuscated code are present. The use of setTimeout with 'handler' could delay malicious code execution, but this alone is not suspicious. No external network calls, no data leaks, or system modifications are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an event emitter managing event subscriptions and firing events for objects identified by 'id'. It provides methods for subscribing ('on'), unsubscribing ('off'), firing events ('fire'), and clearing handlers ('clear'). Handlers are stored in a map and invoked asynchronously via setTimeout. The code does not perform any network operations, file system access, or external interactions. There are no signs of malicious payloads, backdoors, or secret data handling. It relies on external handler functions, which could be malicious if provided by an untrusted source, but the emitter itself does not introduce malicious behavior. The use of setTimeout to invoke handlers is standard and not suspicious. Overall, the code appears to be a straightforward event management utility with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard event emitter implementation without malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities based on static analysis. The handlers executed can be malicious if supplied by an untrusted source, but the emitter itself is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}