{
  "purpose": "This code is a test suite for verifying the functionality of obtaining an access token from a service, specifically for login to a service called 'waad'. It tests successful token retrieval and various failure cases with incorrect credentials.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from the 'config' module, particularly tenant ID, application principal ID, and symmetric key. It also reads input parameters directly in test cases for simulating failures.",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly write untrusted data or handle untrusted input in a way that leads to data leaks or security effects. The tokens and credentials are used as test inputs; there are no data sinks that could leak information outside the test environment.",
  "flows": "Input data from the 'config' module or test case parameters flows into 'auth.getAccessToken' calls, which process them to obtain tokens or errors. The flow does not involve untrusted external sources or outputs beyond logging errors.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies such as hardcoded secrets beyond the test credentials (which are typical in test code), no suspicious network activity, or hidden behaviors. The test code uses standard libraries and straightforward assertions.",
  "analysis": "The code performs a set of unit tests on the 'auth.getAccessToken' function, passing in valid and invalid credentials to verify proper error handling and successful token retrieval. The credentials are stored in a configuration module, which is common in testing scenarios. The code uses standard assertions and logging, with no obfuscated or suspicious code patterns. No external network activity or data leakage mechanisms are evident. All inputs are used strictly for testing, with no indications of malicious intent or malicious code execution.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard test suite for authentication functionality, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It primarily tests the handling of valid and invalid credentials within a controlled environment. No malware indicators, suspicious data flows, or anomalous code patterns are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}