{
  "purpose": "This code defines a heatmap visualization library using HTML5 canvas and integrates with Leaflet.js for map overlays. Its purpose is to create, manipulate, and render heatmaps based on geospatial data points.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through the 'data' and 'add' methods, which accept arrays of data points or individual points. It also reads DOM elements for canvas creation and map container sizes.",
  "sinks": "The code renders visual output on canvas elements, which could potentially be misused if combined with untrusted input for rendering malicious visuals, though no direct data leaks are evident. No network or file system access is performed.",
  "flows": "Data points are added via 'add' or 'data' methods; these are processed during '_redraw' to generate heatmap visuals on the canvas. The flow involves input data being stored in '_data', then visualized in 'draw' through rendering and colorization.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code or suspicious hard-coded secrets. The code dynamically creates canvases and processes data without any obfuscation or hidden code. No network connections, credential use, or backdoors are detected. The code appears standard for a heatmap library.",
  "analysis": "The script is a straightforward implementation of a heatmap visualization tool. It includes methods for setting data, adjusting visual parameters, and rendering on a canvas within a Leaflet map overlay. The use of 'shadowBlur', 'shadowColor', and color gradients is standard for visual effects. It leverages typical DOM and canvas APIs. No signs of malicious behavior, code injection, or privacy leaks are identified. The code does not perform any network requests, file access, or system modifications. Its structure and operations align with legitimate visualization purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical heatmap visualization library with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It appears to be an open-source component intended for mapping applications. No malware, suspicious behaviors, or security risks are detected based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}