{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript module that creates a 3D avatar component with customizable features, model replacement, and animation controls using the Oasis Engine library.",
  "sources": "Input data includes URLs for models, textures, and animations set through property setters; resource loading via engine.resourceManager.load; and user interactions that trigger model replacements.",
  "sinks": "Resource loading functions, mesh/material manipulations, and property setters that update textures, models, and animations. These are typical for 3D model management but do not directly handle untrusted input in a harmful way.",
  "flows": "Input URLs (sources) trigger resource loads; loaded assets are applied to materials, meshes, or animations (sinks). The component manages these flows through async functions that modify scene entities and materials based on resource data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. No obfuscated code, malicious network connections, or hidden system manipulations detected. The resource loading and property setters are standard for 3D model customization.",
  "analysis": "The code involves loading 3D models, textures, and animations via URLs, then replacing or modifying parts of a 3D scene graph. All resource loading is performed through the engine's resourceManager, which is typical for game or visualization engines. No network connections, data exfiltration, or malicious system commands are evident. The code lacks any suspicious dynamic code execution, eval, or obfuscated patterns. It mainly performs scene and model management tasks with standard API calls. It does not handle user input insecurely nor process untrusted data in a manner that could lead to injection or data theft.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical 3D avatar component implementation that manages models, textures, and animations. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It operates within expected patterns for such components, with no signs of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}