{
  "purpose": "This code manages module loading and dependency resolution, including dynamic requiring of modules and handling of assets like images.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the 'require' calls, especially in the dynamic load functions and module require statements.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data handling occurs at the dynamic require calls, such as in the 'e' function that loads modules based on runtime parameters.",
  "flows": "The flow involves reading module names or URLs from inputs, then dynamically requiring modules or assets, which could be exploited if inputs are untrusted or manipulated.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic 'require' with runtime parameters and URL parsing functions to determine base URLs or bundle URLs. No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors. The code is structured with module loaders typical of bundlers like Parcel.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a module loader with functions to resolve module dependencies, load modules dynamically, and handle assets like images. It uses functions to get bundle URLs and base URLs via stack trace analysis and URL parsing. The dynamic 'require' calls are a common pattern in bundlers, but they can be risky if external input influences the module names. However, here, the module names appear to be controlled internally or from assets, not from untrusted sources. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network exfiltration, system modifications, or hidden backdoors. No obfuscated or malicious code detected. The code appears to serve legitimate module loading purposes with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard module loader generated by a bundler, handling module dependencies and assets dynamically. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks in its current form. No suspicious signals or anomalies detected beyond normal bundler patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}