{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React Native component called ProgressPie, which renders a circular progress indicator with optional animation and styling. It is used to visually represent progress within an application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component props such as 'progress', 'rotation', 'size', 'borderColor', 'color', 'unfilledColor', and 'children'. It also accesses imported modules like React, PropTypes, and '@react-native-community/art'.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts primarily with rendering components and styles; it does not perform network operations, file I/O, or system commands. No untrusted data is sent or written outside of rendering context.",
  "flows": "Input props (progress, rotation, style, colors) flow into rendering logic, determining the visual state of the progress pie. No data flows into or from external sources beyond component inputs; rendering is purely visual.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious constructs are present. The code uses standard React Native and JavaScript features, with no dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious external calls.",
  "analysis": "The component defines a visual progress indicator with animated and static options, utilizing React Native's animated API and third-party art components. It processes input props for rendering parameters but does not handle external data sources or perform any data manipulation beyond style calculations. There are no signs of malicious code, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code structure is standard, and all imported modules are common in React Native projects. No anomalies or suspicious behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React Native component implementing a circular progress indicator. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this code fragment. It functions solely for rendering visual progress UI elements.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}