{
  "purpose": "This code defines a collection of higher-order functions, utilities, and method extensions for functional programming in JavaScript, providing tools for composing, transforming, and manipulating functions and data sequences.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data mainly from function arguments and internal variables. It also references external modules via require('./to-function.js'), but does not appear to handle external input sources directly.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of Function.apply and Function.call for executing functions with arguments, and the dynamic invocation of functions generated or transformed through partial application and composition. No direct data leak points or external network interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function arguments through various transformations, compositions, and predicate checks. No external data or untrusted input is processed in a way that leads to external leaks or malicious effects. Internal data manipulations are contained within the code scope.",
  "anomalies": "The code features extensive extension of Function.prototype with methods like bind, curry, partial, uncurry, and various prefiltering functions. It includes references to global variables (_). The 'require' statement imports an external module './to-function.js', which is not provided, potentially harboring malicious code, but its presence alone is not suspicious. The code is heavily obfuscated in structure and formatting, but not in content or language features. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive library of functional programming utilities, extending core JavaScript Function and Array objects with numerous methods for composition, currying, partial application, and filtering. It uses dynamic function generation and invocation mechanisms, which, while complex, are typical for utility libraries. The presence of require('./to-function.js') suggests dependency on an external module, which could introduce risk if malicious, but cannot be confirmed without that code. No evidence of data exfiltration, network communication, or malicious payloads such as system manipulation or cryptomining is found. The code does not perform any system or network operations, nor does it contain hidden or backdoor behaviors. Its obfuscated appearance is due to the extensive method chaining and dynamic function definitions, not deliberate malicious concealment.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a large utility library designed for functional programming in JavaScript. It contains no explicit malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware indicators. The reliance on an external module ('./to-function.js') warrants further review for security, but within this code, no security risks are apparent. Its complex structure and widespread prototype extensions may pose maintainability concerns but do not imply malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}