{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive set of functional programming utilities, extending native JavaScript prototypes and offering higher-order functions, composition, and utility methods. It is intended for use as a utility library rather than malicious code.",
  "sources": "Reads from function arguments, global variables, object properties, and external module 'require('./to-function.js')'. Uses 'Function.toFunction' which may involve dynamic code evaluation.",
  "sinks": "Applies functions to data, invokes methods via 'apply' and 'call', modifies prototypes, and dynamically creates functions. No network, file, or system modifications are observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows through function applications, prototype modifications, and dynamic function creation. No malicious data flow or payloads are evident.",
  "anomalies": "Use of external dependency 'to-function.js', extensive prototype modifications, reliance on 'Function.toFunction' which likely involves 'eval', and global extension of Function.prototype.",
  "analysis": "The code is a utility library for functional programming, with no explicit malicious behavior. The main concern is the external module 'to-function.js' and the use of 'Function.toFunction', which may evaluate strings. The code is transparent and not obfuscated. The reliance on dynamic code evaluation introduces potential security risks if the implementation is insecure or if untrusted input is processed. Prototype modifications could also pose risks of pollution or conflicts, but these are common in such utility libraries. Overall, no active malware or backdoors are detected, but the trustworthiness of external components and dynamic eval mechanisms should be verified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility library with minimal security risks primarily stemming from external dependencies and dynamic code evaluation. No malware or malicious intent is evident. The scores assigned in the reports are consistent with the code's behavior, with a low malware score (0) and a slightly elevated risk score (~0.2-0.4) due to reliance on potentially unsafe dynamic evaluation. Ensuring the external 'to-function.js' module is secure and implemented safely would mitigate the main risks.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}