{
  "purpose": "This code provides mathematical operations and transformations related to vectors, quaternions, and rotation matrices, likely for graphics or physics computations in 3D space.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from function parameters such as vectors v, w, matrices m, and options objects. It also reads constants like epsilon and strings_1.stringifyDefaults.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include mathematical results (e.g., equals, norm, dot, conjugate, inverse) which do not pose security risks. No code writes untrusted data or performs network operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (vectors, matrices, options) through mathematical functions to produce results. No external network or system commands are invoked. No untrusted data sources lead to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for mathematical quaternion and vector operations with clear naming and structure. No obfuscated code, hidden functions, or suspicious logic are present. No hardcoded credentials or external system access observed.",
  "analysis": "The code contains vector and quaternion mathematical functions, including normalization, conjugation, inverse, dot product, and rotation matrix conversions. It uses well-known formulas and constants. There are no signs of data leaks, network communication, or malicious system commands. The code is structured, readable, and performs typical geometric calculations. No dynamic code execution or suspicious imports are present. Constants and functions align with standard mathematical operations for 3D transformations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of 3D vector and quaternion mathematics, with no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage. It appears safe and intended for mathematical computations relevant to graphics or physics. No malware or security risks are identified based on this review.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}