{
  "purpose": "The code initializes and renders a 3D scene using THREE.js, with user interface elements like progress bars, buttons, and VR controls, for a visual demonstration or application.",
  "sources": "User input via keyboard ('keydown' events), mouse clicks ('click' event), and camera interactions (raycaster for object selection).",
  "sinks": "Updating UI elements (progress bars, labels) based on user interactions; invoking scene rendering and control updates.",
  "flows": "Keyboard/mouse events trigger functions that update progress bar values or toggle gradients; user interactions with scene objects trigger selection; updates are animated via TWEEN; rendering occurs with VR effects.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains use of external libraries (THREE.js, TWEEN, lodash, MV components) with no evident malicious code. No hardcoded credentials, network activity, or data leaks are observed. The use of random number generation for progress values is benign and part of UI behavior. No suspicious code for system manipulation, data exfiltration, or backdoors detected. Event handlers and animation logic are typical for a WebGL application.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily sets up a 3D scene with UI controls and event handling for interaction. It includes standard practices like resize handling, user input event listeners, and scene updates. There are no signs of code injection, malicious data handling, or hidden network activity. All third-party library usage appears legitimate, focused on rendering and UI. The code uses randomness for UI updates, which is normal. No suspicious or obfuscated patterns are present; the code structure is clear and consistent with a visual demo or interactive interface.",
  "conclusion": "This code does not exhibit any malicious behavior or supply chain security risks. It is a straightforward implementation of a 3D scene with UI controls for visualization purposes. The risk scores are low, and the confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}