{
  "purpose": "This code implements a JavaScript-based Haar feature detection library for object detection tasks, primarily aimed at face detection or similar computer vision applications.",
  "sources": "Reads image data via HTMLCanvasElement's getImageData, input images or video elements, and optional user-defined callback functions.",
  "sinks": "Potentially writes processed data into internal object properties, invokes callback functions, and performs operations like drawing on canvas; however, no direct data leaks or network operations are present.",
  "flows": "Image data is read from images or videos, processed into integral images and features, then passed through detection algorithms. Results are stored in object properties and passed to user callbacks. No external network or system calls are made.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code is structured for image processing and detection without any obfuscated or unnecessary dynamic code execution. No signs of malicious privacy violations, credential theft, or data leaks. The included parallel.js library is used for parallel detection processing but is not exploited maliciously. All functions perform legitimate image analysis tasks.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive implementation of Haar-based object detection, with functions for integral image calculation, feature grouping, and detection workflows, including parallel and asynchronous execution options. The code appears to be well-structured, with clear separation of concerns and no signs of obfuscation or hidden malicious behavior. No network operations, file system access, or system-level commands are present. The code’s data flow involves reading image pixels, performing computations, and invoking callbacks. The inclusion of parallel.js is for performance optimization, not malicious activity. Overall, the code aligns with legitimate computer vision processing tasks without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate Haar feature detection library intended for object detection in images and videos. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. The code is well-structured for its purpose and exhibits no signs of sabotage or hidden malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}