{
  "purpose": "This code implements a JavaScript-based Haar feature detection library for object detection, specifically for face or similar feature detection, based on Viola-Jones algorithms. It provides functions for image preprocessing, detection, and grouping of detected features.",
  "sources": "Reads image data via Canvas's getImageData, accesses image or video element properties for width and height, and processes integral images and canny edge data; also reads detection parameters such as scale, region selection, and thresholds.",
  "sinks": "Uses integral images, canny edge maps, and detection parameters for processing; does not appear to directly send data over network, write files, or execute external commands.",
  "flows": "Reads image input -> computes integral and canny images -> applies detection algorithms across image regions -> outputs detected feature rectangles; no evidence of data flow to external servers or data exfiltration points.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. The code primarily implements standard image processing and detection routines. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscated parts are present. Uses parallel.js for optional parallel processing, which is a legitimate library. No hidden network requests or data leaks are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code performs image processing (grayscale conversion, integral image calculation, Canny edge detection) and applies Haar cascade classifiers for object detection. Detection parameters are configurable, and the implementation supports parallel execution. The detection process involves typical source-to-sink flow for image analysis, with no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or hidden backdoors. The code appears to be a standard implementation of Haar cascade detection in JavaScript, with well-defined functions for image processing, detection, grouping, and feature management. No malicious or sabotage elements are identified during step-by-step review of functions, variable use, or data handling.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate Haar feature detection library for JavaScript with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs standard image preprocessing and feature detection tasks without any suspicious side effects, external network interactions, or malicious payloads. The code is well-structured and adheres to typical implementation patterns for such algorithms.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}