{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for deep merging objects and classes for managing loan schedules and calculations, including amortization, payments, and interest computations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from object properties, environment-like configurations, and method parameters. It also imports external modules for utility functions and data models.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe operations include object property assignments, calculations involving dynamic values, and exporting modules, but no direct sinks like network requests or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from object parameters and configurations into calculation methods, then into output structures such as headers and schedule data. There are no evident external data sinks or dangerous data flows.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. The code uses standard object merging, class methods, and static calculation functions. The large data URI is likely source mapping info, not malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines utility functions for deep object merging and a class 'LoanSchedule' with associated static methods for financial calculations. It imports other modules for data models and configuration. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network activity, system modification, or data exfiltration. The data URI at the end appears to be source map data, which is typical for debugging purposes, not malicious activity. The logic is straightforward, centered on financial computations, with no obfuscated or suspicious code patterns. The overall structure and content suggest this code is benign, intended for financial schedule generation.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard library for loan amortization and schedule calculations. No malicious activity, malware, or suspicious behavior is detected. The source map URI is normal for debugging. Overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}