{
  "purpose": "This source code appears to define a set of utility functions and classes for loan schedule calculations, including methods for computing monthly payments, insurance, and amortization tables. It also exports constants for transaction types and configurations for generating loan amortization data.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from class constructors, method parameters, and external configuration objects. It also accesses the current date for calculations.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data input points include method parameters such as 'e', 'a', 'n', and configuration objects passed to functions. Output data is generated as calculated loan schedules and headers, which are returned or exported.",
  "flows": "Input data (loan settings, amortizations, configurations) flow through class methods, especially 'mapValues', 'getYears', and static calculation functions, ultimately generating loan schedule arrays and headers for further use or display.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code uses standard JavaScript features and common financial calculations. No obfuscation, malicious network calls, or hidden behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines constants for transaction types and headers, then a class 'o' ('LoanSchedule') with methods to generate headers and amortization data based on provided loan settings. Static methods compute monthly payments, insurance, and dynamic values, all of which are typical financial calculations. The functions depend on input parameters and current date, but do not include any suspicious or malicious operations such as network requests, file operations, or environment variable leaks. The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of loan schedule generation with no signs of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard financial utility for calculating and generating loan amortization schedules. It does not contain malware, suspicious behaviors, or security risks. It safely performs expected calculations without any malicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}