{
  "purpose": "This source code defines utility functions and classes for managing loan schedules, including amortization calculations, headers, and year data. It appears to be part of a financial application or library.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from input parameters in class constructors, static methods, and functions like loan settings, amortizations, and configuration objects. It also accesses current date and year information.",
  "sinks": "The code does not appear to write data to external sources or perform network operations. It primarily processes data internally and provides outputs via class methods.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (loan settings, amortizations, configuration) into methods like getHeaders, getYears, and mapValues. These functions process and compute values such as year headers, year values, and amortization totals without external data sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code behaviors are present. The code uses common JavaScript features, dynamic property access, and static method calls in a straightforward manner. No obfuscated code or malicious patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a utility module for loan amortization calculations, including static methods for financial computations such as monthly payments, interest, and insurance. It employs recursion for deep object merging and provides methods to generate headers and yearly amortization data. All functions perform standard financial calculations with clear input and output flows. No suspicious or malicious patterns, external data leaks, or malicious behaviors are detected. The code's structure and logic are consistent with legitimate financial calculations.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a standard financial utility library focused on loan schedule computations. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks within this module. It functions as intended for its domain, with no anomalies or suspicious behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}