{
  "purpose": "This code extends the JavaScript Number class by adding custom mathematical operator methods for enhanced numeric operations.",
  "sources": "No explicit external data sources; the code reads no external input, only defines methods on Number prototype.",
  "sinks": "Methods added to Number.prototype that perform mathematical operations, but they do not involve untrusted data handling or external effects.",
  "flows": "The code assigns fallback functions to the Number prototype methods, which operate solely on the Number instances and parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The fallback functions are basic mathematical operations. No external network calls or data leaks are present. No obfuscated code or unusual language features.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily modifies the Number prototype to include various operator-like methods such as plus, minus, multiply, divide, and comparison functions. It defines a compare function used in the comparison methods. The applyNames function assigns these methods to Number.prototype if they are not already present, ensuring standard mathematical operations are available via named methods. The code operates entirely within the scope of adding utility functions and does not perform any data input/output, network activity, or system modifications. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data leaks, or malware. The fallback functions are straightforward, safe mathematical computations. The code appears to be intended for enhancing numerical operations with named methods, possibly for more readable or expressive code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility that extends JavaScript's Number class with additional mathematical methods. It contains no malicious intent, no suspicious behavior, and poses no security risks. Its purpose is purely to add convenience methods for mathematical operations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}