{
  "purpose": "The code defines a class for invoking AWS Lambda functions with specified credentials and configurations, and includes methods to handle cloud event data and invoke Lambda functions accordingly.",
  "sources": "Environment variables for AWS credentials (accessKeyId, secretAccessKey, sessionToken, endpoint, region). Inputs include cloud event objects and function names.",
  "sinks": "Sending payloads via AWS SDK's client.send method; potential data leakage if payload contains sensitive info; exceptions thrown on errors.",
  "flows": "Source: environment variables and input cloud event data → process credentials and event details → invoke AWS Lambda via SDK → handle response or error.",
  "anomalies": "Use of environment variables for credentials is standard but can be risky if exposed; no suspicious hardcoded secrets detected. The code dynamically constructs AWS credentials, which is typical for AWS SDK usage. No unusual or malicious code patterns such as data exfiltration or backdoors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code securely initializes AWS credentials from environment variables, providing necessary validation. It defines a class for invoking AWS Lambda functions with configurable parameters. The invoke method processes a cloud event, performs validation, and calls the Lambda invoke API. Error handling is straightforward. No obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious network activity is evident. The code relies on external SDKs and environment variables for credentials, which is standard. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, malicious payloads, or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of an AWS Lambda invocation utility, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It properly handles credentials and error states, adhering to standard practices. No malicious behavior or malware signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}