{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Vue.js modal component called 'TbModal' with customizable content and appearance, intended for use in web applications to display modal dialogs.",
  "sources": "The code reads props ('buttonText'), data ('showModal' ref), and DOM elements (e.g., document.head for style injection). It also accesses slots for header, body, footer content, and handles user interactions like clicks.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the event handling for opening/closing the modal via show/hide state, and style injection into the document's head. No untrusted data is directly written to sensitive sinks like network, filesystem, or system commands.",
  "flows": "User interactions (clicks) change the 'showModal' state, which triggers rendering of modal overlays and content. Style injection occurs once during script execution. No external data flows or network activity are evident.",
  "anomalies": "Code includes a series of helper functions (_slicedToArray, _arrayWithHoles, etc.) for array destructuring, which appear to be boilerplate or transpiled code. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments are detected. The style injection is standard. No obfuscation or unusual code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Vue.js component for a modal dialog with standard props and reactive state management. The helper functions are typical of transpiled ES6+ code, not malicious. Style is injected dynamically; this is normal for component styling. Event handling for modal toggling is straightforward. No network requests, system modifications, or suspicious data flows are found. Overall, the code appears to be a typical, benign Vue component implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a standard Vue modal component with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It contains typical boilerplate transpiled functions and handles user interactions safely. No malware or security concerns are detected based on this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}