{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for color conversions between various color models such as RGB, CMYK, HSL, HSV, and Hex, including brightness calculations and hex sanitization.",
  "sources": "The functions receive input data via parameters such as color component values or hex strings. No external data sources or user input parsing beyond function parameters are present.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive sinks include the return of color strings in hex format and RGB objects, but these are standard for color utility libraries and do not process untrusted external data beyond input parameters.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (e.g., color component values or hex strings) through conversion functions (like hexToRgb, rgbToHsl, etc.) to produce color representations. No untrusted data is used to influence system behavior beyond standard computations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code is purely computational with no network, filesystem, or environment variable access. The hexToRgb and sanitizeHex functions perform input validation and sanitization, reducing risk of injection or malicious input processing.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises well-defined color conversion functions using standard algorithms. Input validation in functions like hexToRgb and sanitizeHex mitigates malformed input issues. There are no dynamic code execution, network operations, or external system interactions. No suspicious or malicious behaviors are detected. The functions are deterministic and purely computational. The code structure and logic are consistent with a typical color utility library, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a benign utility library for color conversions and computations. It performs standard operations with input validation and sanitization, without any suspicious or malicious behavior. There is no evidence of malware, backdoors, or security risks within this module.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}