{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for converting between various color representations such as CMYK, RGB, Hex, HSL, HSV, and calculating perceived luminance. It appears intended for use in color manipulation or display applications.",
  "sources": "Functions accept input parameters such as color component values, hex color strings, and perform conversions. No direct data input from external sources or user input beyond function parameters is evident.",
  "sinks": "Conversions output color data as strings or objects; no data leaks or external network interactions are present. No sinks that send untrusted data to external systems are identified.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through conversion functions, transforming color representations internally without external data dependency or side effects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are detected. The code contains standard color conversion algorithms and a sanitization utility. No obfuscated or dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive set of color utility functions, with proper handling of edge cases such as invalid hex strings and bounds checks for color component values. The functions perform standard mathematical operations for color space conversions, and include validation steps such as sanitizing hex input and bounds checks in hue-based conversions. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote network activity, or code injection. The presence of a sanitization function for hex strings is appropriate and not suspicious. The overall structure is straightforward, with no dynamic code execution or obfuscation. The code seems safe for use in color processing contexts.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a collection of color conversion utilities with proper input validation and no malicious or suspicious behavior detected. It functions solely for color manipulation purposes and does not contain malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}