{
  "purpose": "The script adds client-side sorting functionality to a coverage summary table in a web page, allowing users to sort table columns dynamically.",
  "sources": "Document query selectors for table, thead, tbody, and th elements; attribute access for 'data-col', 'data-nosort', 'data-type', and 'data-value'. No external data sources are accessed.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation functions such as innerHTML updates, className modifications, and appending/removing DOM elements; event listeners attached to UI elements for sorting interactions.",
  "flows": "Event listener triggers sorting functions; user clicks on UI elements (th or associated sorter span), leading to sorting of rows based on data stored in 'loadRowData' function. No untrusted data flow from external sources.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns detected. The code uses standard DOM methods, event handling, and data attribute manipulation. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network activity are present. The code does not perform any data exfiltration or system modification.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes by querying the DOM for a table with class 'coverage-summary'. It loads column metadata based on data attributes, and for each row, it caches data values for efficient sorting. The sorting mechanism compares data stored in row objects and rearranges DOM rows accordingly. Event handlers are set up on sortable column headers, toggling sort order upon click. The code strictly manipulates the DOM to provide sorting functionality without external network requests or system modifications. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are found. The code's structure and behavior align with a standard client-side table sorter.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a straightforward, non-malicious implementation of client-side table sorting. No malicious intent, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code performs expected DOM manipulations for UI behavior only. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}