{
  "purpose": "This code implements various linear algebra operations and polynomial root-finding algorithms for symbolic computation, including eigenvalue/eigenvector calculations, matrix decompositions, and polynomial root analysis.",
  "sources": "Inputs are obtained from function parameters such as 'polynomial', 'matrix', and 'eigenvalues'. The code reads matrix elements and polynomial coefficients during calculations. Global variables like 'globalThis.factorsMap' are also read.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include callback functions invoked with computational results, which could potentially be exploited if malicious code is injected into callbacks. The code also manipulates symbolic expressions and matrices, but does not directly write to external systems, files, or network.",
  "flows": "Input data (matrices, polynomials, eigenvalues) flows into functions; results such as eigenvalues, eigenvectors, decompositions, and polynomial roots flow into callback functions or are returned. Callbacks may execute arbitrary user-defined code, representing a potential execution point for malicious payloads if provided externally.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns indicative of malicious sabotage are present. The code performs legitimate mathematical computations. The extensive use of symbolic expressions and matrix operations, along with callback invocation, could be exploited if malicious callbacks are supplied, but this is a standard design pattern in such libraries. No obfuscation, code injection, or covert data exfiltration is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code provides advanced mathematical functionalities such as eigenvalue and eigenvector calculations, matrix decompositions, polynomial root finding, and matrix diagonalization. It utilizes symbolic expressions, matrices, and polynomial factorization. The logic includes reading input matrices and polynomials, computing roots or eigenvalues, and invoking callbacks with the results. Global variables are used for storing factors, but no external network or file operations are performed. The only potential security concern is that callback functions are invoked with computed data; if these callbacks are externally supplied and malicious, they could execute arbitrary code. The code does not contain malicious instructions like system commands, network calls, or file manipulations, and no signs of obfuscated or malicious code snippets are present. The code appears consistent with mathematical computation purposes and does not exhibit sabotage or malware behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a mathematically oriented linear algebra and polynomial root-finding library. It does not contain any malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. The primary concern is the use of callback functions, which could execute arbitrary code if supplied maliciously, but this is a typical pattern in such libraries. Overall, the code is standard for symbolic mathematics with no suspicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}