{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a collection of React components, styles, and utility functions used for building a web UI, including navigation, modals, buttons, cards, and layout elements.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), document attributes, and includes inline styles and external assets (SVGs, images). It also reads user interactions such as clicks and mouse events.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leak points include environment variables, document attributes, or user input handling. Notably, there are no explicit network requests or data transmissions observed. The code does not write to system files or perform system commands.",
  "flows": "The code flow primarily involves rendering React components and handling user interactions such as clicks, toggles, and hover events. No untrusted data flows into dangerous sinks like eval or system commands.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. All code appears to be UI-related, style definitions, and React component logic. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present. No indicators of malware such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or cryptomining are found.",
  "analysis": "A thorough review of the code reveals standard React component implementations and CSS styling with media queries for responsiveness. It uses environment variables and DOM attributes in a typical manner. No suspicious network activity, hidden backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code manages UI state and user interactions without executing or transmitting sensitive data. The environment variable checks and document attribute reads are standard practices. No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or malicious code patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical React-based UI component library and layout code with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not perform any suspicious network communications, data exfiltration, or system modifications. The overall security risk score is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}