{
  "purpose": "The provided source code appears to be a React-based UI component library, including various React components, styles, and utility functions for building a frontend application. Its purpose is to facilitate UI rendering, styling, and interaction.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules (react, react-prop-types), environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), and component props and state. It also accesses DOM elements via document.body and uses MutationObserver. It loads external SVG assets for logos and icons. Styles are injected via CSS strings into the document.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network calls via window.open (for links), DOM manipulations (style injection, class toggling), and console logging. The code opens external URLs in new tabs for GitHub, LinkedIn, npm, and project links. There are no indications of code execution from untrusted sources or malicious script injections.",
  "flows": "Data flows mainly through React component props, state variables, and environment variables. User interactions (clicks, toggles) update component state. External links are opened via window.open. Styles are injected into the document. No dynamic code evaluation, eval, or Function constructor usage is detected. MutationObserver monitors DOM attributes but does not execute external code. SVG assets are static.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. No obfuscated code or unusual language features detected. The code appears to be a standard React component library with extensive styling and layout components. No suspicious network activity, reverse shells, or data exfiltration routines are evident. Environment variables are used for environment detection, which is common.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of React components, style injections, and UI layout logic. It loads static assets for logos and icons, uses environment variables to determine production or development modes, and manages internal state for UI toggles. Network actions are limited to opening external links via window.open, which are expected in frontend code. MutationObserver usage is for DOM monitoring, not code execution. The code does not contain dynamic code evaluation or malicious functions. No hidden or malicious behaviors are found.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a typical React component library focused on UI layout, styling, and interaction. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware signals are detected. The security risk is minimal, primarily related to external link handling, which is standard in frontend applications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}