{
  "purpose": "Utility module for handling file extension changes, output rule application, and executing JSX compilation/linking commands within a build process.",
  "sources": "Reads input files (file parameter in functions), requires modules ('path', 'temporary'), and uses 'grunt' utility for configuration and execution.",
  "sinks": "Spawns external processes ('jsx', 'jsx-linker') via grunt.util.spawn; executes commands that may process or compile files; uses 'require' to load modules dynamically.",
  "flows": "Input file paths and options flow into functions that generate command-line arguments; arguments are passed to external commands ('jsx', 'jsx-linker') for execution; temporary files created and linked during process.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Usage of 'temporary' module for temp files is typical but warrants caution. No network activity or data exfiltration observed. No obfuscated code. Functions seem standard for build tools.",
  "analysis": "The code manages file name transformations, output rules, and runs external JSX-related commands through 'grunt'. It reads input file paths, constructs command arguments based on options, and spawns subprocesses to run build steps. The use of 'require' for standard modules ('path', 'temporary') and 'grunt' utilities is normal. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious network activities are detected. External command execution is contained within expected build workflows. The temp files are managed and unlinked appropriately. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate build utility module with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build utility for processing JSX files using external commands. No malicious behavior or malware is evident. The functions are well-structured for their purpose, with no signs of sabotage or security risks. The malware score is 0, security risk is low, and confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}