{
  "purpose": "The code dynamically evaluates the 'options' parameter using 'new Function' and then passes the result to a minify function.",
  "sources": "The 'options' parameter, which is used as input to 'new Function' for evaluation.",
  "sinks": "The 'new Function' call, which executes arbitrary code derived from 'options'.",
  "flows": "Input 'options' flows into 'new Function', which executes it, then the resulting object flows into the minify function.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'new Function' to evaluate untrusted input without sanitization or validation.",
  "analysis": "The code uses 'new Function' to evaluate 'options', which can execute arbitrary code if 'options' is untrusted. This pattern introduces a severe security vulnerability, as malicious input could lead to remote code execution. The code does not sanitize or restrict 'options', making it unsafe in untrusted contexts. The potential for malicious activity is high, although the code itself is straightforward and not obfuscated. The security risk score should be very high, close to 1, due to the danger of executing untrusted code. The malware score should be increased from 0.5 to reflect the potential for malicious payloads, ideally to around 0.7. The obfuscation score remains 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. Overall, the pattern is dangerous and should be refactored to avoid dynamic code execution with untrusted input.",
  "conclusion": "The code contains a critical security flaw due to unsafe dynamic evaluation of 'options' via 'new Function'. This pattern can lead to remote code execution if 'options' is controlled by an attacker. The current scores appropriately reflect the high security risk, but the malware score should be increased to better represent the potential for malicious activity. The code should be refactored to eliminate the use of 'new Function' or to strictly sanitize 'options' before evaluation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.7,
  "securityRisk": 0.9,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}