{
  "purpose": "The code appears to process image data, perform occlusion and heatmap visualization, likely for visual analysis or machine learning interpretability tasks.",
  "sources": "Reads image data from an HTML Canvas element; reads width and height properties; reads image pixel data; reads external heatmap values; reads configuration parameters from function arguments.",
  "sinks": "Writes modified image data back to Canvas; creates and manipulates image buffers; draws heatmap overlays onto canvases; calls external async function calc_score; slices and manipulates pixel arrays.",
  "flows": "Image data is read from the canvas; occlusion colors are computed based on mean pixel colors; occlusion weights influence pixel modifications; heatmap samples are added based on calc_score; occlusion restoration restores original image data after scoring; heatmap visualization is drawn on canvas; multiple region loops process different parts of the image.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are evident. The code performs standard image processing tasks with well-structured logic. No hidden network connections, data leaks, or cryptomining activities are present. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation detected. The slice and backup operations are typical for image editing.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured image processing module for heatmap visualization and occlusion analysis. It reads image data from HTML canvas elements, computes mean colors in regions, determines occlusion colors based on pixel distance metrics, applies occlusion with weighted blending, and restores original pixel data after scoring. The heatmap is generated based on asynchronous scoring function calls, with zooming and sliding window logic. All operations involve standard array manipulations, pixel data handling, and canvas drawing APIs. There are no signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, system damage, or hidden backdoors. The functions are well-defined and perform typical tasks within a visualization or interpretability pipeline.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate image processing utility focused on heatmap and occlusion analysis. There are no indications of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It operates within normal expectations for such functionality, with no suspicious network activity, data leaks, or backdoors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}