{
  "purpose": "The code implements an Angular HTTP interceptor that manages loading indicators during HTTP requests by tracking active requests and updating the loader service accordingly.",
  "sources": "Requests are read from the 'intercept' method input parameters, specifically the 'req' object. It subscribes to 'skipList' from 'loaderService' to determine which URLs to ignore.",
  "sinks": "The code processes HTTP responses and errors via the 'next.handle(req).subscribe()' method, which handles HttpResponse events, errors, and completion signals.",
  "flows": "Input requests from 'intercept' method flow through 'next.handle(req)'. Responses and errors are monitored, and request removal occurs in all response/error cases. The 'skipList' subscription influences whether requests are tracked.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code performs typical request tracking for loader display. No suspicious URL manipulation or dynamic code execution is evident. No obfuscated or minified suspicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Angular HTTP interceptor that tracks ongoing requests to toggle a loading indicator via a service. It subscribes to a 'skipList' observable to exclude certain URLs from loading state tracking. Requests are added when they are not in the skip list and removed when responses, errors, or completion occur. It uses 'Observable.create' which is deprecated in newer RxJS versions but not inherently malicious. No signs of data exfiltration, malicious code, or backdoors are detected. The code appears to follow typical patterns for UI request indicators without suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical loader interceptor implementation without any malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It manages request tracking for UI loading indicators in an Angular app. There are no signs of malware, data leaks, or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}