{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a set of classes used for calculating and displaying date-related information such as birthdays, days left to birthday, days gone since birthday, and date formatting functions.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters (strings representing dates), such as 't' (likely date strings) passed to functions like YearsOld, DaysToBirthDay, and DaysGoneBirthDay.",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations and generates formatted strings for display. No direct data sinks or network operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input date strings (e.g., 't') flow into calculation functions which parse and compute date differences, then produce formatted output strings. No external data or untrusted data flows into insecure sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex date calculations with string interpolation and dynamic class attribute insertion, but no suspicious or malicious behavior is evident. There are no hardcoded credentials, network calls, or backdoors. The code uses date calculations that may be prone to errors but not malicious intent. The presence of source map comment and minified style suggests production deployment but does not imply malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines three classes: t, e, and a, used for date calculations and formatting. The functions parse date strings, compute differences in days, and generate HTML strings with class attributes for styling. There are no external network calls, no suspicious code flows, no hardcoded secrets, and no evident attempts to exfiltrate data. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of birthday-related utilities. The source map comment and minified file indication are typical for production code. Overall, no malicious behavior or security risks are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign set of date calculation and formatting utilities related to birthdays. It does not contain malware, suspicious code, or security risks. The code’s purpose is to generate formatted date information for display, with no evidence of malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}