{
  "purpose": "The code appears to provide date-related utilities for calculating age, days to birthday, and days since birthday, as well as formatting date information into strings with HTML tags.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, particularly date strings in the format 'YYYY-MM-DD'.",
  "sinks": "The code generates formatted strings that may include HTML tags; however, these are constructed internally without involving untrusted input directly into HTML contexts, aside from parameter-based content.",
  "flows": "Input date strings are parsed and used in date calculations, which then flow into string formatting functions that produce output strings containing HTML tags, but these tags are hardcoded based on function parameters or class properties.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are detected. The HTML tags are used in string formatting, but they are parameterized. The code does not execute dynamic code or eval statements. Use of date calculations with string concatenation appears standard. No suspicious network activity or system manipulation is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for calculating age, days to birthday, days since birthday, and formatting date information with optional HTML tags. The functions parse date strings, perform date arithmetic, and return formatted strings. There are no signs of obfuscated code, malicious payloads, or malicious data handling. No external data sources or network communication is present. The code relies on standard JavaScript Date objects and string manipulation. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. The use of template literals with parameters appears safe, given that the parameters are expected to be date strings. The code does not perform any unsafe operations or include suspicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a straightforward date utility module for formatting and calculating date-related information. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code is well-structured, and no indicators of compromise or sabotage are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}