{
  "purpose": "Provides functions to add and remove a window resize event listener for a component, enabling dynamic resize handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the component object passed to addListener and removeListener functions, specifically accessing and assigning properties (_resizeEventListener) on the component.",
  "sinks": "The event listener is attached to the global window object; potential issues could arise if malicious code replaces or manipulates the component object or the event listener, but no external data input is directly processed or transmitted.",
  "flows": "Input source: component object. The addListener function creates a handleEvent method and attaches it to window resize event. removeListener removes the same listener from window.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious behavior. The code uses standard event handling patterns. No dynamic execution or unusual constructs detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines simple utility functions to manage resize event listeners on a component object. It attaches an event handler that calls component.resize() on window resize events. The pattern is straightforward and standard for event management. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious payloads. The only potential concern is that if component object is maliciously replaced or manipulated, it could disrupt behavior, but this is a typical pattern for UI components.\n\nThe code does not process external input beyond attaching event handlers and does not perform any network operations, file manipulations, or data leaks.\n\nGiven the code’s simplicity and standard pattern, there are no suspicious or malicious activities present.",
  "conclusion": "This code provides standard event handling functions to add or remove resize listeners from a component. It appears benign with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It is a typical utility module for UI behavior management.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}