{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a Webpack bundle that manages module loading, styling, and UI components such as a context menu for a media player or web application.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imports requiring external modules (@lin-media/utils and @lin-media/player), document, window, and DOM elements (querySelector, createElement, appendChild). It also accesses global objects like Symbol, window, and document. It loads font data URLs and SVG/XML data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include injecting styles into the document, appending DOM elements for menus, and defining font and SVG data URLs. No direct untrusted data flows are evident, but DOM manipulation is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from imported modules and DOM elements into style and UI component creation. The code listens to DOM events (click, contextmenu, scroll) and handles menu interactions. Font and SVG data URLs are embedded directly, not derived from untrusted sources.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors detected. Font and SVG data URLs are embedded as base64 strings, but this is typical for font icons and SVG assets. The code uses dynamic module loading, standard event handling, and style injection, which are common patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Webpack module bundle that loads external modules (@lin-media/utils, @lin-media/player), manages style injection, font/icon embedding via base64 URLs, and UI interaction for a context menu. It employs typical patterns like event listeners, DOM manipulation, and data URLs for assets. There are no suspicious network requests, obfuscated code, or hidden backdoors. The embedded assets are static and encoded data, consistent with legitimate icon/font usage. No signs of malicious behavior or sabotage are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard Webpack bundle for a media player or UI component with style and icon management. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks based on the examined content. No malicious signals or anomalies are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}