{
  "purpose": "Library for parsing, transforming, and manipulating SVG path data and matrices.",
  "sources": "Functions parsing input SVG path strings, transform strings, and path segments; matrix creation and manipulation methods; path transformation functions.",
  "sinks": "Transform functions apply matrices to path data; no direct data leakage or network operations; transformation results are used internally.",
  "flows": "Input SVG path string or transform string → parsing functions → matrix operations → path segments → transformations → output SVG path string.",
  "anomalies": "No evidence of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. The code is complex but standard for SVG path processing. No suspicious network activity or system modifications found. The export statement is typical for modular code but no malicious side effects. No obfuscated code, unusual language features, or misleading variables. No dynamic code execution or eval used.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a robust SVG path parser and transformer using matrix operations, with functions to parse commands, apply transformations, and convert between path representations. It contains standard mathematical functions, geometric transformations, and path conversions (arc to bezier, relative to absolute). There are no signs of hidden or malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or network communication. The code does not include any suspicious side effects, external resource requests, or credentials. It is a comprehensive, well-structured library for SVG path processing with no security risks identified.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard SVG path and matrix transformation library with no malicious intent or security risks. It performs mathematical transformations and parsing tasks commonly used for SVG manipulation. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}