{
  "purpose": "This script manages downloading, extracting, and installing prebuilt binaries for a Node.js addon, specifically for iohook, based on system and build configuration.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (npm_config_targets, npm_config_platforms, npm_config_arches), package.json (supportedTargets, version), system info (process.versions, process.platform, process.arch), and the local package.json file.",
  "sinks": "Uses network requests via 'nugget' to download files, reads environment variables for proxy settings, reads and writes files in temporary directories, and extracts tarball data into specific directories.",
  "flows": "Sources (environment variables, package info) influence download URL and options. The download URL is fetched using nugget, then data flows through zlib gunzip, then into tar-fs extractor, writing to filesystem. These flows are typical for download-and-extract routines.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code uses standard modules and practices for fetching and installing binaries. No unusual or obfuscated code segments are present. No code injection, data leaks, or hidden malicious behavior are evident. Proxy and SSL options are set based on npmrc, which is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard operations for managing prebuilt binaries: constructing download URLs, reading environment variables for configuration, handling errors gracefully, and extracting downloaded archives. The use of 'nugget' for network fetches and 'pump' for stream handling are typical. There are no signs of data exfiltration, malicious network activity, or hidden backdoors. Proxy configurations are read from npmrc, which is normal for CLI tools. No hardcoded credentials or secret keys are present. The script's behavior aligns with a legitimate build and install process for a native module.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate component of a build process for the iohook Node.js native addon. It downloads and installs prebuilt binaries based on system configurations, with no indications of malicious intent or harmful behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}