{
  "purpose": "This script downloads and installs prebuilt binaries for the 'iohook' Node.js package across various platforms and architectures, primarily to facilitate platform-specific binary installation.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (npm_config_targets, npm_config_platforms, npm_config_arches), package.json (version, supportedTargets), user-provided target strings, and configuration files via 'rc'.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to GitHub (nugget download), file system operations (creating, reading, extracting tar.gz files), console output (logs), and process termination (throwing errors).",
  "flows": "Input sources (env vars, package.json, configs) influence target selection, which directs the 'install' function to fetch prebuilds from GitHub and extract them to local directories.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors detected. The code uses standard modules for downloading and extraction. The 'nugget' download URL points to a known repository; no obfuscation, unusual dynamic code execution, or misleading variable usage observed.",
  "analysis": "The code reads configuration from environment variables, package.json, and files using the 'rc' module. It constructs URLs dynamically based on package version and target info. The 'install' function performs network requests to download prebuilt binaries from GitHub, then extracts them to a local directory. It handles errors gracefully, printing user guidance on failure. No suspicious network activity beyond legitimate prebuild downloads is present. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. The flow appears straightforward and intended for platform-specific binary installation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard prebuild installer for the 'iohook' package, performing legitimate download and extraction operations. No malicious behavior or malware is detected. The code is well-structured for its purpose, with no anomalies suggesting sabotage or harmful intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}