{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to download and install prebuilt binaries for the iohook package based on the system's platform, architecture, and specified targets, facilitating platform-specific binary installation.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (npm_config_targets, npm_config_platforms, npm_config_arches), package.json data (supportedTargets), and system information (process.versions, process.platform, process.arch). Uses fs.createReadStream for file reading and rc for configuration.",
  "sinks": "Uses network requests via nugget to download binaries; writes files to temporary directories; extracts tar.gz files to specific locations; logs to console. Potentially untrusted input affects download URL and extraction paths.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and package.json data influence options; options determine targets; install function constructs URLs and downloads files; stream pipeline extracts binary files; configuration data affects network and filesystem operations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The code dynamically constructs download URLs based on system info and user-supplied environment variables, which is standard for package installers. No obfuscation, malicious code, or hidden behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The script performs a standard prebuild binary download and extraction process. It reads configuration from environment variables and package.json, constructs download URLs dynamically, and handles download errors gracefully. The use of 'nugget' for downloads, 'pump' for stream piping, and 'tar-fs' for extraction are typical in build scripts. No suspicious or malicious logic, no data exfiltration, credential theft, or reverse shell activity identified. The download URL is constructed from package and system info, which is typical for version-specific binary downloads. No external or malicious network connections beyond intended binary fetching are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard build helper for fetching and installing prebuilt binaries based on system configuration. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The use of environment variables allows flexible configuration, which is typical for such scripts. Overall, this code shows no evidence of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}