{
  "purpose": "This code defines a factory class for creating and connecting to an ERC-20 token contract instance using ethers.js library.",
  "sources": "The code reads its own static ABI array (_abi), which contains contract method and event definitions. It also reads input parameters 'address' and 'signerOrProvider' for the connect method.",
  "sinks": "No untrusted data sinks or outputs are present. The code primarily provides contract interface creation and connection functionalities without handling external inputs or outputs.",
  "flows": "The static ABI is used for creating a contract interface, which can then be connected to a specific contract address with a signer or provider. No data flow involving untrusted input to sensitive operations is present.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be auto-generated boilerplate for a standard ERC-20 interface. No suspicious variables, hardcoded secrets, or unusual code patterns are present. The presence of a source map comment is typical for transpiled/minified code but does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code imports 'ethers' utilities and defines an ABI array for common ERC-20 functions and events. It then creates a factory class with static methods to generate an interface object and to connect to a deployed contract. The use of auto-generated comments and source map suggests this is boilerplate code for interacting with ERC-20 tokens. No signs of malicious code, data leakage, or suspicious behavior are identified. The code’s purpose is standard for blockchain contract interaction and does not perform any external network communication, data exfiltration, or dynamic code execution.",
  "conclusion": "This is standard boilerplate code for an ERC-20 token contract interface using ethers.js. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. The code is typical for contract interaction and appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}