{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of React functions that generate CSS keyframe animations wrapped in <style> tags, allowing dynamic selection of animation styles based on a string input.",
  "sources": "The code reads input via the 'animationType' parameter passed to the exported function 'keyframes'. No external or untrusted data sources are present within this code.",
  "sinks": "No sinks such as network requests, file operations, or system commands are present. The code outputs React elements containing style definitions, which are then rendered in a React component.",
  "flows": "Input parameter 'animationType' flows into conditional statements to select and invoke corresponding keyframe functions, which generate style elements containing CSS keyframes. These style elements are then returned for rendering.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be straightforward React component functions defining CSS animations. There are no suspicious patterns such as dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or inclusion of external malicious scripts. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code is repetitive but well-structured and consistent.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises multiple React functional components returning style tags with CSS keyframes for different animations. The main function 'keyframes' maps string identifiers to specific style-generating functions, facilitating dynamic animation style selection. There are no indications of malicious behavior, external data access, or obfuscated code. The style definitions are standard CSS animations, and there are no network calls, system modifications, or data leaks. Overall, the code appears to be a benign library for injecting CSS animations into React components.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard set of React functions for defining and selecting CSS keyframe animations. It does not contain malware, malicious behaviors, or security risks. The code is well-structured, with no suspicious anomalies. It can be safely used as a styling utility within React applications.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}