{
  "purpose": "The code manages real-time and recent transaction data streams from a Bitsocket network, establishing SSE connections and fetching recent data via HTTP POST requests.",
  "sources": "Data is read from network responses via EventSource (SSE) events and fetch API responses, including message data and response bodies.",
  "sinks": "Processed transaction data is enqueued into a SelfDrainingQueue for further processing. The code also sets headers for network requests and handles reconnection logic.",
  "flows": "Network responses (EventSource messages and fetch responses) flow into data parsing, which then passes transaction objects into processing queues. Reconnection logic triggers new socket connections based on errors or intervals.",
  "anomalies": "Reconnection logic with fixed intervals (900,000ms) could lead to persistent connection resets. No hardcoded credentials or sensitive info is present. No obfuscated code detected. The code does not perform any suspicious data exfiltration, cryptomining, or reverse shell activities. Usage of 'console.log' for errors is standard, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The script establishes server-sent event connections to a remote URL, handles incoming transaction data, and manages reconnections. It includes a 'crawlRecent' function to fetch recent data via POST requests, utilizing a token for authorization. The flow from network responses to processing queues appears standard. No suspicious behaviors, such as data leakage, system manipulation, or malicious network activity, are evident. Reconnection intervals are fixed but benign, potentially for resilience. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are detected. The code's structure and dependencies are typical for a data streaming client.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a network data collector for transaction streams with appropriate error handling and reconnection strategies. There are no indications of malicious intent, data exfiltration, or security risks. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate data processing client with no malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}