{
  "purpose": "Establishes and manages server-sent event (SSE) connections to a remote service (bitsocket.network) to stream transaction data, and provides functions for retrieving latest transaction data and crawling recent transactions with optional token-based authentication.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include JSON-encoded queries (via connect and crawlRecent functions), environment variables (not directly used here), and data from the remote SSE endpoint.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include JSON parsing of incoming SSE data, and network requests to the remote endpoint via fetch.",
  "flows": "Data flows from remote SSE or HTTP responses into JSON parsing, then into internal state variables (latestTxMatch), or into processing queues; data from external queries is encoded, sent via fetch, and the responses are parsed into queues.",
  "anomalies": "Code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual obfuscated code. The only notable aspect is the automatic socket reconnection logic, which is standard for SSE handling. No suspicious data leaks or privacy violations are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes SSE connections with proper error handling and reconnection logic. It maintains internal state for latest transaction match and processes incoming data via queues. The use of base64 encoding for queries is standard. The crawlRecent function performs authenticated POST requests and processes streaming responses via JSON parsing and a queue. No obfuscated or malicious code detected. No suspicious network activity beyond expected data streaming. The reconnect intervals and data handling seem benign and aligned with typical real-time data streaming implementations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation for streaming and processing transaction data from a remote service. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior are evident. It performs data fetching, event handling, and queue processing in a standard manner, with appropriate error handling. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}