{
  "purpose": "The code provides a custom driver for managing encrypted data within a MySQL database, including functions for encryption, decryption, and standard database operations (insert, update, delete, retrieve) with transaction support.",
  "sources": "Data is read from parameters (params), database query results (crows), and input objects (obj, values).",
  "sinks": "SQL queries constructed via format and query functions, and the encryption/decryption functions which handle sensitive data. Also, the console.log statements for SQL logs.",
  "flows": "Input objects and parameters are encrypted before storage (encrypt), retrieved data is decrypted (decrypt), and SQL queries are generated using formatted inputs. Data flows from input objects to encrypted storage, and from database rows to decrypted output.",
  "anomalies": "Use of deprecated crypto functions (createDecCpher and createCipher), inconsistent handling of 'connection' (some methods rely on self.connection being set, others assume pool), and inclusion of console.log statements. The code does not sanitize inputs beyond escaping in SQL, but that is standard practice. No obvious hardcoded secrets besides the 'key' string, which is used for encryption but not necessarily malicious. The presence of the 'key' string in code might be a concern if the code is public, but not malicious per se.",
  "analysis": "The code implements encryption/decryption with AES-256-CBC, but uses deprecated crypto methods which could potentially be unsafe if misused. The encryption key is hardcoded ('Canviem'), which is a security risk as it can be extracted from code, but it does not suggest malicious intent. The database interactions use parameterized queries, reducing SQL injection risk. There is no evidence of code injection, reverse shells, data exfiltration, or other malware behaviors. The console.log statements could be used for debugging but do not constitute malicious activity. Overall, the code is a standard database driver with encryption functionalities, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate custom database driver implementing encrypted data storage. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data theft, backdoors, or system compromise. The use of deprecated crypto functions and hardcoded keys are security concerns but not malicious in intent. No malware or supply chain sabotage detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}