{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive set of classes, functions, and behaviors for a particle emitter system using PixiJS, including particle properties, spawn shapes, behaviors, and rendering management.",
  "sources": "Input data for particle properties (e.g., color, size, path), texture references (strings or Texture objects), configuration objects for emitter and behaviors, and external assets (textures, images).",
  "sinks": "Particle property interpolation functions, texture assignment, spawn position calculations, and behavior initializations. No direct data leaks or external communications are apparent.",
  "flows": "Input data (configurations, texture paths, spawn shape data) -> Texture loading and processing -> Behavior initialization (e.g., color, scale, speed) -> Particle creation and updating -> Rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns detected. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code present. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or data exfiltration routines found. Use of 'new Function' for path parsing is whitelisted and controlled, not malicious. The code relies on standard math functions, with whitelisting for safety.",
  "analysis": "The code is a large, structured particle emitter system utilizing PixiJS, with classes for spawn shapes, behaviors, particles, and emitter management. The 'parsePath' function creates functions from strings using 'new Function', but this is limited to whitelisted tokens and used solely for path calculations. No network activity, file modifications, or system commands are present. The dependencies are external PixiJS modules, and no malicious modifications are evident. All data flows are internal, with no signs of malicious data collection or sabotage. Overall, the code appears safe and free from malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured particle system implementation for PixiJS, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The use of 'new Function' for parsing paths is controlled and typical for such functionality. No external communication or sensitive data handling is detected. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}