{
  "purpose": "The script appears to facilitate project generation, copying template files, and configuring project files based on user input, specifically for initializing a project with certain device types.",
  "sources": "User input from inquirer.prompt (project name and device types), file system reads (package.json, manifest.json, template files), environment variables (process.cwd()), and configuration data.",
  "sinks": "File system writes (creating project directories, copying files, writing configuration files), console logs and warnings, JSON parsing and string rendering.",
  "flows": "User inputs -> validation and prompts -> project folder creation -> copying template files -> reading and modifying JSON config files -> writing new configuration files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity; code mostly performs file operations and user prompts. Some warnings about unsupported device types are present, but no malicious intent is apparent. Usage of dynamic string rendering and file copying is standard for project scaffolding.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard modules (_path, fs-extra, glob, inquirer, chalk) to prompt the user for a project name and create a new project directory. It copies template files and updates configuration JSONs accordingly. No suspicious network calls, data exfiltration, or reverse shell activity is detected. The code includes typical scaffolding functions without obfuscation or malicious patterns. There are warnings related to unsupported device types, but these are informational. No hardcoded secrets or malicious code flows are identified. The script functions as a project initializer without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard project scaffolding script that prompts for input, copies template files, and updates configuration files. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks present. It operates within expected parameters for such a utility.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}