{
  "purpose": "The code is for setting up WebGL shaders and rendering color mixing visualizations using both shader-based and JavaScript-based spectral mixing methods, with interactive color pickers.",
  "sources": "Reads user input via color pickers (`colorPicker1`, `colorPicker2`) and HTML DOM elements (`#palette`). Retrieves pixel and resolution data from WebGL shaders via uniforms.",
  "sinks": "Uses `spectral.glsl_color()` and `spectral.glsl_color()` functions to convert color data, and updates DOM elements with color palette spans. No direct data leaks or external communications observed.",
  "flows": "User selects colors -> color values retrieved -> passed as uniforms to shaders and spectral functions -> shaders generate visual outputs -> DOM updated with color palettes.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behavior, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious code patterns detected. Use of spectral.glsl() is standard, provided as included GLSL code. Shader setup appears normal. No obfuscated or dynamic code execution. No network activity, file access, or suspicious side effects.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes WebGL shaders for color mixing effects, retrieves user-selected colors, and applies these colors to shaders and spectral functions for visualization. The spectral.glsl() inclusion appears to be a standard shader include. No signs of malicious behavior such as network connections, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The code follows typical patterns for WebGL shader setup and DOM manipulation. No hardcoded credentials or unusual code constructs detected. The spectral functions are used as intended for color processing, and no suspicious external calls are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate visual demonstration of color mixing techniques using WebGL shaders and spectral calculations. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. The code operates within expected parameters for a color visualization tool.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}