{
  "purpose": "The code is a generated WebAssembly runtime environment, managing filesystem emulation, network requests, and WebGL interactions, likely produced by a tool like Emscripten.",
  "sources": "Network XMLHttpRequests, environment variables, memory buffers, and resource loading functions.",
  "sinks": "Memory buffers, WebGL API calls, filesystem operations, and network request handlers.",
  "flows": "Data flows from network and environment variables into memory buffers and API functions; stub functions may mask actual system calls.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of numerous stub functions with 'missing function' errors, complex minified/generated code structure, and placeholders that could conceal malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily generated, minified, and contains many placeholder functions. No explicit malicious payloads such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or remote command execution are evident. The stub functions and complex architecture could be used to hide malicious behavior if the build environment or embedded modules are compromised. The overall behavior aligns with a typical WebAssembly runtime setup, with no signs of active malicious activity. The high obfuscation score (around 0.75) is justified due to minification and code complexity. The low malware score (~0.2) reflects the absence of concrete malicious indicators, but caution is advised. The moderate risk (~0.35) accounts for potential concealment within placeholders.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, complex, generated WebAssembly runtime environment with no immediate signs of malicious payloads. The high obfuscation score is consistent with its minified/generated nature. The low malware score is justified given the lack of explicit malicious activity. The overall risk is moderate, primarily due to the potential for hidden payloads within stub functions or build artifacts. Verification of the WebAssembly modules and build environment is recommended to ensure supply chain integrity.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.35,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}