{
  "purpose": "This code manages NFT creation, issuance, and transfer on a blockchain network, specifically for a project involving 'SensibleNFT'.",
  "sources": "Input sources include environment variables (WIF private keys), network configuration, and user addresses. Data is read from hardcoded WIFs, addresses, and predefined strings like 'metaTxId' and 'opreturnData'.",
  "sinks": "Sensitive data such as private keys (WIFs) are used in functions that interact with the blockchain, potentially transmitting sensitive info. External interactions include blockchain transactions via 'nft' methods.",
  "flows": "Private keys (sources) flow into 'nft' methods that execute blockchain transactions ('genesis', 'issue', 'transfer'). Data such as 'metaTxId' and 'opreturnData' are used in transaction calls. Data read from private keys flows into transaction signing functions, which are sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains hardcoded private keys (WIFs) for multiple identities, which is a significant security risk. Use of hardcoded secrets is suspicious. No malicious code or backdoors detected, but sensitive credentials are improperly exposed.",
  "analysis": "The script performs blockchain NFT operations, including genesis creation, issuance, and transfers. It uses hardcoded private keys for multiple accounts, which is a critical security flaw. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or network communication beyond blockchain interactions. The code is structured straightforwardly, with no obfuscation or unusual language features. The private keys are used directly in transaction functions, indicating potential for misuse if the code or keys are compromised. No malware behavior or malicious activities are explicitly evident, but exposure of private keys is a serious security concern.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as intended for blockchain NFT management but contains highly insecure hardcoded private keys, which could lead to asset theft or compromise if exposed. No malicious code or malware detected, but the security posture is severely compromised due to credential exposure.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "report_number": 2
}