{
  "purpose": "The code provides a pretty-printer for Solidity AST nodes, converting an abstract syntax tree into formatted Solidity source code.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from AST node objects and options, specifically properties like 'type', 'name', 'parameters', 'arguments', 'body', etc., and from the 'path' object which accesses parts of the AST.",
  "sinks": "The code generates output strings that represent formatted code; no direct data leaks or unsafe data handling is evident. No network, file, or environment variable interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from AST nodes through the 'print' function calls, converting node properties into formatted strings, then concatenated to form code output.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of a code formatter with no signs of malicious code. It does not include any network activity, file I/O, or eval-like functions. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No obfuscated code patterns or unnecessary dynamic execution are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive Solidity AST pretty-printer, systematically converting each node type into formatted code snippets. It uses standard string concatenation, joins, and indentation for formatting. The logic is clear, with no suspicious data handling, external communications, or hidden behaviors. The functions mainly process and output code representations based on AST nodes. There are comments indicating areas for future improvements (e.g., escaping, assembly support), but these are benign placeholders. No dynamic code execution, evals, or network operations are found. The initial import of 'prettier' suggests it is a code formatter module, and no external or malicious dependencies are invoked beyond typical string handling and traversal.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a Solidity code formatter that translates an AST into formatted Solidity source code. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or external network activity. The code appears well-structured, with no anomalies suggesting sabotage or malware. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}