{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of mathematical functions and matrix transformation utilities for geometric calculations, mainly related to coordinate transformations, including 2D and 3D transformations, and conversions between different angle units.",
  "sources": "The code reads input through function parameters such as 'angle', 'grad', 'turn', 'x', 'y', 'cx', 'cy', 'scalex', 'scaley', 'scalez', 'deg', 'α', 'β', 'x', 'y', and other numerical inputs for transformations and conversions.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any sink points that send data over the network, write to files, or access system resources. It performs purely computational transformations without side effects.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters in transformation functions (e.g., 'toRad', 'combine', 'translate', 'rotate', etc.) through mathematical computations within each function, returning transformed matrices or coordinate objects. No external or untrusted data is processed beyond parameter inputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes comprehensive matrix transformation functions with standard mathematical implementations. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or unusual code constructs are present. The code is well-structured, uses conventional math operations, and performs deterministic calculations.",
  "analysis": "The code is a library of transformation utilities, including angle conversions, matrix combination, translation, scaling, skewing, and rotation in both 2D and 3D spaces. Functions are straightforward, using established mathematical formulas. No dynamic code execution, external network calls, or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code appears to be a utility module intended for graphical or spatial transformations, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a non-malicious utility library for mathematical and graphical transformations. It does not contain malware, suspicious behaviors, or security risks. It is safe for use and has no security concerns based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}