{
  "purpose": "The code provides a React Native module for managing screen behavior such as proximity detection, brightness control, and keeping the screen awake or off based on proximity or app state.",
  "sources": "Reads app state, native module functions (ios.Module, android.Module), event listeners for proximity and brightness updates, and React component lifecycle methods.",
  "sinks": "Calls to native modules to enable/disable proximity monitoring, set screen brightness, and keep the screen on or off; event listeners that receive proximity and brightness data.",
  "flows": "Native module functions (sources) are called upon event triggers or component mount; data from events flows into emit functions updating internal state; user or app-triggered functions modify native device behaviors.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks are present. The code uses standard event subscription patterns and React component management. No obfuscated or unusual language features. Functions like setVerbose, pushScreenOn, and setProximityScreenOff are standard control operations. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React Native utility module for screen and sensor management, utilizing native modules for iOS and Android. It manages event subscriptions for proximity and brightness, controls screen wakefulness, and handles app state changes. All interactions appear to be legitimate device management operations with no signs of malicious intent or malware. No obfuscation, backdoors, or suspicious behavior detected. The code is well-structured, with standard React component lifecycle handling, and relies on native modules for device-specific features. There are no indications of data exfiltration, malicious network activity, or hidden code that would suggest malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for managing device screen and sensor behavior within a React Native app. It does not contain malware or malicious intent. It follows expected patterns for native module interaction and React component management. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}