{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component for rendering an arc shape using the @react-native-community/art library, allowing customizable start and end angles, radius, offset, stroke style, and direction.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include component props such as startAngle, endAngle, radius, offset, strokeCap, strokeWidth, and any additional props passed via {...restProps}. These are user-defined or external inputs influencing rendering.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the ART.Shape component, which renders the path constructed from user inputs. The makeArcPath function generates a path string based on these inputs, which is then rendered.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props (sources) into makeArcPath to generate the drawing path, which then flows into the ART.Shape component as the 'd' attribute. No other data flows or external calls are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to perform straightforward calculations for drawing arcs; there are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious logic. The code does not perform network operations, file access, or data exfiltration. Path creation uses only math functions and library calls. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a React component that constructs a drawing path for an arc based on input angles, radius, and other style options. The path creation involves angle normalization, handling full circle cases, and generating SVG-like arc commands for rendering. No malicious logic or external side-effects are present. The code relies on standard mathematical computations and library functions, with no suspicious behavior or hidden operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward React component for drawing arcs; it does not contain malware or malicious behavior. It securely transforms input parameters into a visual shape with no signs of security risks or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}