{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a test suite for querying user and group data from Microsoft Azure Active Directory using a custom Waad library. It aims to verify various functionalities such as user retrieval, group membership, and error handling.",
  "sources": "Configuration files ('./config'), authentication functions ('../lib/auth'), Waad library functions ('../lib/waad'), and environment variables for tenant IDs, client secrets, and tokens.",
  "sinks": "HTTP requests made by Waad methods (not explicitly shown but implied), where tokens and user data are used to query external Microsoft Graph API endpoints.",
  "flows": "Credentials and tokens from config and auth functions are used to instantiate Waad objects and query user/group data, passing parameters like UPN and properties to API calls.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets in the code; tokens and secrets are fetched from configuration files or environment variables. No obfuscated code or unusual code patterns observed. No suspicious network connections or hidden backdoors. The code uses standard practices for API calls and testing frameworks.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward test suite that utilizes external modules and configuration files to authenticate and perform user and group queries. It includes proper callback handling, assertions, and error checks. No signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, malicious network calls, or backdoors are present. The tokens and credentials are sourced from external configs, not hardcoded, reducing risk. The structure is typical for JavaScript testing, and no malicious or suspicious behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard test suite for querying Azure AD data, with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It follows typical patterns and relies on external modules and configurations. No security risks or malware indications are found.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}