{
  "purpose": "This code is a test suite for querying Microsoft Graph API using WAAD tokens to retrieve user and group information.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data from imported config files; obtains access tokens via auth module functions; reads user properties and groups from WAAD (Azure AD) via WAAD class methods.",
  "sinks": "Uses the obtained access tokens to authenticate requests; processes API responses that contain user and group data; handles errors returned from API calls.",
  "flows": "Authenticates with WAAD to get access tokens -> Calls WAAD API methods (getUserByProperty, getGroupsForUserByProperty, getUsers) -> Processes API responses and errors.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets within the code; no obfuscated code, no dynamic execution, and no unusual code patterns observed. All sensitive data such as tenant IDs and secrets are loaded from external configuration, which is standard. No malicious code or backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is structured as a test suite for Azure AD queries, using legitimate methods and external configuration. No hardcoded secrets are present; secrets are loaded from config files. API calls depend on external modules (auth, Waad) which are presumed secure. No suspicious data flows, malicious behaviors, or anomalies such as hidden network communications, system manipulation, or data exfiltration are evident. The code appears to perform standard authentication and API interaction functions with no malicious intent. It does not perform any system-level operations or insecure data handling. The use of token handling and user data retrieval is consistent with legitimate testing scenarios.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward test suite for Azure AD API interactions, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It securely manages secrets via configuration, and all operations seem intended for legitimate user and group queries. No malware, backdoors, or malicious data leaks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}