{
  "purpose": "Interactive web-based tool for editing and visualizing planar graph data structures, including points and edges, with options for reset and dynamic modifications.",
  "sources": "User input via mouse interactions (clicks and drags), window resize events, and button presses. Data is collected from user actions on points and edges within the canvas.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable areas include modifications to the points and edges data structures, which could lead to corrupted data or unintended effects if manipulated maliciously; however, no network or file system operations are present.",
  "flows": "Mouse events (click/drag) act as sources that modify points and edges; these modifications update the data structures which are subsequently rendered on the canvas. The dataChanged() function propagates user input to the cleaned point and edge arrays, but no external sinks or network operations occur.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code. The code primarily manages in-memory data structures, with no evident obfuscated or suspicious logic. The 'cleanupPSLG' function is external; without its implementation, potential malicious use cannot be fully assessed, but it appears to be a legitimate utility for cleaning planar graphs.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a drawing environment with interactive capabilities to add, remove, and connect points via mouse actions. It maintains separate data structures for raw points/edges and cleaned versions, indicating data validation or correction via 'cleanupPSLG'. There are no network calls, system modifications, or suspicious code patterns. External dependencies such as 'robust-orientation', 'vec2', 'segment2', and 'robust-segment-intersect' are used for geometric computations, which are standard. The event handling logic manages user input safely and updates in-memory data structures without external communication. No hardcoded secrets, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code is present. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, benign interactive visualization and editing tool for planar graphs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical client-side JavaScript application for visualizing and editing points and edges, with no evidence of malicious intent or harmful behavior. External dependencies are used for geometric calculations and are standard in such applications. No network activity or system modifications are present, and the code does not contain obfuscation or malicious logic.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}