{
  "purpose": "The code implements an interactive web-based tool for creating, modifying, and visualizing 2D planar geometries composed of points and edges, with functionality for adding, removing, and connecting points, as well as cleaning the geometric data.",
  "sources": "Reads user interactions via mouseChange (mouse position, button states), accesses the points and edges arrays, reads window dimensions, and processes data through cleanupPSLG.",
  "sinks": "Potentially writes to the DOM (creating and appending elements), modifies points and edges arrays, and calls cleanupPSLG with data derived from user input.",
  "flows": "User mouse interactions (source) lead to modifications in points/edges data structures, which are then processed by cleanupPSLG (sink). The visualization functions read from points and edges to render the scene. Data flows from user inputs through event handlers to the data structures and rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets detected. The code employs common, legitimate functions for geometry and UI interaction. No suspicious network activity, hidden code, or obfuscated logic present. All data manipulations are related to geometry editing; no data leakage or privacy violations observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily facilitates an interactive graphical interface for editing geometric data, with functions for rendering, user interaction handling, and data cleaning. It includes dependencies on geometry libraries ('robust-orientation', 'vec2', etc.) which are standard for such applications. There are no indications of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior. The only notable processing is the 'cleanupPSLG' function, whose internal behavior is unknown but is expected to perform legitimate data cleaning. The logic for point and edge management is straightforward, with no signs of sabotage or malicious side-effects. No dynamic code execution, network communication, or obfuscation present that would suggest malware. Overall, the script appears to be a benign, well-structured geometry editing tool with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate interactive geometry editor, with no evidence of malware or security risks. It relies on external geometry libraries and manages user inputs to modify geometric data. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or suspicious code detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}