{
  "purpose": "The code implements an interactive 2D point and edge editing tool, allowing users to add, remove, and connect points on a canvas, with some preprocessing of the data for computational geometry purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads user input via mouse interactions (mouseChange), reads points and edges data stored in variables, and reads window size for resizing and display.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM elements (adding/removing points and edges), manipulates arrays (points and edges), calls external functions for cleanup and geometry calculations, and updates the visual canvas.",
  "flows": "User input via mouse -> detection of nearest points or edges -> adding/removing points or edges based on interactions -> updates to data structures -> visualization rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious hardcoded secrets present. External dependencies are common geometry and utility libraries, with no evident malicious behavior. The code does not perform network communication, data exfiltration, or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The script facilitates interactive editing of points and edges on a canvas, utilizing imported geometry libraries to perform spatial calculations. User interactions are handled via mouse events to add, delete, or connect points. Data changes trigger cleanup routines, and rendering functions update the visual state. There is no evidence of network activity, data leaks, or malicious code injections. The code's structure and dependencies appear standard for a geometry visualization tool. No hidden code, obfuscation, or suspicious patterns are detected. External modules serve legitimate computational geometry purposes, and the code's flow is transparent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate interactive geometry editing tool without malicious intent. It does not contain malware or security risks. Its security risk score is low, and confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}