{
  "purpose": "The code generates a formatted report of browser support and CSS prefix requirements based on provided prefixes data, primarily used for handling browser compatibility information in a build process.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the 'prefixes' parameter passed into the exported function, which contains selected browsers, additional prefixes, selectors, properties, and values. The code reads this data structure to generate output.",
  "sinks": "The code primarily outputs formatted strings for reporting; no data is sent to external systems, network, or file. No untrusted data is written or transmitted; no sinks that could lead to data leaks or code execution are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'prefixes' input through various processing steps into the generated string output. The flow is straightforward, involving reading input data, organizing, and formatting for display.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are observed. The code performs formatting and data organization without unusual language features or obfuscation. No dynamic code execution, eval, or similar constructs are used.",
  "analysis": "The code is a utility for formatting browser compatibility information. It reads input data related to selected browsers, prefixes, selectors, properties, and values, then constructs a human-readable report. The code uses standard JavaScript features, array and object manipulations, string concatenations, and sorting. There are no indications of malicious activity, data exfiltration, or harmful behaviors. The functions are purely for report generation, and no external network or file system interactions occur. The code does not contain obfuscated patterns, suspicious function calls, or suspicious control flows.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a benign utility for formatting browser support data and does not exhibit any malicious behavior or security risks. It solely processes input data and generates a formatted string report. There are no signs of malware, data exfiltration, or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}