{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript module that provides error handling and HTTP response utilities, including a custom ApiError class and a JsonHandler function for consistent JSON responses.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the module system environment (exports, module, define), and from function parameters (e.g., e, t, o). It does not read external input sources directly.",
  "sinks": "The code writes HTTP headers and JSON responses via the 'o' object, which is likely an Express.js response object or similar. It also creates error objects and logs, but no direct data leaks are evident.",
  "flows": "No untrusted input flows into dangerous sinks. The functions are designed to handle errors and send responses without processing untrusted data directly.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive URL status code mappings and standard class definitions; no unusual or suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are evident. The source maps reference is typical for debugging.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up environment detection for different module systems (CommonJS, AMD, global). It defines an ApiError class extending Error, adding a 'status' property. It provides a JsonHandler function that returns a response function, setting headers and sending JSON error responses based on the error status. No external data sources or malicious behaviors such as network communication, data exfiltration, or code injection are present. The mappings of HTTP status codes and the structure are standard. The minified-looking code is part of a build artifact, not obfuscated malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "This module appears to be a standard utility library for handling JSON API responses and errors. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities within this code fragment. The code is well-structured and typical of error handling modules.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}