{
  "purpose": "This source code defines a React Native Icon component that renders vector icons based on specified properties, allowing flexible icon usage across the app.",
  "sources": "The component reads properties such as 'name', 'type', 'size', and 'color'. It imports external modules including React, react-native, react-native-vector-icons/Ionicons, and utility functions for colors and icon types.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include rendering icon components with dynamically constructed 'name' properties, but there are no evident data leaks or insecure data handling. No external network calls or sensitive data processing are present.",
  "flows": "Input properties ('name', 'type') flow into the selection of icon component and the 'name' prop passed to the icon component, but these are strictly controlled and derived from component props, not untrusted sources.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious code behavior detected. The code structure is straightforward and typical for React Native icon components. No obfuscation, malicious code, or unusual constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports necessary modules, defines a React component that dynamically selects an icon component based on 'type', and conditionally prefixes icon names for 'ionicon' types depending on the platform. Prop types are defined, including spread of TouchableOpacity's prop types, which is appropriate. Defaults are set for color, size, and type. No external inputs are processed beyond props, and the component simply renders icons accordingly. There is no network activity, file system access, or other security-sensitive operations. No suspicious code patterns or malicious behavior are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a React Native icon component with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It performs typical icon rendering logic without processing untrusted external data or executing insecure operations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}