{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for converting SVG elements to PNG or data URIs and facilitating their download, primarily for use in web applications to export SVG graphics as images.",
  "sources": "Reads include DOM elements (SVG, foreignObject, image tags), CSS style sheets, URLs from CSS rules, font URLs, and input parameters such as element nodes and options.",
  "sinks": "Places where untrusted data could lead to vulnerabilities include setting image.src (which loads external resources), creating object URLs, and using download links. Also, potential data leaks via data URIs and dynamic DOM modifications.",
  "flows": "Input SVG or DOM element -> inline images and styles -> generate data URI or Blob -> create download link or object URL -> trigger download or display, possibly loading external resources during inline images and fonts.",
  "anomalies": "Code includes comprehensive SVG export and conversion functions; no hardcoded credentials or suspicious external connections are present. The inlineFonts function fetches external font resources. The code carefully handles cross-origin images and font resources, with error handling. No hidden backdoors or malicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles client-side SVG to PNG/data URI conversion and download operations. It uses standard web APIs such as XMLHttpRequest, createObjectURL, and DOM manipulation. There are precautions to prevent security issues, including handling cross-origin images and revoking object URLs. It loads external fonts and images asynchronously but does not appear to perform any malicious data exfiltration or system manipulation. The functions are consistent with standard open-source SVG export libraries. No suspicious external communications, data theft, or backdoors are evident. The code is complex but well-structured for legitimate purposes, with no signs of obfuscation or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for exporting SVG graphics as images, with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It responsibly handles external resources, revokes object URLs, and uses standard security practices. No malware or sabotage evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}