{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for converting SVG elements to PNG or data URIs and for facilitating file downloads, primarily for exporting SVG graphics as images or files in web environments.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from SVG DOM elements, CSS style sheets, font files, and external image URLs. It also reads configuration options and user interactions (e.g., click events).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include creating object URLs for images and blobs, triggering downloads via anchor elements, and navigating popup windows. It also involves reading external resources like fonts and images.",
  "flows": "Sources such as SVG elements and external URLs are processed through functions like prepareSvg, svgAsDataUri, and svgAsPngUri, which generate data URIs or blobs. These are then passed to saveAs or download functions, which invoke download prompts or save files, potentially involving cross-origin resources and font embedding.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive handling of external font embedding and image inlining, which could be exploited to exfiltrate resources if misused. The code also creates popup windows and uses cross-origin XMLHttpRequest in a synchronous manner. No explicit hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The presence of comments about breaking size limits and font handling is normal for image processing utilities but warrants cautious review to ensure no hidden malicious payloads are embedded.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive utility library for SVG export and download, with functions to inline images, fonts, and styles, convert SVG to data URI or PNG, and handle various browser compatibilities. It reads external resources for images and fonts, converts them to base64, and embeds them into SVGs. The download functions utilize object URLs or direct navigation to facilitate file saving. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is evident. External resource access is explicitly via XMLHttpRequest or Image objects, with error handling. There is a focus on cross-browser compatibility and handling of security restrictions like popup blockers. While resource inlining and external access could potentially be misused for data exfiltration, the code itself does not perform malicious actions or data theft beyond what its utility functions imply.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate SVG export utility library without evidence of malicious intent. It does handle external resources and creates download prompts but does not include any active data exfiltration, command-and-control, or backdoors. The functions are consistent with their purpose and do not exhibit suspicious behavior beyond standard resource handling for image export. Overall, the likelihood of malicious behavior is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}