{
  "purpose": "The code provides implementation of orbit, pan, zoom, and control mechanisms for 3D objects using the three.js library. It manages user interactions such as mouse, touch, and keyboard events to manipulate camera or object orientation and position within a 3D scene.",
  "sources": "Reads input from DOM events (pointer, mouse, wheel, touch, keyboard), and data from the camera and control object properties.",
  "sinks": "Uses control object properties to manipulate scene camera position and orientation; no direct data leaks or external network calls are present.",
  "flows": "Input events (source) trigger internal handlers which modify camera or object properties (sink), via internal state and calculations. No external data flow to network or file system.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code is well-structured, typical for a controls module. No obfuscated code, no malicious behavior or hidden backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines control classes for 3D scene interaction, managing input events and updating camera/object state accordingly. It includes event listeners, state management, and control logic. No external network activity, no data exfiltration, nor malicious payloads are present. The functions only adjust internal scene parameters based on user input, with standard use of three.js classes. No suspicious or malicious patterns are identified; all operations are within expected control logic. No hardcoded secrets, no dynamic code execution or obfuscated segments; the code appears to be a typical implementation of camera controls.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript module is a legitimate implementation of orbit and map controls for three.js. It contains no malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It operates solely within the scope of user input handling and scene control adjustments.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}