{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React component for Mercury Chat, including wallet integration, message handling, and styling for a chat widget. It manages user interactions, connects to Cardano wallets, and embeds an iframe for chat communication.",
  "sources": "Event listeners for 'message' events from iframes, localStorage access for user data, network requests to wallet APIs, and dynamic iframe src URL construction with parameters.",
  "sinks": "PostMessage calls to chat iframe, localStorage modifications, network requests to wallet APIs, and dynamically constructed iframe src URL.",
  "flows": "Events from iframes trigger functions that post messages or update localStorage, and URL parameters are set based on user input and environment. Wallet connection and message events flow through helper functions to modify state and communicate with embedded wallet APIs.",
  "anomalies": "Code contains extensive wallet API integration with multiple wallet types, but no obvious hardcoded secrets or credentials. Event handlers and postMessage usage are typical for embedded iframe communication. No suspicious domain connections or system commands are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component for a chat widget with wallet integrations and iframe communication. It handles user events, wallet connections, and URL construction dynamically. The event listeners and postMessage pattern are standard for iframe communication but can be exploited if untrusted sources send malicious messages. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious payloads are present. Wallet API interactions appear standard and secure. The URL construction appends parameters based on user and environment data, which is typical for embedded services. There are no signs of data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system harm. The code appears to be legitimate chat widget logic with integrated wallet support, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of a React-based chat widget with wallet support and iframe communication, showing no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It manages user interactions and wallet connections securely, assuming trusted message sources. No malware or malicious signals are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}