{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React component for an organizational chart with features like pan, zoom, export, and hierarchy management.",
  "sources": "Imports from 'react', 'prop-types', './service', 'json-digger', 'html2canvas', 'jspdf', and local files such as './ChartNode' and CSS files; data is received via props including 'datasource'. User interactions such as clicks, wheel, touch events, and drag-and-drop are sources of input.",
  "sinks": "Export functions generate and download images/PDFs; DOM manipulations and style changes; network requests are not directly made in this code, so no external data sinks are evident.",
  "flows": "User interactions (click, pan, zoom, drag) trigger functions that manipulate state and DOM styles; export functions convert DOM elements to images/PDFs; hierarchy changes update internal data structure. No external data flow or network connections are present.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'json-digger' for manipulating data structure; no hardcoded secrets or credentials; no obfuscated code, cryptic variable names, or hidden logic. The code primarily manages UI state and data structures without suspicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component focused on rendering and interacting with an organizational chart. It uses standard libraries for rendering, exporting, and data handling. Event handlers for panning, zooming, and exporting are typical. No evidence of malicious behavior such as sending data over the network, connecting to suspicious domains, or executing hidden code is found. The use of 'json-digger' is for data structure management, not malicious data extraction. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or data leaks are present. The code's structure and operations appear legitimate and intended for UI functionality.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a standard React component for managing and exporting a visual organizational chart. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. The security risks are minimal and relate only to typical UI interaction handling, with no evident data exfiltration or sabotage activities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}