{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React component for rendering an interactive organizational chart with export functionalities.",
  "sources": "Imports from 'react', 'prop-types', local './service' and './ChartNode', and third-party modules 'json-digger', 'html2canvas', 'jspdf'. It reads properties for datasource, zoom, pan, and other UI controls. It also accesses DOM elements via refs for canvas rendering and export.",
  "sinks": "Uses html2canvas to capture DOM to canvas, jspdf to generate PDFs, and triggers downloads via a hidden anchor element. It also reads and manipulates transform matrices for zooming and panning, and attaches event handlers for user interactions.",
  "flows": "User interactions such as wheel zoom, mouse pan, and clicks are processed to update transforms or trigger exports. Export functions create canvas snapshots and generate files for download. Data flows from component props and DOM events through handlers to export or UI update functions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Use of third-party libraries is standard for this functionality. No unusual code behavior or privacy violations observed. All operations seem to serve the chart rendering and export features.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component that manages chart display, user interactions, and export functions. It uses refs and state to control zooming, panning, and exporting. The export functions generate images/PDFs from DOM snapshots without suspicious external communication or data leaks. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The use of 'json-digger' appears limited to internal state management and node hierarchy manipulation. All code appears to be for legitimate UI and export purposes without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a React-based organizational chart component with features for zooming, panning, node interaction, and exporting images/PDFs. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage indicators. Its functions are consistent with standard chart rendering and export functionalities. No malware or security risks detected within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}