{
  "purpose": "This code is a React component for rendering and managing an organizational chart, including features such as panning, zooming, exporting to PDF/PNG, and hierarchical modifications.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'datasource' prop and internal state, and handles events from user interactions such as mouse and touch events. It also reads external dependencies like 'json-digger', 'html2canvas', and 'jspdf'.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe sinks include the use of 'html2canvas' for capturing DOM content and 'jspdf' for exporting PDFs. Data is processed for export, but no direct data leaks or system modifications are observed. No code injection points or unsafe eval-like constructs are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'datasource' prop into the component state, through user interaction (panning, zooming, hierarchy changes), and into export functions (canvas to PDF/PNG). User inputs may influence state but do not appear to be used maliciously.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. The code mainly handles UI interactions and exports. No unusual or obfuscated code segments are present. The dependencies are standard libraries for chart rendering and exporting.",
  "analysis": "The code uses React hooks and standard event handlers for user interaction, with functions to pan, zoom, and export the chart. The 'json-digger' library is used for hierarchy management, and DOM to canvas capture is performed with 'html2canvas'. The export functions generate PDFs and PNGs safely. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or code injection are detected. The code structure is straightforward, and dependencies are well-known. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard React component for organizational chart management with export features. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident. It functions within expected parameters and uses common libraries appropriately.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}