{
  "purpose": "This code provides a CSS-in-JS utility for creating and injecting styles dynamically into a webpage, supporting both production and development environments.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), window object, document object, and input parameters like config and decls.",
  "sinks": "CSS style rules via document.head.appendChild and sheet.insertRule, JSON.stringify for hashing, and console.error for debugging output.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and window/document inputs flow into conditional logic for environment detection and style injection; user-defined style declarations are processed and injected into DOM.",
  "anomalies": "Uses process.env.NODE_ENV for environment detection, which could be manipulated in some build setups. No hardcoded secrets or credentials. The hash function employs bitwise operations, but it's benign here. No suspicious network calls, code injection, or backdoors detected. The code dynamically injects CSS styles, which is expected for this utility.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically manages CSS styles by creating style elements and inserting rules. It includes environment checks, style rule construction, and raw CSS accumulation. It employs conditional logic for development versus production modes, optimizing for speed or debuggability. There are no signs of obfuscated or malicious code. The environment variables are standard for build configurations, and the style injection mechanisms are typical. The use of the hash function is straightforward for style identification. No suspicious data flow from untrusted sources, no network activity, or malicious payloads are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard CSS-in-JS style injector with environment-aware optimizations. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code functions as intended for style management without introducing security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}