{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for escaping characters, copying objects, caching, and wrapping generator functions to promises within the 'utils' module, mainly aimed at safe string handling and internal utility operations.",
  "sources": "Input strings for escapeRegExpChars and escapeXML functions, object properties for shallowCopy, cache set/get/reset methods, generator and Promise arguments for wrapToPromise.",
  "sinks": "Replacement functions for string escaping, property assignments in shallowCopy, cache data storage, Promise resolve/reject handlers, generator control flow, and interrupt handling.",
  "flows": "Input strings are escaped or processed and returned; object properties are copied; cache methods store or retrieve data; wrapToPromise manages generator execution flow, resolving or rejecting promises based on generator output or interruptions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network activity, or malicious code patterns are evident. The code appears to be standard utility functions for safe string escaping, copying, caching, and generator-to-promise wrapping. The wrapToPromise function is complex but implements standard promise handling and generator control flow, with no signs of malicious intent or obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of utility functions for string escaping, object property copying, in-memory caching, and wrapping generator functions into promises. These are common, well-understood patterns in JavaScript development. The escape functions encode special characters for XML/HTML safety, preventing injection attacks. The cache is a simple object store without limits, typical for internal caches. The wrapToPromise function converts generators to promises, handling asynchronous flow, with proper interruption support. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors. No obfuscation, suspicious string manipulations, or hidden behaviors are detected. Overall, this code appears to be benign utility code intended for safe data handling and async control flow.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a set of utility functions used for string escaping, object copying, caching, and generator-to-promise wrapping. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code is standard, well-structured, and intended for internal utility purposes without any malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}