{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for escaping characters, copying objects, caching, and wrapping generator functions into promises, used internally within the EJS templating system.",
  "sources": "Input data is received through function parameters such as strings to escape or objects to copy. No external data sources are directly read in this code.",
  "sinks": "No sinks that handle untrusted data or perform sensitive operations are present. Functions primarily perform string escaping, object copying, and promise handling.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through escaping functions or object copying into internal variables, with no external data exfiltration or harmful operations observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward with standard utility functions. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The wrapToPromise function is complex but implements standard generator-to-promise conversion without malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for string escaping (for RegExp and XML), object property copying, a simple in-memory cache, and a generator-to-promise wrapper. The escaping functions sanitize input for safe use in regex and XML contexts, preventing injection issues. The cache provides basic key-value storage without external dependencies. The wrapToPromise function converts generators into promises, allowing asynchronous control flow, with internal hooks for interruption, but no malicious activity or data leakage pathways are present. No obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious network activity is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code comprises benign utility functions used within a larger system. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The functions are typical for internal utility purposes, with no external data leaks or malicious actions. Overall, it appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}