{
  "purpose": "The code defines a collection of mathematical functions mapped to string keys, intended for use in calculations or transformations within a larger JavaScript application.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external input data; it only defines functions internally. The only data input is function arguments provided at runtime, which are not directly sourced from untrusted external sources within this snippet.",
  "sinks": "No external sinks are present in the code. The functions perform mathematical calculations and do not send data over the network, write to files, or access sensitive resources.",
  "flows": "There are no explicit source-to-sink data flows. The functions take input parameters and return computed results within the same execution context.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward, defining standard mathematical functions without obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or suspicious constructs. The only notable aspect is the inclusion of a source map comment, which is standard in minified or transpiled code but not suspicious itself.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a 'funclist' object and assigns various mathematical functions to keys within it. Functions like linear, quadratic, cubic, quartic, quintic, sigmoid, sinusoidal, exponential, and circular are defined using standard JavaScript Math methods. The sinusoidal and exponential functions are assigned multiple keys to support aliases. No external input handling, network calls, or system modifications are present. The source map comment at the end indicates minified or transpiled code but does not imply malicious behavior. The code is purely functional and does not contain any backdoors, malicious payloads, or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign collection of mathematical functions with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It appears to be a utility module intended for mathematical computations, with no external data handling or security-sensitive operations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}