{
  "purpose": "The code is a WebAssembly (WASM) binary parser that reads a binary buffer, interprets sections, and constructs an Abstract Syntax Tree (AST) representation of the module. It handles various sections such as type, import, function, export, code, global, memory, table, data, and custom sections, following the WASM binary format specification.",
  "sources": "Input buffer containing the WASM binary data; external helper libraries for decoding (e.g., ieee754, utf8, leb128) and AST node creation; internal functions reading bytes, sections, and instructions.",
  "sinks": "Generated AST nodes representing the module structure; debug logs (console.log, dump functions) for tracing parsing steps; no external data exfiltration or network activity observed.",
  "flows": "Input buffer data flows through parsing functions (e.g., readBytes, parseSection, parseInstructionBlock) into AST node creation functions; no external or untrusted data reaches outside the process; debug logs are benign.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns; no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious API calls; extensive logging is benign; code relies on standard external libraries for decoding and AST construction; no obfuscation patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a comprehensive, standards-compliant WASM parser, handling all major sections and instructions. It performs input validation, section parsing, instruction decoding, and AST node assembly. The extensive use of external decoding libraries aligns with typical parser implementations. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or obfuscation is evident. The logging functions are for debugging and are benign. The code does not perform network operations, dynamic code execution, or data leaks. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.1-0.2) are consistent with the code's behavior and structure.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured WebAssembly binary parser that adheres to the WASM specification. It contains no malicious payloads, sabotage mechanisms, or obfuscation. The low malware and obfuscated scores are justified, and the overall security risk is minimal. It is safe for use in open-source projects and security-sensitive environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}