{
  "purpose": "The code provides a React-based utility for creating styled components with dynamic style variants, polymorphic elements, and integration with a system context for styling and class name management.",
  "sources": "Imports external dependencies such as '@vtex/admin-core', '@vtex/onda-util', '@emotion/is-prop-valid', and React. It reads configuration options, style definitions, and component props. Internal functions access stylesheet and options data attached to component entities.",
  "sinks": "Places where untrusted data could influence component rendering include dynamic class names and styles, as well as React component props. These are used in React.createElement calls, potentially affecting DOM attributes and styling. No network sinks or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external props and imported dependencies into internal style and option processing functions. Variants and sync data influence style merges. Final HTML attributes are constructed and passed to React.createElement, which then renders DOM elements or components.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains typical React utility functions, style merging, and component factory patterns. No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network calls are evident. The style merging and component creation are standard. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated logic is observed. The import of 'isPropValid' from '@emotion/is-prop-valid' is standard for filtering HTML attributes.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React utility library for styled component creation, with functions for style extraction, merging, and component factory functions supporting polymorphism and style variants. It imports legitimate dependencies, performs standard style merging and component wrapping, and does not contain any code that reads or transmits user data externally. The presence of functions for handling stylesheet and options objects tied to components is typical for styling systems. No code injection, malicious network activity, or backdoor mechanisms are present. The logic is clean and consistent with styling and component composition utilities.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a standard React styling and component factory utility with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It only manipulates component props and styles for UI rendering purposes. Overall, the code has a low malware and security risk score.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}