{
  "purpose": "This code provides a React-based JSX element factory and utility functions for styling and component management within the 'onda' framework. It facilitates styled, polymorphic components with variant support and stylesheet handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from component props, function arguments, and imported modules such as '@vtex/admin-core', '@vtex/onda-util', and '@emotion/is-prop-valid'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include React.createElement, React.forwardRef, React.memo, and className assignments where untrusted data could influence DOM or component behavior. Notably, className and other props are passed directly into DOM elements.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props (possibly untrusted) through functions like 'useStylesheet', 'cleanProps', and into React element creation. Variants and style merging logic may incorporate external input, but are confined within styling objects. No evident data leakage or network communication occurs.",
  "anomalies": "The code heavily relies on style merging, variant extraction, and polymorphic component creation. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are apparent. No dynamic code execution, eval, or network activity is present. The code is complex but consistent with a styling and component factory library. No obfuscated or minified code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for React component creation, stylesheet management, and style variant handling. It imports several utility modules and React functions, then constructs a system for creating styled, polymorphic JSX elements with variant support. All data flows are confined within the React component ecosystem, with no external network activity or code injection detected. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious logic is present. The functions operate on props, styles, and component options safely, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate styling and component factory library intended to streamline React component creation with variant styling. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. The code is complex but consistent with standard React styling patterns and component composition, with no suspicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}