{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a React utility library for creating styled components with variant support, stylesheet management, and polymorphic element rendering.",
  "sources": "Imports external libraries '@vtex/admin-core', '@vtex/onda-util', '@emotion/is-prop-valid'; reads data from component props, especially for styles and options; uses system context via useSystem(); accesses component options and stylesheets via get and getStylesheet functions.",
  "sinks": "Uses React.createElement to generate DOM elements; passes props directly into these elements; merges styles and options into props; does not seem to pass untrusted data to dangerous sinks like eval, system commands, or network requests.",
  "flows": "Inputs from props, stylesheets, options, and system context flow into component rendering; styles and options are merged and applied via className and style-related props; no indications of data flowing into external systems or malicious sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments observed. The code is heavily utility-focused, but it dynamically creates components and merges styles, which is standard for styling libraries. No obfuscated or suspicious language features are present. The use of merging and dynamic component creation is typical but warrants attention, though not malicious per se.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component utility library for creating styled, polymorphic components with variant support. It imports several utility functions and React features, uses system context, and manages stylesheets and options via symbol-based properties. It provides functions for cleaning props, extracting styles, and creating components dynamically. The code does not perform network requests, system modifications, or data exfiltration. There are no indications of malicious intent such as backdoors, hidden payloads, or code injections. The complexity arises from style merging, option handling, and component composition, which are standard for UI component libraries. No suspicious anomalies like hidden eval, dynamic code execution, or data leaks are found. The use of symbols and context is legitimate within a styling/component framework.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React utility for styled component creation with variant and style management. It shows no signs of malicious behavior or malware. Its complexity is consistent with styling libraries. Overall security risk is minimal, and there are no malicious behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}