{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a React-based utility library for creating styled, polymorphic components with a focus on style management, component composition, and system integration. It provides mechanisms for defining elements, handling styles, and component options.",
  "sources": "Imports from external libraries (@vtex/admin-core, @vtex/onda-util, @emotion/is-prop-valid), internal functions for object merging and property filtering, and React component definitions that read props and context.",
  "sinks": "React components and functions process and propagate props, class names, and styles. No explicit sinks like network requests or file operations are present; focus is on component rendering and style management.",
  "flows": "Props and context are read from input, styles and options are extracted and merged, then passed to React.createElement for rendering. The style extraction and merging process involves multiple internal functions but no untrusted external data flows are apparent.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code constructs identified. No suspicious dynamic code execution, network operations, or obfuscated code detected. The code uses standard React patterns, utility functions, and style management approaches.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a component factory system (_jsx) for creating styled React components with polymorphism and style variants. It imports multiple utility functions for object manipulation, style merging, and prop filtering. It uses context for system-wide configuration (useSystem) and manages component options and stylesheets via internal symbols. The functions perform standard style extraction, merging, and prop cleanup. There are no signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, system modification, or external network calls. The code is structured, uses descriptive variable names, and follows React best practices, with no obfuscation or suspicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate utility library for React component styling and polymorphism, with no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. It adheres to standard design patterns and does not perform any harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}