{
  "purpose": "This code computes the hyperbolic arccosine (acosh) of a number using mathematical formulas, primarily for mathematical or scientific computations in JavaScript.",
  "sources": "Input source is the parameter 'x' passed to the 'acosh' function. It reads the value to determine the calculation path. It also requires external modules for mathematical functions: 'isnan', 'log1p', 'sqrt', and 'ln'.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the return value of the 'acosh' function, which is a computed floating-point number. No data outputs to external systems or network connections are present.",
  "flows": "Input 'x' flows through conditional checks to determine which mathematical formula to apply, then passes through mathematical functions ('ln', 'log1p', 'sqrt') to produce the output. No external or untrusted data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behaviors, such as dynamic code execution, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors, are present. The code uses standard mathematical formulas with appropriate input validation. It relies on well-known mathematical functions and modules, and there is no suspicious or obfuscated logic.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with licensing and copyright notices, which are standard. It requires external modules for basic mathematical operations, and defines a constant 'HUGE'. The 'acosh' function validates input for NaN and domain errors (x < 1). It handles specific input cases (x == 1, x >= HUGE, x > 2), applying mathematically valid formulas for each scenario, including large value optimization. The implementation follows standard mathematical methods for computing acosh without any obfuscated or malicious behavior. The logic appears clean, precise, and intended solely for mathematical computation.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs a legitimate mathematical function for acosh calculation, with proper input validation and no signs of malicious intent or security issues. It is safe for use, and no malicious behavior or vulnerabilities are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}