{
  "purpose": "The source code implements a WebGL-based 3D IFC model viewer with functionalities such as loading models, camera controls, styling, clipping, and picking. It provides a complete framework for rendering IFC models interactively in a browser.",
  "sources": "Sources include binary data from external wexBIM model files loaded via URL or Blob/File, as well as user interactions such as mouse and scroll events for navigation and clipping. Data is fetched through XMLHttpRequest and FileReader APIs, and model files are parsed from binary buffers.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are WebGL textures and buffers where untrusted data (model geometry, transformations, styles) is uploaded to GPU. The code reads external binary files, which could be malicious if tampered with, but no code injection or data leakage beyond standard binary parsing is evident. User interaction events could be used for tracking but are standard in such viewers.",
  "flows": "Model data is fetched from external sources, loaded into ArrayBuffers, parsed into model structures, and uploaded to GPU buffers and textures. User input (mouse, scroll) influences camera and clipping plane, affecting the view but not executing untrusted code. Rendering shaders use the uploaded textures and buffers to produce visual output. No flow indicates malicious data exfiltration or code execution.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are detected. The code uses standard WebGL API calls and binary data handling. Shader code handles ID encoding and color-based picking, which is typical. The presence of extensive 3D rendering code, shader source code, and data loading routines is consistent with a viewer and not suspicious. No hidden or obfuscated code segments are identified. The shader code employs float and byte textures for geometry and ID management, which is standard for high-performance WebGL applications.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive WebGL IFC model viewer, with functions for loading models, rendering, interaction, styling, and clipping. It uses XMLHttpRequest and FileReader to fetch and parse binary model data, which is a typical pattern. Shader source code handles ID encoding/decoding and color management, with no signs of malicious logic such as data exfiltration or reverse shells. No suspicious network activity, command execution, or hidden code is present. The code does not execute external code or scripts, nor does it include any hidden backdoors or malware routines. It is a legitimate, complex visualization framework with standard security considerations.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a sophisticated 3D IFC viewer based on WebGL, designed for rendering models interactively. It handles external data securely through binary parsing and GPU buffers without evidence of malicious behavior. The shaders and data flows are standard for such applications. No malicious intent, backdoors, or sabotage indicators are found. The malware score is low, and overall security risk is minimal in the context of intended use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}