{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebGL-based 3D viewer for IFC/wexBIM models, enabling model loading, rendering, interaction, clipping, and state management in a web environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration from user inputs for clipping planes, camera positions, model states, styles, and interaction events. It accesses the WebGL context, shader programs, and HTML Canvas elements. It also reads model data via binary buffers and binary files (Blob/File or URL).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include rendering to GPU buffers/textures, reading pixel data for ID detection, and executing user-defined event handlers. No unsafe command execution or evals are present. External network requests are only for fetching binary model data via XMLHttpRequest, which is standard and does not directly indicate malicious intent.",
  "flows": "Data flows from model sources (URLs or binary blobs) into binary readers, then into GPU buffers/textures for rendering. Interaction events (mouse clicks, drags) generate ID or model state queries, which are processed via GPU pixel readbacks. User-defined event handlers are called in response to events like 'loaded', 'pick', 'clipped', etc., but these are standard event callbacks, not malicious code flows.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive WebGL shader code with custom ID-color encoding for picking, which is typical. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network activity, or backdoors are evident. The code loads models, manages rendering, and handles user interactions securely. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or suspicious obfuscated constructs is present. External dependencies are only WebGL, matrix utilities, and standard browser APIs, with no evidence of hidden malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive, well-structured WebGL IFC model viewer. It includes functions for model loading via binary data, GPU buffer management, shader compilation, and interaction handling. It performs model rendering, picking, clipping, and state management without any unusual or suspicious patterns. The presence of detailed shader code and extensive event handling is consistent with a legitimate viewer application. No hardcoded secrets, network exfiltration, or backdoors are detected. The code uses standard APIs and practices for graphics and binary data handling, with no signs of obfuscated or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate and secure implementation of a WebGL-based IFC model viewer. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware signals. All observed patterns align with standard 3D visualization tools, and no suspicious signals are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}