{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WebGL-based 3D model viewer for IFC and wexBIM formats, including binary data parsing, shader setup, rendering, interaction, and model management functions.",
  "sources": "Data is read from URLs, Blob, or File objects via XMLHttpRequest, FileReader, and binary buffers. Inputs include model data files, user interaction events, and configuration objects.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous sinks include network requests (XMLHttpRequest), shader compilation, WebGL texture and buffer creation, and readPixels calls for ID picking. No data leakage outside these sinks is observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from network or file sources into binary buffers, which are parsed into vertex, normal, index, and texture data. Data is then uploaded to GPU buffers/textures for rendering. User interactions trigger events and modify model states or camera positions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code segments are detected. The code heavily relies on WebGL and standard JavaScript APIs; no obfuscation, malicious dynamic code execution, or suspicious network domains are present. Shader code is straightforward, serving standard rendering purposes. No suspicious functions or code constructs are found.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard binary parsing, WebGL shader compilation, buffer management, and interaction handling typical of a 3D viewer. It includes event registration, model loading, and GPU resource cleanup. No anomalies such as hidden network transmissions, credential theft, or system damage routines are observed. The code is comprehensive but employs conventional techniques aligned with its purpose. It does not contain any malicious behavior, secret data exfiltration, or sabotage code.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate, well-structured 3D model viewer implementation that utilizes standard APIs and techniques. No evidence of malicious intent or sabotage behaviors is detected. It appears safe for use within its intended scope.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}