{
  "purpose": "Provides orbit, zoom, and pan controls for a THREE.js 3D scene, enabling user interaction with a camera object.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include DOM events (mouse, touch, wheel, keydown), camera object properties, and user interactions via DOM elements.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are event handlers that modify the camera position, zoom, or target; calls to update the camera's projection matrix; and event dispatching.",
  "flows": "User input events (mouse, touch, keyboard) flow into handler functions that update spherical coordinates, offsets, and camera position, culminating in the update method that repositions the camera accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a 'seek' method intended for custom event handling during interactions, but it is empty by default; no hardcoded secrets or unusual variables are present. Event listeners are added for standard interaction events with no suspicious manipulation. No external network calls or data leaks are evident. The code is well-structured and typical for a control system.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard orbit controls for THREE.js, managing user interactions to manipulate camera orientation and position. It uses event listeners to handle mouse, touch, wheel, and keyboard events, updating spherical coordinates and camera offsets accordingly. The controls support damping, limits on angles and distances, and auto-rotation, all typical features. No obfuscated code, dynamic eval, or suspicious variable names are used. No data is sent externally, and no network activity is embedded. The 'seek' method is a placeholder for custom event triggers but is empty, indicating no hidden malicious behavior. Overall, the code appears benign and designed solely for user interaction with 3D scenes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of orbit controls for THREE.js, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles user interactions securely and efficiently. There are no external network calls, hidden backdoors, or malicious payloads detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}