{
  "purpose": "This script automates the build process for a JavaScript/TypeScript project, including cleaning, bundling with Rollup, generating type definitions, and checking file sizes.",
  "sources": "User-supplied command-line arguments (formats, devOnly, prodOnly, sourcemap, release, types), configuration files (package.json, api-extractor.json), and file system interactions (fs-extra, path).",
  "sinks": "Execution of Rollup build process ('rollup' CLI), invocation of @microsoft/api-extractor, file system modifications (removals, reads), console outputs for logging, compression functions (gzipSync, brotli compress).",
  "flows": "Command-line args influence environment variables and build options passed to Rollup and API extractor; file operations and external commands are triggered based on flags; size checking functions process build artifacts.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward with standard build tooling. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual dynamic code execution observed. Usage of compression libraries for size reporting is normal. No suspicious network activity or data leaks detected.",
  "analysis": "The script employs typical build automation techniques for JavaScript projects, including cleanup, invoking Rollup with environment variables, generating type definitions via Microsoft's API Extractor, and reporting file sizes. It uses common, open-source modules like fs-extra, execa, and zlib, and runs external commands in a controlled manner. No evidence of malicious code, suspicious data handling, or sabotage present. The code is well-structured, with clear command-line argument parsing and process flow. All dependencies are reputable and relevant to build tasks. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build script with no malicious intent or security risks detected. It performs routine project build and size analysis functions. There are no indicators of malware or supply chain attacks within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}