{
  "purpose": "The script appears to be a utility for signing and resigning application packages (likely RPK/RPKs files), involving reading cryptographic keys, processing files, and generating signed outputs.",
  "sources": "Reads cryptographic private key and certificate files, input package files (rpk, rpks), and files specified by user input or glob patterns within project directories.",
  "sinks": "Writes signed package files to the destination directory. Uses cryptographic functions (signForRpk, signForRpks) to produce signed packages. Logs progress messages.",
  "flows": "Reads private key and certificate files -> processes package files (signing) -> writes signed files to output directory. The signing functions process input data and produce signed packages, with flow from input files through cryptographic signing to output files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; cryptographic keys are read from files, not embedded. Uses dynamic file globbing for package selection, which is standard. No obfuscated code or unusual language features observed. Logging is straightforward. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration is present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs file operations: reading cryptographic keys and package files, signing the packages using external functions, and writing output files. The signing functions are imported and not detailed here, but their use is typical for application signing. The use of standard libraries (_path, _fsExtra, _glob) and cryptographic signing indicates a legitimate utility for package signing. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or malware behaviors. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets or credentials; keys are loaded from specified files. Logging is benign and relevant to process progress. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate signing utility without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward package signing script that reads cryptographic keys and packages, signs the packages, and saves the signed versions. There is no evidence of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It operates within expected parameters for such a utility.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}