{
  "purpose": "The source code implements a React-based toast notification system with context providers and hooks for managing notifications, styling, and user interactions.",
  "sources": "The code reads document properties, manipulates DOM elements (e.g., styles, event listeners), and utilizes React hooks (useState, useEffect, useRef). It also uses external dependencies for React JSX runtime and context creation.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulations (style and event handling), React component rendering, and calling callback functions (e.g., onClose, onClick). The code also creates and manages toast notifications that could involve user-supplied content.",
  "flows": "Input data from props and context (e.g., toast messages, configuration options) flows into React component state, which then triggers DOM updates and callback executions. Event handlers (pointer, drag, keyboard) manipulate toast state and trigger callback functions. Style manipulations and DOM event listeners also constitute data flow points.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive inline CSS styles and dynamic style calculations, which are typical but could be used maliciously if style data is externally influenced. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious domain calls, or data leaks are evident. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present. The code manages toasts purely via internal state and React mechanisms, with no signs of data exfiltration or external network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a comprehensive implementation of a toast notification system for React applications, including context, hooks, styling, event handling, and animations. It dynamically manages toast positioning, visibility, and user interactions. No external network calls, data leaks, or suspicious behaviors such as reverse shells, hidden backdoors, or system modifications are observed. The CSS is extensive but standard for UI styling. There is a focus on accessibility and user interaction handling. No signs of malicious intent, credential theft, or sabotage are detected. The code is complex but aligns with typical UI component patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a React-based toast notification system with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It operates locally within the client environment, managing visual notifications without external data exfiltration or harmful system modifications. The implementation appears legitimate and solely for user interface purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}