{
  "purpose": "This code provides a React-based toast notification system, including styling, context, and state management for displaying various types of toasts (success, info, warning, error, loading). It is designed to handle notifications with configurable options, positioning, and themes.",
  "sources": "Code reads document.hidden, document.documentElement.getAttribute('dir'), event listeners on 'visibilitychange', 'keydown', 'change'; uses window.matchMedia; reads and manipulates DOM elements for styling and focus management; receives input via props and internal state; creates and manages toast objects and their behaviors.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted data is inserted into toast content (title, description, actions) without sanitization; event handlers respond to keyboard and pointer events; possible injection points via JSX content in toasts.",
  "flows": "Input data from props or internal state flows into toast creation, rendering, and dismissal; user interactions trigger event handlers that modify state or dismiss toasts; media query and visibility change listeners update themes or visibility states.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No suspicious network calls, reverse shells, or data exfiltration observed. Use of dynamic style injection via te() is benign, but could be misused if CSS strings are externally influenced, though code shows internal CSS definitions only. The code appears to be a standard implementation of toast notifications with no hidden backdoors. No unusual or obfuscated code features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component that manages toast notifications with a context provider, styling, and user interaction handling. It subscribes to a toast manager (ce class instance) for creating, dismissing, and updating toasts. It listens to visibility and theme changes via media queries and document events. Toasts are rendered with accessibility attributes and support for dismissing via buttons or swipe gestures. No network calls, data leaks, or malicious payloads are detected. The code uses standard React hooks, event listeners, and DOM manipulations without evidence of malicious behavior. Overall, the implementation appears secure and typical for a notification system.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard React toast notification system with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It manages UI notifications securely and does not perform any suspicious operations like data exfiltration, reverse shells, or hidden backdoors. No malware signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}