{
  "purpose": "This code implements a toast notification system for a React application, providing functions to create, dismiss, and manage toast messages, including various visual styles and behaviors.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from the DOM (document.hidden, document.documentElement.getAttribute), React component props, and internal state variables. It also reads style and className attributes, and uses hooks like useState, useEffect, useRef, and useMemo.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include rendering JSX elements, updating styles, and handling user interactions such as clicks, drags, and key presses. Network or system effects are not explicitly present.",
  "flows": "Input sources such as props, state, and DOM attributes influence rendering and component behavior. User interactions and external events (like visibility change, keydown, drag) can trigger toast dismissals or state updates. No external data is sent over the network, and internal functions do not appear to invoke any system-level or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network activity are detected. The code appears to be a standard implementation of toast notifications with complex styling and interaction handling. There are no obfuscated or minified suspicious code sections that seem malicious. All logic appears to serve UI and UX purposes. No unusual or malicious behaviors, such as data exfiltration or system manipulation, are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages UI state for toast notifications, including creation, dismissal, auto-close, and interaction responses. It uses React hooks and context API to distribute toast functions. It includes style injection, DOM attribute readings, and event listeners for keyboard and pointer events. There are no signs of malicious code such as network requests to suspicious domains, data theft, system modifications, or hidden backdoors. All functions are related to rendering and managing toast UI components and do not perform external side effects outside the application's scope.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex React-based toast notification system with no apparent malicious intent. It handles UI interactions and styling for notifications in a typical manner. No malicious behavior or sabotage activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}