{
  "purpose": "The code interacts with a Google Spreadsheet to set parameter values and retrieve calculation results based on provided parameters.",
  "sources": "Data input sources include the parameters object and the 'CREDS' JSON file for authentication. The 'parameters' object provides parameters, and 'CREDS' supplies credentials for API access.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially flow into the spreadsheet via 'setValue' calls on specified cells, and the code reads data from the spreadsheet with 'getValue' and 'getAllValues'.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are mapped to specific cells, which are set via 'setValue'. After updating, the code retrieves the total value from a designated cell and intermediate calculations. The flow is: parameters object → setting cell values → reading total and intermediate values.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets other than the credential file; no obfuscated code or unusual language features. The credentials are stored in a separate JSON file, which is typical but should be protected. No suspicious URL requests or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The script loads credentials and spreadsheet info, then updates specific parameter cells with provided values. It then retrieves a total result and intermediate calculation results from the sheet. The process appears straightforward and intended for legitimate calculation updates. No code performs network calls beyond Google Sheets API, no dynamic code execution, and no hidden backdoors. The code does not send data externally nor perform any malicious actions. The credentials are external and should be protected, but their presence alone isn't malicious. The flow is safe; no anomalies indicating malicious intent are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for updating parameters and retrieving results from a Google Spreadsheet. It does not contain malware, suspicious anomalies, or security risks based on the provided code. Its purpose appears legitimate, focused on spreadsheet parameter updates and retrieval.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}