{
  "purpose": "This code interacts with a Google Spreadsheet to set parameter values and retrieve calculation results based on given inputs.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'parameters' object, Google Spreadsheet credentials ('CREDS'), and the spreadsheet key ('SPREADSHEET_KEY'). It also reads data from the worksheet cells during spreadsheet operations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'sheet.load', 'worksheet.getCells', 'cells.setValue', and 'worksheet.getCell' functions, which access external spreadsheet data and may process untrusted input if parameters are externally supplied.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are mapped to specific spreadsheet cells ('PARAMETER_CELLS'), and their values are set via 'setValue'. After setting, the code retrieves the total result and intermediate calculation values from the spreadsheet. Data flows from parameters to spreadsheet cells (source to sink), then from the spreadsheet (sink) back to the code for use.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code constructs, hard-coded secrets (beyond credentials that are external), or suspicious control flows are detected. All operations are standard spreadsheet interactions. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated logic is present.",
  "analysis": "The code uses the 'google-spreadsheet-as-promised' library to load credentials and spreadsheet info, then sets parameter values in specific cells, retrieves the result, and gathers intermediate data. It handles asynchronous operations with Promises, which is standard. No input validation beyond parameter name checking is performed, but parameters are only used to set cell values, not for execution flow control or code injection. The credentials are loaded from an external JSON file, which is standard practice. No hardcoded sensitive data other than credentials is present. The overall logic is straightforward and implements a typical spreadsheet-based calculation pipeline.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard operations to set parameters and retrieve results from a Google Spreadsheet. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious payloads are evident. No suspicious external communications or data leaks are detected. The main concern would be ensuring the credentials are kept secure externally. Overall, the script appears safe and designed for legitimate calculation purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}