{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for encoding, transforming, and serializing data structures in JavaScript, primarily for use with ReScript and related libraries. It includes functions for handling optional values, lists, tuples, maps, and JSON conversions, likely to facilitate data serialization/deserialization.",
  "sources": "Functions receive data from parameters, including input data for encoding (e.g., encode functions, optional values, data objects). No explicit data sources like user input, environment variables, or network inputs are present within this code segment.",
  "sinks": "Data is transformed and returned via functions; no direct output sinks such as network calls, file writes, or external system interactions are present. Serialization functions produce JSON-compatible objects or strings, but do not perform I/O within this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through encoding and transformation functions, resulting in serialized objects or strings. No external data flows or network transmissions are present within this code segment.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard utility functions for data serialization with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code. The use of external libraries is consistent with data encoding and transformation, with no signs of obfuscation, code injection, or malicious logic. No unusual code patterns or dynamic code execution are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines various functions to handle data serialization: conversion of big integers, floating-point numbers with special cases, nullable and optional values, date formatting, list and map transformations, tuple constructions, and result/either structures. All functions operate solely on provided data, producing encoded or serialized outputs. No network calls, file operations, or environment variable access are present, and the functions do not manipulate or leak data beyond their scope. The code relies on external libraries for data structures but does not include any malicious behavior or suspicious logic. It appears to be a safe, standard utility module for data handling.",
  "conclusion": "This code segment is a collection of data serialization and encoding utilities with no malicious intent. It functions as intended for safe data transformation, with no signs of malware or security risks. It is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}