{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for encoding, decoding, and transforming various data structures, such as objects, lists, tuples, maps, options, and results, primarily for data serialization and handling in a JavaScript environment.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from parameters passed into functions such as encode functions, options, and data structures like lists, maps, and tuples. It also reads static data such as module imports and hardcoded string values.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of JSON.stringify for encoding data, and the returning of encoded data structures that could be used in network transmission or storage. There are no direct network calls, file operations, or execution of untrusted input within this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (e.g., encode functions, optional values, data structures) through encoding functions and into return values, which are typically JSON-compatible objects or strings. No external untrusted data sources are explicitly used or processed.",
  "anomalies": "There are no anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors. The code appears to be a utility module for data serialization. The functions are standard and do not perform any suspicious operations like network connections, file manipulations, or code execution. No obfuscated or minified code that could indicate malicious intent is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is composed of functions that encode, transform, and serialize data structures for likely use in data exchange or storage. It imports standard modules, handles options and nullable types, and provides comprehensive tuple and map encoding functions. No suspicious or malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors is evident. The functions are straightforward, and the data flows are limited to encoding and data transformation. The presence of standard encoding and data handling patterns indicates a benign purpose.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a utility module for data encoding and serialization with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It handles data transformations in a safe, standard manner without any suspicious side effects or external interactions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}