{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to process and prefix CSS media queries related to resolution (e.g., min-resolution, max-resolution) for use in CSS preprocessing or postprocessing, especially for handling vendor prefixes.",
  "sources": "The code reads CSS rule parameters (rule.params) which contain media queries, and it also references external modules ('fraction.js', './prefixer', './utils') for data processing and utility functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include string manipulation functions that modify media query strings, specifically within the 'prefixQuery' and 'process' methods where queries are replaced and extended with vendor prefixes.",
  "flows": "Source: Reading 'rule.params' (CSS media query parameters) -> Processing within 'process' method using regex replacements -> Sinks: Modified query strings returned by 'prefixQuery' and stored back in 'rule.params'.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward and lacks obfuscated code or hidden dynamic code execution. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The only complex logic involves media query string processing, which is typical for CSS prefixers.",
  "analysis": "The code imports 'fraction.js' for precise fractional calculations, and uses regex to identify resolution media features. It processes these features to add vendor prefixes by constructing new media queries with proper units conversion (dpi, dpcm). It manipulates strings and numerical values in a controlled manner. There are no signs of code injection, data leaks, or malicious behavior. All operations are confined to CSS media query string manipulation, which is standard for CSS prefixing tools. No external network activity, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a CSS media query prefixer focused on resolution features. It performs typical string processing without any suspicious or malicious behavior. It does not contain obfuscation or malware. Overall, it appears safe and intended for legitimate CSS preprocessing tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}