{
  "purpose": "The code provides functionality to take snapshots from a media (video) element, converting frames into images for download or processing.",
  "sources": "Inputs include media element events (loadedmetadata, seeking, seeked), user interaction (click event on snapshot button), and DOM elements (canvas, video).",
  "sinks": "Blob creation and download via dynamically created anchor elements, and URL handling for image data URLs.",
  "flows": "Media metadata loaded -> User clicks snapshot button -> Snapshot data generated -> Blob created -> Download initiated.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'canvas.toBlob' and 'canvas.toDataURL' for image extraction is standard; no suspicious network or file system activity. The code includes an inner function 'isFunction' that is defined as an arrow function but does not execute or call external code. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. No obfuscated or minified suspicious code, and no dynamic code execution or network calls to unknown domains are present.",
  "analysis": "The script is a media snapshot tool that captures images from a video element and allows users to download them. It relies solely on standard DOM APIs, event listeners, and canvas functions for image processing. No external network requests or system modifications are observed. The code adheres to typical patterns for media snapshot functionality and does not exhibit any malicious behavior or sabotage techniques. The presence of an internal utility function 'isFunction' is a standard pattern and not malicious. The code is readable, structured, and uses conventional JavaScript constructs without obfuscation or suspicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs legitimate media snapshot operations without any signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not perform network activities, data leaks, or system modifications. The functionality is confined to capturing and downloading images from a video element, with no malicious intent apparent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}