{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a set of storybook stories for a React component that implements ripple effects on buttons or other elements, allowing for visual customization and testing different configurations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from imported modules, environment (via require and import statements), and user-interaction through storybook knobs and actions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include React rendering outputs and the usage of external modules such as 'styled-components', '@storybook/react', and 'react'. There are no direct sinks for untrusted data leading to data leaks or system effects, aside from standard React rendering.",
  "flows": "User interactions via knobs and actions influence component properties; these properties are passed into React components that render accordingly. No dangerous data flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious network activity observed. All modules used are standard UI libraries and storybook tools.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily for rendering storybook examples of a React ripple effect component. It imports standard React and storybook modules, defines styled components, and creates several story variants with customizable parameters via knobs. The code uses no dynamic code execution, external network requests, or data handling that could be malicious. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The only notable point is that it loads font-awesome CSS, which is standard for icons but can sometimes be a vector for malicious icon fonts if sourced from untrusted origins. However, the source appears to be the standard CDN or package, and nothing in the code suggests malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React storybook setup for UI component testing with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It appears to be intended for development and demonstration purposes only.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}