{
  "purpose": "The code defines a radial fisheye distortion function for visualizations, providing adjustable parameters for radius, smoothing, and distortion, to manipulate coordinate points for visual effects.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the 'point' parameter passed to the 'fisheye' function; configuration parameters are set via the 'fisheye' object methods.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data sources are the 'point' input and configuration setters ('radius', 'smoothing', 'distortion', 'center'), which could influence the output of coordinate transformations.",
  "flows": "Input points are processed through 'fisheye' function, which computes distorted coordinates based on parameters. The flow is from the input 'point' through geometric calculations to the output coordinate array.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors detected. The code performs geometric calculations without external data fetching or system commands. No obfuscation or hidden behaviors are apparent. The functions and variables are typical for visualization transformations.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a 'radial' function for creating a fisheye distortion effect, with adjustable parameters. It includes utility functions for array handling and geometric calculations. No external network calls, file system access, or environmental variable usage are present. The functions are mathematically sound and intended for visualization purposes. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system compromise. The code appears to be a standard visualization utility module.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a geometric distortion effect for visualization, with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It reads input points, applies mathematical transformations, and provides configuration setters. The code is well-structured and does not exhibit obfuscation or malicious behaviors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}