{
  "purpose": "This code implements a radial fisheye distortion function for visualizations, providing adjustable parameters for radius, smoothing, and distortion, and exporting these functionalities for use in other modules.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments, such as points for distortion, and configuration parameters like radius, smoothing, and distortion values. It also reads from internal variables for calculations.",
  "sinks": "The code does not appear to output or send untrusted data externally. No network requests, file system modifications, or data leaks are present within the code.",
  "flows": "Input points are processed through mathematical functions to produce distorted points; configuration parameters are set via functions that update internal variables; no external data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily focused on mathematical calculations for fisheye distortion. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution is present. The code appears standard for a visualization utility.",
  "analysis": "The code is a JavaScript module for a fisheye distortion effect, with functions for adjusting parameters and applying distortion to points. It includes helper functions for array and iterable handling, and a solveForConstants function that calculates internal coefficients based on parameters. No malicious behaviors, such as network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications, are evident. The code operates solely within mathematical calculations and parameter adjustments. The module exports functions for use elsewhere, consistent with a visualization library component.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate mathematical utility for visual distortion effects. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It simply performs calculations related to visual effects without external side-effects.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}