{
  "purpose": "This code implements an AHRS (Attitude and Heading Reference System) class that performs quaternion-based orientation calculations, including conversions to vectors and Euler angles, using external algorithm modules.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily through the getQuaternion() method (assumed to be provided elsewhere in the object), and reads configuration options through the constructor arguments.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs orientation data via methods that return calculated vectors and angles. No direct sinks are apparent within this fragment; data is returned to callers. No external data transmission or sensitive data storage occurs here.",
  "flows": "Input data (quaternion) flows from getQuaternion() method to toVector() and getEulerAngles() methods for processing; configuration options flow from constructor parameters to require() modules and internal logic.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors are detected. The require statements depend on external modules, but this is standard practice. The code appears straightforward with no obfuscated or misleading logic. The only dynamic part is the selection of algorithm modules based on options.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up an AHRS system with configurable algorithms ('Mahony' or 'Madgwick'), which are required dynamically. It includes methods to convert quaternions to vectors and Euler angles, with proper mathematical calculations. No user input is directly processed; the code relies on getQuaternion() for orientation data. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, hidden network activity, or code injection. The code is clear, with well-documented mathematical transformations, and uses standard modules for orientation calculations. The dynamic require() based on options is typical and not suspicious by itself. There are no hardcoded credentials, no system modifications, or network calls within this fragment.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard implementation of orientation calculations using external quaternion algorithms. There is no evidence of malicious intent or security risks within this code fragment. The dynamic require() calls are controlled by configuration options, and no sensitive or untrusted data is processed or transmitted.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}