{
  "purpose": "This code implements an Attitude and Heading Reference System (AHRS) class for sensor fusion and orientation calculation using quaternion mathematics. It loads different algorithms ('Mahony' or 'Madgwick') dynamically and provides functions to convert orientation data to various formats.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options from the 'options' parameter, specifically 'sampleInterval' and 'algorithm'. It also requires external modules './Mahony' or './Madgwick' based on the algorithm selected.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any obvious sinks that lead to data leakage or malicious actions. It uses internal data and external module functions but does not perform network operations, file access, or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'options' influences which algorithm module is loaded. The 'getQuaternion' method (assumed to be provided by the external modules) supplies data used in orientation calculations. The flow is straightforward: options -> module loading -> quaternion processing -> output conversions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. The external dependencies are dynamically required based on input options, which could be risky if the module paths are manipulated, but this is standard in configurable libraries. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a constructor function 'AHRS' that initializes algorithm modules based on input options, with defaulting and validation. It defines three methods: 'toVector', 'getEulerAngles', and 'getEulerAnglesDegrees', which perform mathematical conversions using quaternion data. These methods rely on 'this.getQuaternion()', which is presumed to be provided by the external algorithm modules. There are no network calls, data leaks, or system modifications. The dynamic require statements depend on the 'algorithm' parameter, but this is a typical pattern for modular code. Overall, the code appears to be a standard implementation of orientation calculations without malicious intent or security issues.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, well-structured implementation of an AHRS sensor fusion module. It loads external algorithm modules based on configuration options and provides mathematical conversion functions. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident. The only minor concern is the dynamic require which could be exploited if inputs are maliciously controlled, but this does not constitute malicious code within this snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}