{
  "purpose": "This code defines an AHRS (Attitude and Heading Reference System) class for orientation calculations using quaternions, supporting multiple algorithms ('Madgwick' or 'Mahony') via dynamic require statements.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through methods like getQuaternion() which are expected to be provided by the dynamically imported algorithm modules. It also reads configuration options passed to the constructor.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data are present; the code performs mathematical computations and module imports based on options.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., quaternion data from getQuaternion()) flows through the methods to produce orientation outputs (Euler angles, vector) without external data being transmitted or written anywhere.",
  "anomalies": "The use of require() with variable-based filenames ('./Mahony' or './Madgwick') introduces potential risk if the options parameter is manipulated to cause dynamic or unintended module loading. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets. The code is structured, readable, and relies on external modules for core algorithms, which are presumed benign.",
  "analysis": "The code loads algorithm modules based on user options, which could be risky if options are externally controlled and the module names are manipulated to load malicious modules. The mathematical functions for quaternion conversion and Euler angles are standard and do not perform any malicious operations. There is no network activity, data leakage, or suspicious behavior. The dynamic require pattern warrants caution but by itself is not malicious. No obfuscation or malware-like behavior is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard orientation calculation module with dynamic loading of algorithm implementations. There are no signs of malicious intent or malware. The primary concern is the dynamic require based on external input, which could be exploited if options are not validated, but this is a design pattern rather than malicious code. Overall, low security risk and no malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}