{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Grunt task called 'map-normalizer' which processes and normalizes source maps by converting source paths into different formats, verifying their existence, and applying user-defined filters or modifications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from source map files specified in 'this.filesSrc' and from utility functions imported from './utils'. It also reads JSON files representing source maps using 'grunt.file.readJSON'.",
  "sinks": "The code writes back to source map files via 'grunt.file.write'. Potentially, untrusted source maps could be modified and overwritten, but the code itself does not directly incorporate untrusted data beyond reading files.",
  "flows": "Sources include file paths from 'this.filesSrc' and JSON data from source map files. These are processed through utility functions to transform source paths (absolute, relative, URI, virtual). The final step writes the potentially modified source map back to disk.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors are apparent. The code employs standard modules and functions, with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic. All operations are related to file processing and path transformations.",
  "analysis": "The script is a Grunt task for normalizing source maps, involving reading JSON files, converting source paths into various formats, verifying file existence, and applying optional filters and modifications. It utilizes external utility functions, which are not provided but appear to perform typical path transformations and filtering. No evidence of obfuscated or malicious code is present. The code reads and writes files as part of normal build process, with no network activity or external communication. The logic is straightforward and aligns with common build tooling operations.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard build task for source map normalization with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs legitimate operations related to file handling and path transformations. No malicious intent or malware is detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}