{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React component 'ZoomImage' that renders a zoomable and pannable image canvas, allowing user interactions like zooming with mouse wheel, panning with drag, and touch gestures.",
  "sources": "Reads image source URL ('src'), alt text ('alt'), and image options ('imageOptions'). Listens for touch and wheel events, and accesses DOM elements via refs and context.",
  "sinks": "Uses the image's 'src' for loading; draws image onto canvas; captures mouse/touch events for panning and zooming; no evident data leaks or direct untrusted data sinks.",
  "flows": "Input source: image URL and user input events. Flow: Image URL loaded into an Image object (source), then drawn on a canvas (sink). User interactions (mouse/touch) modify internal state for panning and zooming, affecting rendering. No external data transmission or insecure operations detected.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code observed. Usage of event listeners and resize observers appears standard. No obfuscation or code that performs hidden malicious actions. Console logs are benign debug statements.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React functional component managing image zoom and pan functionality via canvas. It initializes a new Image object, loads image source URL, handles user input for interactions, and redraws image accordingly. Event handlers for wheel, touch, and mouse events are set up with cleanup. No external network calls, data exfiltration, or suspicious behaviors are detected. All operations appear consistent with typical image viewer functionality. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or malicious flows are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard React component for image zooming and panning with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It safely manages user interactions and image rendering without external data leaks or malicious operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}