{
  "purpose": "The script automates the building, packaging, and optional uploading of prebuilt binaries for a Node.js native addon, primarily for cross-platform support and distribution.",
  "sources": "Process environment variables (process.env.ARCH, process.env.GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN), command line arguments (argv), local file reads (package.json, build artifacts), and standard input streams.",
  "sinks": "Spawning child processes (spawn), writing files (fs.createWriteStream), executing upload function (prebuild/upload), and piping output streams (proc.stdout, proc.stderr).",
  "flows": "Input from environment variables and command line arguments flow into build configuration and the upload process; build commands are executed via child_process.spawn; packaged files are read and archived into tar.gz files, then potentially uploaded.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. Use of environment variables for credentials (GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN) could be risky if exposed, but it's a common pattern. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The script's main operations are build and upload automation. No suspicious network calls or data leaks observed.",
  "analysis": "The script is a build automation tool for Node.js native addons. It reads configuration from package.json and command line arguments to determine target platforms. It spawns subprocesses to execute build commands, archives built files, and uploads them to GitHub if configured. The use of environment variables for sensitive tokens is typical for CI/CD pipelines but warrants caution. The code does not contain any obfuscated or malicious code segments. All processes seem aligned with legitimate build and deployment activities. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets beyond GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN or malicious data flows are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate build and deployment automation script without malicious intent. It employs standard Node.js modules and practices. There are no indicators of malware or malicious behavior; however, reliance on environment variables for tokens should be managed securely. Overall, the script is safe based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}