{
  "purpose": "This code implements a native hook for capturing global input events such as keyboard and mouse activity, primarily for use in Node.js or Electron applications. It allows registering shortcuts and handling input events.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (process.env.DEBUG), process versions, and requires native modules via dynamically constructed paths. It also reads input events via the native module callback.",
  "sinks": "Native module functions (startHook, stopHook, debugEnable, grabMouseClick), callback functions provided during shortcut registration, and event emissions.",
  "flows": "Native module callback (_handler) processes raw event messages, then emits events or triggers shortcut callbacks based on input. Shortcut activation relies on tracking key states and invoking user-provided functions.",
  "anomalies": "Dynamic path construction for native module loading based on environment and process info; no hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code or unusual language features. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages global input hooks with native module integration, event handling, and shortcut registration. It handles key states, manages shortcuts, and propagates events. No signs of malicious code, backdoors, or data leaks. The use of native modules and environment info appears to serve legitimate purposes, with no evidence of malicious behavior. All functions and data flows are consistent with input event management. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The code structure is clear and adheres to common patterns for such input capture modules.",
  "conclusion": "The source code appears to be a standard implementation of a global input hook with shortcut management. No malicious intent or suspicious behavior detected. It is a typical utility module for capturing input events in Node.js/Electron environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}