{
  "purpose": "The code sets up a pub/sub server to handle notifications and tests its behavior using various scenarios, including signature validation and event emission.",
  "sources": "User input is received via HTTP POST requests to the server, specifically in the 'body' and 'headers' (notably 'X-Hub-Signature' and 'link' headers).",
  "sinks": "The server processes the incoming request bodies and signature headers, which could influence the server's response. The 'got' library sends POST requests as part of tests, but these are controlled within the test environment.",
  "flows": "Input data from HTTP requests (body, headers) flow into signature validation and response logic. The signature verification relies on the secret key and request body, which determines response status codes and event emission.",
  "anomalies": "Code includes hardcoded secrets ('MyTopSecret', 'P@ssw0rd') within the server configuration, which could be a security risk if exposed. The server's secret and credentials are stored in plaintext. No suspicious or malicious code, such as network exfiltration, system modification, or backdoors, is present. The code uses standard libraries and patterns for handling webhooks and testing, with no obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a pub/sub notification system with tests for various response scenarios, including signature mismatch and successful validation. The secret and credentials are stored plainly, which is a security concern but not malicious behavior. The server correctly performs signature verification using HMAC, and tests cover expected server responses and event emissions. There are no signs of malware, such as data exfiltration, malicious network connections, or system tampering. The overall structure is straightforward, with no obfuscated or suspicious logic. The inclusion of hardcoded secrets could be considered insecure but not malicious in intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a pub/sub webhook server with associated tests. It contains hardcoded credentials and secrets, which pose security risks but do not indicate malicious intent or malware. No suspicious or malicious behaviors are evident, and the overall security risk is low, assuming the code is intended for development or testing environments.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 4
}