{
  "purpose": "This script automates the process of testing, building, versioning, and publishing a JavaScript package to npm, including pushing git tags and updates to the remote repository.",
  "sources": "Reads user input via inquirer prompt; executes shell commands for tests, build, version bump, publish, and git push; reads current branch information using 'git rev-parse'.",
  "sinks": "Shell command executions such as 'execSync' calls for 'jest', 'npm version', 'npm publish', and 'git push'; outputs console logs; reads current branch info from 'git rev-parse'.",
  "flows": "User input from inquirer influences version bump command; shell commands depend on user choice and current branch; outputs are logged to console; shell commands are executed sequentially based on success/failure.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or unusual commands detected. The script relies on local environment and standard npm/git commands. No obfuscated or suspicious code structures are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard build and publish steps for a JavaScript project. It uses 'execSync' to run commands like tests, build, version bump, publish, and git push. The user is prompted to select a release type, which influences version bumping. All commands are executed with 'stdio' set to inherit from the parent process, ensuring real-time output. The process includes safety checks such as verifying the current branch is 'master' before publishing. There are no signs of malicious code, such as data exfiltration, network communication outside of standard package publishing, or backdoors. The code appears to be a typical publish script with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard automation tool for publishing npm packages with built-in safety checks. It does not contain malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. It is safe and intended for normal development workflows.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}