{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React component 'SmartMouse' that customizes the appearance and behavior of the mouse cursor based on the element under the cursor, allowing dynamic styling via attributes and class styles.",
  "sources": "Reads DOM elements on 'mousemove' events, reads 'mousecustom' JSON attribute from elements, reads class names and element node names.",
  "sinks": "Updates styles of cursor and elements, modifies DOM styles for cursor hiding, logs to console.",
  "flows": "Mouse move events -> identify element -> read 'mousecustom' attribute or class/style mapping -> update cursor style accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. The code uses JSON.parse on a 'mousecustom' attribute, which could potentially be exploited if untrusted data is injected into this attribute, but no other malicious behavior is apparent. No external network calls, system modifications, or data exfiltration routines are present. The code appears to be a styling and cursor customization component without malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically modifies cursor appearance based on DOM element attributes and class styles, which is legitimate for a visual enhancement feature. It adds event listeners for 'mousemove' to track cursor position and element type, and applies styling accordingly. It also includes a debug mode to log element info. There are no indications of malicious payloads such as network communication, data theft, or system tampering. The use of JSON.parse on 'mousecustom' attribute introduces some risk if the attribute is maliciously crafted, but this is a controlled, expected operation for customization. Overall, the logic is focused on styling and cursor behavior with no malicious indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React component designed for visual cursor customization, with no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. Its sole function is styling based on element context, and it does not perform any harmful actions such as network communication or system modification. The only minor concern is reliance on JSON.parse on element attributes, which could be misused if the attribute is maliciously crafted, but this does not constitute malware. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}