{
  "purpose": "This code acts as a script to execute Yarn commands, either forwarding user-provided arguments or running a bootstrap process if no arguments are given, mainly for project setup or maintenance.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from command-line arguments (`process.argv.slice(2)`) and environment variables (`process.env`).",
  "sinks": "The script executes external commands via `child_process.spawnSync`, which can run 'yarn' with user-supplied arguments, potentially executing malicious or unintended commands if args are malicious.",
  "flows": "Input from command-line arguments flows into the `spawnSync` call, which executes `yarn` with those args. The environment variables are inherited but not manipulated. The output and exit status are returned from the child process back to the main process.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically forwards commands to `yarn`, which is standard; however, executing arbitrary commands via user-supplied args can be dangerous if untrusted input is provided. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious logic are present. No obfuscated or malicious code is detected.",
  "analysis": "The script is a straightforward command wrapper that executes `yarn` commands or performs a bootstrap. It checks if the current working directory is the root of the project and if additional arguments are provided. If in the root without args, it runs 'yarn bootstrap'; otherwise, it forwards args. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. The main risk lies in passing untrusted arguments which could execute unintended commands via yarn. No malicious behavior or malware patterns are identified. The code does not perform any network activity, data theft, or system compromise.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a command dispatcher for Yarn, with no evident malicious intent. Its security risk depends on the trustworthiness of input arguments, but by itself, it is benign. It does not contain malware or obfuscation. Overall, it appears safe within its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}