{
  "purpose": "This module provides functionality to locate revved (versioned) files on disk based on a given filename and directory structure, primarily for cache busting or asset management.",
  "sources": "Reads input filename ('ofile') and base directory ('basedir'), and uses an expand function ('expandfn') to list matching files in the filesystem.",
  "sinks": "Uses filesystem interactions via the expand function, and performs regex matching on filenames and paths to identify revved files.",
  "flows": "Input filename is sanitized and processed to form a search pattern. Files matching this pattern are filtered through regex to find revved versions. The path normalization and matching ensure only relevant revved files are returned.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious obfuscated code present. The regex pattern and filtering appear standard for asset revving logic. The code avoids external network operations or data leaks.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a constructor 'RevvedFinder' that initializes with an expansion function and directory list, constructing a directory pattern string. The 'find' method handles various input cases, such as external links, root references, and relative paths. It constructs a filename regex to identify revved files (ending with a hash-like string before the filename). It filters the list of files obtained from the expand function, matching both the filename pattern and directory structure. The process appears straightforward for a file lookup utility, with no signs of malicious behavior or data exfiltration. No use of dynamic code execution, network operations, or hidden behaviors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility for locating versioned asset files based on filename patterns. It performs expected sanitization, path normalization, and filtering, with no indicators of malicious intent or sabotage. It does not include any obfuscated or suspicious code segments. Overall, it appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}