{
  "purpose": "The code defines a PostCSS plugin that processes CSS declarations, specifically transforming rgb/rgba functions into custom property-based rgba notation and generating corresponding opacity properties.",
  "sources": "The code reads CSS declaration properties and values, primarily via the 'decl' object, which contains the property name and value. It also parses the value string using 'postcss-values-parser'.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies CSS declarations by cloning and replacing property values, potentially affecting how CSS is rendered or styled. No direct data leak or system effect is observed.",
  "flows": "Source: 'decl' property and value -> Parsing with 'valuesParser' -> Conditions to process rgb/rgba functions -> Cloning and modifying CSS declarations (cloning before, assigning new value) -> Final CSS output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. No network or system calls, no eval or dynamic code execution. The code performs standard CSS transformations. No obfuscated code features or uncommon language constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code is a PostCSS plugin that identifies CSS custom properties and standard properties containing rgb or rgba functions. It parses the values, extracts RGB components, and generates new properties for separated RGB and opacity components. It then updates the original property to use rgba with CSS variables. The logic appears to be safe, well-structured, and does not include any malicious code or external network activity. It does not manipulate system files, environment variables, or perform any unsafe operations. The parsing and value manipulation are straightforward and confined to CSS transformation. No suspicious or malicious behavior is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe PostCSS plugin designed for CSS color transformation. It contains no malicious intent, no malware indicators, and does not pose security risks. It functions solely as a CSS utility for color processing. Overall, it appears secure and benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}