{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of utility functions that extend JavaScript native prototypes (Function, Array, String, Object, Number) for functional programming support, including methods like _$each, _$map, _$fold, _$merge, and asynchronous control flow helpers. It also includes global utility functions for object construction, function composition, error handling, and environment detection.",
  "sources": "The code reads global objects (Function.prototype, Array.prototype, String.prototype, Object.prototype, Number.prototype), and global functions/objects such as global, window, process, setImmediate, setTimeout. It also reads object properties and method parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe sinks include the use of _$get and _$put which manipulate object properties via paths, possibly allowing untrusted data to modify objects in unintended ways. The code does not execute untrusted input directly but extends core prototypes, which could be exploited if other parts of the environment or data are compromised.",
  "flows": "Input data can flow from external sources into the extended prototype methods (like _$get, _$put, _$merge), or through functions like _$construct, _$compose, and _$partial, which could be misused to inject or manipulate data or functions. The code does not include network communication, file operations, or external data flows that could be malicious.",
  "anomalies": "The code consistently extends native prototypes, which can be risky as it modifies core language behavior globally. The method _$negate has a peculiar implementation that returns a negated version of a function, which could lead to unexpected behavior if misused. The use of self-punching functions (via _$punch) could facilitate code injection if misused, but the code itself does not contain malicious payloads. The presence of extensive prototype modifications is unusual and can be considered a design anomaly, though not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code adds a large suite of functional utilities directly onto native JavaScript prototypes, enabling concise functional programming patterns. It employs 'punching' functions into prototypes, which is a pattern that can be dangerous if misused, but in this code, it appears to be used for convenience. There are no signs of external network calls, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code uses environment detection to provide compatible nextTick implementations, and defines utility functions like _$construct for object creation, and function composition helpers. The only potential concern is the global extension of prototypes and the dynamic nature of these extensions, which could be exploited in malicious contexts. No clear malicious intent or malware signatures are evident. The code is complex but appears focused on utility and functional pattern support.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive utility library that extends JavaScript core objects to support functional programming techniques. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware signatures. The main risk stems from prototype pollution, which is a known security concern but not necessarily malicious if used carefully. Overall, the code is not malicious but could be dangerous if combined with other malicious code or if misused, particularly due to the global modifications.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 5
}