{
  "purpose": "The code defines a series of prototype extensions and utility functions for functional programming support in JavaScript, including iteration, mapping, folding, composing, and utility methods for objects, arrays, strings, and functions.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function arguments, object properties, array elements, and global objects such as 'global' or 'window'. It also reads environment variables such as 'process' and 'setImmediate' to determine environment capabilities.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive operations include '_$get' and '_$put' methods which access or modify object properties via paths. These could be misused if combined with untrusted input to access or modify data. The code also sets global functions and properties, which could be exploited if maliciously replaced or used. No network or file system operations are present, but global function hooks and object manipulations are potentially sensitive.",
  "flows": "The code does not establish explicit data flow paths like user input to sink; however, functions like '_$get' and '_$put' can operate on user-controlled object paths. The functions '_$capture' and '_$nextTickApply' can execute code and handle errors, potentially executing untrusted code if functions are replaced maliciously. The utility functions allow chaining and composing, which could be exploited if combined with malicious input.",
  "anomalies": "The code extends native prototypes with numerous methods, which can be risky in some environments due to potential conflicts or overrides. The presence of functions like '_$capture' that wrap function execution with try-catch could hide malicious behavior if the wrapped function is malicious. The code uses dynamic environment detection for 'nextTick' implementations, which is standard but requires caution. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No obfuscation or minification is detected; code uses readable patterns. The license comment at the start is benign.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily adds functional programming utilities and prototype extensions to Object, Array, String, and Function. These include iteration, mapping, folding, reversing, composing, and control flow utilities. It creates global functions for constructing objects and managing asynchronous callbacks. No network, file, or suspicious domain activity is present. The '_$get' and '_$put' methods provide dynamic property access, which could be exploited if used with untrusted input, but this is a common pattern in utility libraries. The global environment detection and dynamic method creation are standard practices. There are no signs of malicious code or backdoors, and the functions are consistent with utility library patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign utility library for functional programming in JavaScript, adding prototype methods and global utilities. There is no evidence of malicious intent or malware. The potential security concern lies in the use of '_$get' and '_$put' with untrusted paths, which could lead to data leakage or modification if misused. Overall, the code is a standard utility set with no direct malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}