{
  "purpose": "The code initializes and manages map layers and sources, including loading GeoJSON data and vector tiles, and adds them to a map for visualization purposes.",
  "sources": "Fetch requests to external URLs for GeoJSON files, particularly in load_geojsons function with url + layer name. No other direct data input sources observed.",
  "sinks": "map.addSource and map.addLayer functions which add data sources and layers to the map, potentially rendering external or dynamic data. Fetching external GeoJSON files from provided URLs.",
  "flows": "Fetch data from external URLs -> process GeoJSON data -> modify feature properties -> add sources and layers to the map.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or obfuscated code detected. No code performs network communications beyond fetching external GeoJSON files. No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behavior apparent. The code dynamically adds layers based on external data but does not seem to perform any malicious actions.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles map layer and source management using Mapbox GL JS style. It fetches external GeoJSON files based on a URL and layer list, then processes and adds them to the map. No user input processing or untrusted data flows other than the initial fetches. The data flow is straightforward: fetch external data, process properties, and add to map. No suspicious code, backdoors, or malware-like behaviors such as data exfiltration or malicious network communications are present. The code is well-structured and does not contain obfuscated or suspicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for map data loading and visualization with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It fetches and displays external geojson data, processes feature properties, and adds layers accordingly. No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}