{
  "purpose": "This code is a Webpack configuration file used to set up build processes for a JavaScript project, including development and production environments.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (process.env.npm_lifecycle_event, process.env.HOST, process.env.PORT), file paths (path.join), require statements for Webpack plugins and loaders.",
  "sinks": "None of the code directly writes to or reads sensitive data, nor does it send data over the network. It primarily configures build behavior.",
  "flows": "The code reads environment variables to determine build mode, then configures Webpack accordingly. No untrusted input data flows into sensitive sinks; the configuration primarily sets up build pipelines.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns detected. The code follows standard Webpack configuration practices. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. No dynamic execution or obfuscation observed.",
  "analysis": "The script imports necessary Webpack plugins and modules, then defines separate configurations for development and production environments based on environment variables. It sets paths, entry points, output settings, module rules, and plugins accordingly. The use of environment variables like HOST and PORT is standard for development server configuration. No use of untrusted data sources, no code injection, or suspicious network activity. The code is straightforward, typical for build setups, with no indicators of malicious behavior or malware. It does not contain any obfuscated or malicious code snippets. It appears to be a legitimate configuration file.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard Webpack configuration for building a JavaScript project in both development and production environments. It does not contain any malicious behavior or malware. The security risk is minimal, and the overall code appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}