{
  "purpose": "This code implements a React component for image cropping with optional sliders for zoom, rotation, and aspect ratio, as well as modal controls for editing images before upload.",
  "sources": "User interactions via file upload and modal controls; reading image files using FileReader; retrieving image DOM elements during cropping.",
  "sinks": "Canvas rendering of cropped images; blob creation and conversion to File objects; invoking upload callbacks; setting modal image state.",
  "flows": "File input triggers FileReader; FileReader loads image data into modal; user confirms crop; crop data is processed into a canvas; canvas converts to Blob and File; callbacks are invoked to proceed with upload.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code detected. The code performs standard image cropping and file handling operations. No suspicious network requests or data exfiltration observed. Usage of 'react-easy-crop' and 'antd' components is legitimate. The code handles user input securely via FileReader and canvas processing, with no apparent injection or leakage points.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React-based image cropping modal component that handles image uploads, cropping, and processing. It uses standard methods for reading image files, rendering them on canvas, and creating new files for upload. All file handling appears to follow common practices, with callbacks to handle user confirmation or cancellation. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote code execution, or covert network activity. External libraries are used for UI components and cropping functionality. No obfuscated or minified code segments indicate malicious intent. The code appears well-structured and purpose-driven without hidden or suspicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate React image cropping component with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs expected operations for image upload, cropping, and file processing, adhering to common security practices. No malware or security risks are detected based on this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}