{
  "purpose": "The code is a JavaScript matrix library providing data conversion functions and matrix operations, intended for mathematical computations and data formatting.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from function parameters such as arrays, matrices, or strings (for CSV/JSON). Data is read from these inputs during initialization, cloning, or conversion functions.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include console.log (for debugging), data returned as strings (CSV/JSON), or data assigned to matrix elements. No external network or system modification is detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into matrix objects; conversions (mat2csv, json2mat) read from matrices and output strings; clone and copy functions duplicate data internally without external interaction.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns. Helper functions are complex but typical of transpiled code. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code signatures are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive matrix utility library with functions for matrix creation, manipulation, and data format conversions. Helper functions are complex but consistent with transpilation artifacts. No external system calls, network activity, or malicious behaviors are present. The complex helper functions and transpilation artifacts justify a high obfuscation score but do not indicate malicious intent. The data flows are internal, and no suspicious data exfiltration or sabotage is detected. The code's primary purpose is mathematical and data formatting operations, with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured matrix library with no malicious behavior. Obfuscation scores reflect transpilation artifacts rather than malicious obfuscation. Overall security risk is very low. The malware score should be 0, obfuscation around 0.75 due to transpilation complexity, and risk at 0.2.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}