{
  "purpose": "The code primarily sets up an AngularJS application with directives, services, and controllers for documentation purposes, including code embedding, editing, and external link handling.",
  "sources": "Data read from DOM elements (e.g., scripts, body), attributes ($attrs), and external URLs via regular expressions. It also reads from NG_DOCS configuration variables.",
  "sinks": "HTML rendering functions, form submission, external script/link insertion, and network requests (disqus script loading, form POST).",
  "flows": "Input data from DOM or attributes flows into HTML templates, URL manipulations, or external script loading; form data flows into form submissions for external sites like Plunkr and JSFiddle.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code dynamically constructs HTML, including embedding script/link tags based on DOM inspection and attributes. The dynamic construction of external script/link tags may be risky if URLs are manipulated, but currently they are derived from DOM or configuration variables. No suspicious obfuscated code, no suspicious network activity beyond expected disqus script loading, and no hidden backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard AngularJS directive, service, and controller setup with dynamic HTML template generation and external resource loading. The directives focus on UI behaviors like focus management and code editing interfaces, while services handle URL collection and form posting. External scripts are loaded from DOM scripts, and URLs are sanitized via regex matching, which does not indicate malicious intent. The dynamic generation of HTML and form data for external sites like Plunkr and JSFiddle appears intended for sharing code snippets, with no suspicious payloads or hidden behaviors. There is no evidence of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious network activity. The only point of concern is the dynamic assembly of resource links and form data, which relies on external configuration and DOM, but this is typical for such tools and does not constitute malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard implementation of an AngularJS documentation application with features for code sharing and UI interactions. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware signatures are detected. The code executes typical functions expected in such a context, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}