{
  "purpose": "Enhance or polyfill the Web Animations API by adding custom handling for animation cancel events, enabling event listeners to respond to animation cancellations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the DOM via document.createElement, the animation effect input, and the current time functions (performance.now, Date.now). It also accesses the native animate method and event properties.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write or send data externally; it only manages internal event handling and method overrides within the browser environment.",
  "flows": "The code intercepts calls to Element.prototype.animate (source), wraps the cancel method and event listener functions (sinks), and triggers custom cancel events asynchronously (flow) when animations are canceled.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns; the code is straightforward, with clear purpose. No obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or malicious constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a self-invoking function that checks for native support of the cancel event, then overrides Element.prototype.animate to add custom cancel event handling. It creates a custom AnimationCancelEvent class, wraps the cancel method to trigger event handlers asynchronously, and manages event listeners for 'cancel' events. The code is well-structured, uses standard techniques, and does not perform any network activity or malicious actions. It is a benign extension aimed at improving animation event handling. No vulnerabilities, data leaks, or malicious behaviors are detected. The code is not obfuscated and adheres to best practices for such polyfills.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a safe, benign enhancement for handling animation cancel events in browsers. It does not contain malware, obfuscation, or security risks. The low risk score (0.1) and zero malware score are justified. The code is well-structured, purposeful, and does not pose security concerns.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}