{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to monitor when elements matching a specific selector enter or exit the viewport and toggle a CSS class accordingly.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'options' parameter, including 'selector', 'addedClass', 'windowTrigger', and 'enableExit'. It also accesses DOM elements via 'document.querySelectorAll' and window properties like 'innerHeight' and 'pageYOffset'.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies DOM elements by adding or removing classes, which can influence styling or animations. No other data sinks such as network requests or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "The code flow involves reading options and DOM data as sources, calculating positions on resize and scroll events, and then adding/removing classes based on scroll position relative to element positions.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward and standard for a viewport visibility check. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious logic are present. No network or external data leaks are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with input validation for 'options.selector' and sets default values for optional parameters. It then selects targeted DOM elements and sets up event listeners for 'resize' and 'scroll'. The core function 'calculatePosition' computes viewport-related metrics and toggles classes on target elements based on their position relative to the viewport and the options provided. The logic is standard for visibility detection and class toggling, with no suspicious operations or malicious behaviors. No use of external data, network calls, or hidden backdoors are present. The code is clean, functional, and appears to serve a legitimate purpose without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard viewport visibility script with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs expected DOM manipulations based on scroll and resize events without engaging in any suspicious activities. No malware or security concerns are evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}