{
  "purpose": "This function adds or removes a specified CSS class to elements when they enter or exit the viewport based on scroll and resize events, likely for in-view animations or effects.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from the options parameter, specifically options.selector, options.addedClass, options.windowTrigger, options.enableExit; accesses DOM via document.querySelectorAll; reads window dimensions and scroll position.",
  "sinks": "Modifies class lists of DOM elements (targetElement.classList.add/remove). No direct sinks that send data externally or execute untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Inputs (options and DOM properties) influence the calculation of element visibility; class modifications are applied based on scroll/resize events, controlling visual state. No external data flow to network or system.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code follows standard viewport visibility logic. No obfuscated or misleading variable names. No unusual dynamic code execution, external requests, or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes with default options if not provided, then sets up event listeners for 'resize' and 'scroll' to trigger the position calculation. The main function computes whether target elements are within the viewport based on the trigger threshold and toggle classes accordingly. It operates solely within the DOM and window context, performing typical in-view checks. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, network requests, or code injection are present. The code appears to be a standard utility for viewport detection and class toggling, with safe and straightforward logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical in-view detection utility with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It simply adds/removes classes based on element visibility, with well-structured logic and no external network or data leaks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}