{
  "purpose": "This source code implements various matrix operations, including creation, manipulation, and inversion of 4x4 matrices, likely for graphics or mathematical computations in 3D space.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as matrices and vectors passed to functions like equals, determinant, identity, translation, shearMatrix3, and various matrix multiplication and inversion functions.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write untrusted data to external systems, network, or files. No external data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Input matrices or vectors (sources) are processed within functions like equals, determinant, inversion, transpose, and multiplication functions, producing output matrices. No external data flows to network or system components.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. No use of dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or misleading variables. The code appears straightforward mathematical matrix operations without malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines functions for creating, copying, comparing, transposing, inverting, and multiplying matrices. It uses standard mathematical operations and common practices for matrix manipulation. The functions involve reading matrix data via parameters (sources) and returning new matrices or modifying passed-in matrices (no external system calls). The presence of mathematical functions like determinant, inversion, and Gauss-Jordan elimination are typical for graphics/math libraries. There are no indications of data leaks, malicious network activity, or backdoors. The code appears to serve a legitimate purpose related to 3D transformations. No obfuscation, malicious payloads, or suspicious data handling were found.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical utility library for 4x4 matrices, with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is well-structured, with standard implementations of matrix operations. No malicious signals or anomalous behaviors are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}