{
  "purpose": "The code defines React components for image cropping and editing, including UI controls for zoom and rotation, and handles image upload and cropping operations.",
  "sources": "Image files from user upload via input elements, and data from props and internal state (e.g., src, cropPixelsRef).",
  "sinks": "File creation and conversion to blob, image rendering on canvas, and callback functions for upload validation and completion.",
  "flows": "User uploads an image -> FileReader reads image data -> image is rendered for cropping -> User adjusts crop, zoom, rotation -> onOk creates new image blob and potentially calls beforeUpload -> Promise resolves with new File object.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activities detected. The code appears to be a standard image crop component. Style injection uses a static CSS string. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code. No hidden network requests or data leaks are evident. The code uses standard React patterns and third-party libraries (react-easy-crop, antd).",
  "analysis": "The code defines React components for image cropping, with functions for handling image upload, cropping, zoom, rotation, and image processing using Canvas API. It includes callbacks for file upload validation and completion. Style injection is done via a static CSS string. No malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or cryptomining is present. No suspicious network connections or obfuscated code identified. All external libraries are well-known and used appropriately. The internal logic is focused solely on image cropping workflows.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React-based image cropper component with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It processes user images securely within the expected scope. No security risks or malware behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}