{
  "purpose": "The code provides React components for image cropping with zoom and rotate functionalities, including styles injection for modal appearance.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from files via the FileReader API, and from image elements in the DOM. It also reads properties from user-provided props such as 'beforeUpload', 'accept', and input files.",
  "sinks": "The code creates image files (blobs) from canvas data, which are then passed to callbacks or returned from promises for upload. No direct network transmission or data leakage is explicitly coded here.",
  "flows": "File input data flows from user-selected files through FileReader, then into the cropping canvas, which generates new Blob objects representing cropped images. These are passed to resolution functions or further upload functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network calls are present. The code uses standard React and browser APIs for image processing. Style injection is benign. The only dynamic operation involves image file processing, which is common for such components. No obfuscated or unusual code patterns detected. The 'beforeUpload' callback can be customized by the user but is not malicious by itself.",
  "analysis": "The code implements an image cropping modal with zoom and rotate features, utilizing React hooks and third-party libraries. It reads image files via FileReader, processes images on a canvas, and creates new image files (blobs) for upload or further handling. No network calls, system modification, or hidden behaviors are observed. The style injection is safe and for UI purposes only. The code respects typical security practices for handling user files. No evidence of malicious code, backdoors, or malware behavior. The potential for malicious behavior would rely on external 'beforeUpload' callbacks, which are user-defined and outside this code's control.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard React image cropper component with styling injection. It processes user images securely using browser APIs and does not contain malicious behavior or malware. No security risks are evident within this module; risks depend on external callbacks or integrations. Overall, the code is safe and does not exhibit obfuscated or malicious patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}