{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for creating and manipulating Bezier curves, including calculating points on the curve, subdividing, and evaluating curve values at specific x-coordinates. It appears to be used for graphical or animation purposes involving Bezier curves.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'percent', 'x', 'p1', 'p2', 'p3', 'p4', and the 'curve' array. No external data sources or user input streams are explicitly accessed within the code.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any sinks that send data to external systems, network, or system files. It performs purely mathematical calculations without side effects.",
  "flows": "The source inputs (parameters) are used within functions to compute new coordinates or values; notably, 'getValue' uses 'x' and 'curve' to find a corresponding 'y' value via subdivision, with internal calls to 'subdivide' and 'getBezier' for calculations.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors. The code is straightforward mathematical logic related to Bezier curves. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or suspicious constructs are present. The use of recursion in 'subdivide' is controlled via 'maxLevel' and 'precision' to prevent infinite loops.",
  "analysis": "The code defines coordinate manipulation functions and Bezier basis functions, then uses these to compute points on a cubic Bezier curve and evaluate 'y' at a given 'x' by subdividing the curve recursively. No data leaks, external network calls, or malicious data handling are present. The subdivision algorithm is standard, with safeguards against infinite recursion. Overall, the code is clean, well-structured, and focused solely on mathematical operations related to Bezier curves.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate utility for Bezier curve computations without any malicious intent. There are no signs of malware, suspicious data leaks, or malicious behaviors. It is safe and focused on mathematical processing of graphical curves.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}