{
  "purpose": "Provide utility functions for creating, manipulating, and evaluating Bezier curves, including coordinate operations, Bezier basis functions, curve point calculation, subdivision, and value extraction along the curve.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters for functions such as 'percent', 'x', and control points ('C1' to 'C4'), as well as optional parameters like 'level' for recursion.",
  "sinks": "Calculations involving coordinate manipulations, recursive subdivision, and evaluations that produce numerical outputs based on input data.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (percent, x, control points) flow into basis functions and 'getBezier', which compute points on the curve. 'subdivide' recursively refines the curve at a specific x-value, ultimately returning a y-value. 'getValue' iterates through curve segments and calls 'subdivide' to find the y at a given x.",
  "anomalies": "No signs of code that read sensitive data, hardcoded credentials, or unusual behaviors. No dynamic code execution or network activity observed. The code appears to be straightforward computational utilities for Bezier curves.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of mathematical utility functions to handle Bezier curves, including creation of coordinate objects, basic arithmetic, basis functions, point evaluation, subdivision, and value retrieval along the curve. It uses recursive subdivision with maxLevel and precision to approximate points on the curve. No dynamic or external inputs (such as network requests or system data) are involved. The code is purely computational, with no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware. The logic is consistent with standard Bezier curve operations. No obfuscated or suspicious code constructs are present. The functions operate on provided data and return numerical results without side effects.",
  "conclusion": "This code constitutes a standard implementation of Bezier curve calculations and does not demonstrate any malicious behavior or security risks. It functions as mathematical utilities with no network, data leakage, or malicious operations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}