{
  "purpose": "This code is a Grunt task plugin that automates inserting script tags into HTML files by reading source file paths, generating script tags, and injecting them into specified sections of target HTML files.",
  "sources": "Reads input file paths from 'f.src', and reads destination HTML files from 'f.dest'. It also reads options such as 'appRoot', 'relative', 'prefix', 'fileRef', 'startTag', and 'endTag'.",
  "sinks": "Modifies HTML files by inserting script tags between specified tags. Writes back to the same files, potentially overwriting content.",
  "flows": "Source: 'f.src' file paths -> 'scripts' array; Data: generated script tags -> inserted into HTML files read from 'f.dest' -> written back to disk.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code detected. The code performs standard file manipulations and string operations. Use of 'console.log' for debugging may expose paths or file info but is not malicious. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution present.",
  "analysis": "The code registers a Grunt task that processes specified source files to generate script tags, then finds specific tags in destination HTML files to inject these scripts. It filters source files based on existence, constructs script tags with optional prefixes or custom references, and maintains indentation padding during insertion. It performs straightforward file reading, string searching, and writing operations. No suspicious network activity, code injection, or data leakage mechanisms are present. The use of 'console.log' and 'grunt.log.writeln' is benign and for logging purposes. No hardcoded secrets or malicious behaviors identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Grunt plugin for injecting script tags into HTML files. It does not contain any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks based on its functionality. It operates solely on file manipulation for development automation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}