{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for parsing, analyzing, and manipulating JavaScript source code, such as handling comments, strings, whitespace, and syntax structures. It appears to support a code formatter or linter.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, such as text, nodes, and paths. It extracts string contents, comment values, and source code locations via node properties and text slices.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write to external systems or perform data leakage. It processes source code strings internally, with no network or file system interactions observed.",
  "flows": "The functions operate on source code text and AST nodes, with source-to-sink flows primarily involving parsing (reading) input strings and node properties. No untrusted data flow leading to vulnerabilities is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive utility functions with no apparent malicious or suspicious logic. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected. All functions serve code analysis purposes. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or external data manipulation are present. There are no hidden or obfuscated behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of parsing and utility functions for JavaScript source code analysis. It includes regular expressions, string manipulation, comment handling, AST node property management, and operator precedence logic. All functions perform standard, safe operations related to code formatting, comment placement, and syntax checks. There are no indications of malicious intent, hidden backdoors, or harmful behavior. The absence of network operations, system modifications, or data exfiltration logic further confirms the benign nature. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate part of a code formatting or analysis tool.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a set of safe utility functions intended for JavaScript source code processing, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not perform any suspicious actions such as data theft, network communication, or system modification. The functions are typical for a code formatter or linter, with no harmful intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}