{
  "purpose": "The code implements client-side table sorting functionality by attaching event listeners to table headers, allowing users to sort data by columns interactively.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from DOM elements such as table headers ('th') attributes like 'data-col', 'data-nosort', 'data-type', and cell data-value attributes from table rows ('td'). It also reads the current DOM structure to identify table, header, body, and rows.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies DOM elements by adding innerHTML (with HTML snippets), class names for sort indicators, and reordering row elements within the table body. It does not write to external systems or send data externally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from DOM attributes ('data-value') and 'data-col' attributes in table cells to in-memory data objects. Sorting functions manipulate DOM elements based on these data objects. User interactions (clicks on headers) trigger sorting functions, updating the DOM accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be straightforward, implementing standard table sorting. No hardcoded credentials, network activity, or backdoors are evident. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or suspicious external dependencies are present. The only notable aspect is innerHTML modification for adding sort indicators, which is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The script loads table header and row data by reading 'data-' attributes, stores them in in-memory objects, and sorts rows based on these data. It dynamically updates class names for sorting indicators. Event listeners are properly attached to facilitate user-initiated sorting. No signs of malicious behavior, such as network requests, data exfiltration, or code injection, are present. The code operates solely within the DOM, performing client-side sorting without external communication.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of client-side table sorting with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior detected. It functions to enhance UI interactivity. The code does not include any malicious payloads, backdoors, or external communication. Overall, it appears safe.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}