{
  "purpose": "This code serves as a React Native wrapper around the VK SDKs for login and sharing functionalities, providing methods for user authentication, sharing content, and retrieving access tokens and certificate fingerprints.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters such as vkAppId, scopesArray, and options (including image), and checks the platform via Platform.OS.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include VKLogin and VKShare native module methods that perform login, share, and credential retrieval operations, and resolveAssetSource that processes images for sharing.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (vkAppId, scopesArray, options) are passed into native module methods for login, sharing, and info retrieval. Image URIs are resolved and passed to native modules, which then interact with the VK SDKs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code appears standard for a React Native wrapper. There is a minimal warning for Android-only function. No unusual or obfuscated code. No dynamic code execution, no suspicious variable names, or code that reads system info beyond standard platform checks.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical wrapper implementation for VK SDK functionalities within React Native, calling native modules for login, sharing, and info retrieval. It includes parameter processing, platform checks, and Promise-based async calls. No suspicious or malicious code patterns detected. The only minor concern is the sharing of images, but this is standard functionality. No indications of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious behaviors. The code adheres to common patterns and best practices for this use case.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate React Native wrapper for VK SDK functionalities with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It primarily facilitates user login and sharing through native modules, with standard platform checks. No security risks or malicious behaviors are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}