{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a date-time picker UI component with configurable options such as placement, type, format, and z-index.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the DOM elements (e.g., input elements, parent nodes), and uses configuration options passed to the constructor.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates DOM attributes and styles, and attaches event listeners. No direct data leaks or system modifications are observed.",
  "flows": "Input elements and DOM nodes are processed to set up the date picker UI; configuration options flow into the component setup; event handlers respond to user interactions. No data from untrusted sources flows into insecure sinks that could cause security issues.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a large block of minified and obfuscated code that appears to be a third-party library (likely 'betterDatePicker.umd.js'). It references internal functions and internal source maps, which is common in minified library code. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are evident. No unusual or malicious code constructs are visible. The code is primarily DOM manipulation and event handling.",
  "analysis": "The script defines utility functions for type checking and DOM traversal, then constructs a date picker component with configurable options. The majority of the code is dedicated to UI setup, event handling, and styling. The presence of a source map reference indicates it's a third-party library, likely for date picking. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns such as dynamic code execution, network requests, or data exfiltration are visible. The code does not process or store sensitive data insecurely, nor does it include any known malware signatures.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard, minified third-party date picker library with no malicious intent. It performs typical UI setup and event handling without suspicious network activity or system modification. No security risks or malware behavior are evident based on the provided snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}