{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be part of a React-based mapping library that provides components for rendering maps and map markers, with server-side rendering support.",
  "sources": "Reads import statements, require calls for dependencies (React, leaflet, react-dom/server, prop-types, internal chunks), and dynamic requires within functions.",
  "sinks": "Creates React elements, map icons, and map components; potential data flows include rendering HTML strings from React elements, which could be used maliciously if settings are manipulated.",
  "flows": "Data flows from imported modules and settings (for icons) through functions creating icons and components, eventually rendering React components or map icons. No direct untrusted input handling is visible.",
  "anomalies": "Conditional icon creation functions (`createIcon` and `createDivIcon`) depend on runtime environment and generate leaflet icons from provided settings, but the code does not sanitize or validate these settings. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are observed. The code uses dynamic requires and runtime module loading, which is typical but should be noted. The code has minimal functionality beyond map rendering, with no suspicious network activity, obfuscated code, or malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component library for mapping, with server-side rendering support. It dynamically imports and creates map icons based on runtime settings, but lacks validation or sanitization of these settings. It conditionally loads leaflet modules only in a browser environment. The code structure is typical for React apps and map integrations. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful side-effects. The dynamic require statements are common in code-splitting and environment-specific code but could be misused if settings are manipulated externally; however, no such inputs are evident here. The code does not contain obfuscated, hidden, or malicious payloads. Overall, the code seems to serve its purpose as a map component library without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard React map component implementation with server-side rendering support. No malicious or sabotage behavior is detected. It dynamically creates map icons and components based on runtime data, but without any indication of malicious intent or security issues. The risk of malicious behavior is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}