{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be part of a React-based mapping library or component, providing isomorphic (server and client) components for rendering maps and icons using Leaflet.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (window, typeof window !== 'undefined'), dynamic requires for './chunk-b0b9d45a.js', './chunk-d4baf917.js', './BasicMap', and './Map'. It also accesses DOM-related objects (window, ReactDOMServer).",
  "sinks": "Uses 'leaflet' library to create icons and div icons, which could potentially be manipulated if malicious data is passed. It renders React components and converts React elements to strings. No network, file system, or environment variable leaks are evident.",
  "flows": "Input settings for createIcon and createDivIcon are passed in, potentially containing URLs or elements. These settings are used to instantiate Leaflet icons. React component states are set to manage loading indicators. No untrusted data flows to sensitive sinks or system commands.",
  "anomalies": "Conditional creation of icons depending on environment (browser vs server) appears normal. Use of require() for modules at runtime, dynamic rendering of React components, and rendering React elements to strings are standard patterns. No suspicious dynamic code execution, backdoors, or hardcoded secrets are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines React components with loading states, dynamically loads modules, and creates Leaflet icons/div icons based on settings. The dynamic require() calls are wrapped with environment checks, preventing server-side execution of browser-specific code. No signs of obfuscated or malicious code patterns. The use of ReactDOMServer.renderToString is typical for server-side rendering. No network calls, data exfiltration, or backdoors are observed. The overall structure indicates a standard React component setup for maps and icons.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be legitimate React components for map rendering using Leaflet, with environment-aware icon creation functions. No malicious or sabotage behaviors are detected. The code relies on external modules and standard React/Leaflet patterns, with no suspicious data leaks or malware signs.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}