{
  "purpose": "This code defines React components for map rendering, including dynamic icon creation using the Leaflet library, with server-side rendering support.",
  "sources": "Requires external modules: './chunk-b0b9d45a.js', './chunk-d4baf917.js', 'react', 'react-dom/server', 'prop-types', 'leaflet', './BasicMap', './Map'. These are used to load dependencies, React components, and libraries.",
  "sinks": "Potential sink points include dynamic creation of icons and map components, and server-side rendering of React elements to HTML strings.",
  "flows": "Data flows from configuration objects ('settings') to Leaflet icon creation, and React component props to rendering components. User input or untrusted data could influence the icon creation or component rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code structures. Conditional requiring of 'leaflet' and rendering functions are standard. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines React components with asynchronous loading states, dynamically creates map icons via the Leaflet library, and performs server-side rendering of React elements into HTML strings for icon elements. External modules are required for functionality, and conditional code ensures browser environment handling. There are no indications of data leaks, malicious data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The code appears to implement standard map rendering functionality with dynamic icon support. No obfuscation or malicious behaviors are evident. The use of server-side rendering for icons is typical in isomorphic React applications. Overall, the code is a legitimate implementation with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React component implementation for map visualization, with dynamic icon creation and server-side rendering. It does not contain malware or malicious behaviors. No security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}