{
  "purpose": "This code provides React components for map rendering with conditional icon creation, supporting server-side rendering and dynamic icon generation using Leaflet.",
  "sources": "React components, conditional imports of 'leaflet', require statements for external modules, dynamic require calls within functions, ReactDOMServer.renderToString for HTML rendering.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable functions include dynamic require calls and rendering functions that accept external data (settings) for icon creation, which could be exploited if malicious data is supplied.",
  "flows": "External settings objects pass data into createIcon and createDivIcon functions, which generate Leaflet icon instances. The React components load data asynchronously and render map components based on internal state, with no direct data sanitization shown.",
  "anomalies": "Use of require() within functions instead of static imports, dynamic creation of icons based on external 'settings' objects, rendering React elements to string, and conditional logic based on environment (window check). No hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code are present. The code appears standard for SSR and client-side map rendering.",
  "analysis": "The code imports React components and uses conditional logic to load Leaflet only on the client-side, which is typical for SSR setups. It defines components that manage loading states and asynchronously load map components. The createIcon and createDivIcon functions depend on external 'settings' objects, which are used to create Leaflet icon instances. These settings can include HTML or URLs, but there is no direct injection point for malicious code beyond standard data handling. The dynamic require calls and rendering to string are common in React SSR environments. No signs of malware, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks are evident. The code does not process user input directly nor does it perform network communication or system modifications.",
  "conclusion": "The code is standard React and Leaflet setup for map rendering with server-side rendering support. No malicious behavior or malware indicators are found. It relies on external data for icon creation, but this is expected and not inherently malicious. No security risks are identified beyond normal usage considerations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}