{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions to handle PEM certificates, including printing, signing, validating, and retrieving certificate information.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from parameters 'from' and 'signer', which are passed to getPEM, a function imported from './pem'. It also reads options from the function parameters and from the 'options' object.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include calls to certificate.print, certificate.signedBy, certificate.validate, and certificate.getInfo, which process PEM data. The code does not write to external systems or network connections directly.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters ('from' and 'signer') to getPEM functions, then to certificate methods (print, signedBy, validate, getInfo). If options.domain is not set and source.type is 'DOMAIN', it sets options.domain, which could influence validation behavior.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code primarily orchestrates calls to other modules. The only minor noteworthy behavior is setting options.domain based on source type, which is typical for domain validation but could be misused if source.type is manipulated.",
  "analysis": "The code imports modules for handling certificates, PEM data, and console utilities. Each function asynchronously retrieves PEM data via getPEM and then calls respective certificate methods, passing PEM content and options. No network calls, data leaks, or suspicious behaviors are evident within this code snippet. There are no signs of obfuscation, code injection, or malicious payloads. The code appears to be a straightforward API wrapper around certificate processing functions, relying on external modules for core functionality. No hardcoded secrets or external data manipulations are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured API wrapper for certificate operations with no apparent malicious behavior or security risks. It depends on external modules for actual processing, which should be reviewed separately. Overall, no malicious intent or security threats are identified within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}