{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for handling PEM certificates, including printing, signing verification, validation, and retrieval of certificate info.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'from' and 'signer' parameters via the getPEM function, and from options such as 'verbose' and 'domain'. It also reads certificate data through the getPEM and certificate modules.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the calls to certificate.print, certificate.signedBy, certificate.validate, and certificate.getInfo, which process and possibly output or verify certificate data. No direct data leaks or malicious output mechanisms are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'from' and 'signer' parameters through getPEM functions to certificate methods for processing and verification. No external network or system commands are invoked. The code flows are straightforward: input parameters → data retrieval → certificate processing.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, backdoors, or malicious behavior detected. The code appears to be standard certificate handling functions with no hardcoded secrets, unusual logic, or obfuscated code. The console module is used for debugging logs, which is typical.",
  "analysis": "The code imports local modules related to certificate handling and provides async functions to process PEM data. Each function retrieves data via getPEM, then processes it with the certificate module. No external network activity, data exfiltration, or suspicious code patterns are present. The console module is used conditionally for verbose logging, which is typical. No hardcoded credentials or malicious payloads are detected. The flow is linear and secure, assuming the getPEM and certificate modules are trustworthy.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for certificate management, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks within this module. It relies on external modules, which should also be reviewed separately for security, but based on this code alone, there are no concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}