{
  "purpose": "This script functions as a command-line utility for various mathematical and numerical computations, including normalization, factorial calculation, statistical measures, and random number generation, based on user input arguments.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from process.argv (command-line arguments). The script processes the first argument as the command, and subsequent arguments as numerical parameters for calculations.",
  "sinks": "Output is sent to console.log or console.error. No untrusted data is written to external files, network, or environment variables. No sensitive data is stored or transmitted.",
  "flows": "Input command from process.argv determines which mathematical function from the imported module _1.SMath is invoked with the parsed numerical arguments. The data flows from user input to function invocation, then to console output.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain any suspicious code, hidden backdoors, or malicious logic. It strictly performs mathematical computations and prints results. There are no hardcoded credentials, network connections, or file manipulations. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The script begins by parsing command-line arguments, then displaying help information if requested or executing specific mathematical functions via a switch statement based on the input command. It relies on an external module _1.SMath for core computations. All input data is numerical, and outputs are simple console logs. The code structure is straightforward, with no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or code injection. There are no suspicious anomalies, no hidden or obfuscated code, and no dynamic execution beyond standard function calls.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate mathematical utility CLI tool with no evidence of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It processes user input securely within its scope and outputs results locally. No indicators suggest supply chain compromise or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}