{
  "purpose": "This code implements a higher-order reducer for managing undo/redo functionality in a Redux store, including history management, diff application, and action handling.",
  "sources": "Reads from imported modules ('./debug', './diff', './actions', './helpers'), and processes 'action' and 'state' parameters. No external input sources directly within this code fragment.",
  "sinks": "Uses debug logging functions and state mutation, but no apparent data leaks or unsafe external interactions. No network, file, or environment variable access observed.",
  "flows": "Processes actions to modify history (undo, redo, jump, clear) with potential diff application; flows from action type checks to history modifications and state updates.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code structures; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors. Use of diff application is standard for undo features. No obfuscated or misleading variable names detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for managing undo/redo history, including insert, undo, redo, jump, and history creation. It uses diff functions to handle state changes efficiently. The main 'undoable' reducer wraps a given reducer, intercepts specific action types, and manages history accordingly. No external network access, data leaks, or malicious side effects are present. The logging functions are used for debugging purposes but do not perform malicious activities. There is no code that manipulates environment variables, accesses system files, or performs data exfiltration. The code structure and imported modules are consistent with standard undo/redo implementations in Redux.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of undo/redo history management for Redux. It does not contain malicious behaviors or security risks. The code appears to be safe, with no signs of malware or supply chain attacks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}