{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Redux higher-order reducer to enable undo/redo functionality, managing state history with support for actions like undo, redo, jump, and clear history.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from action objects (e.g., action.type, action.index) and the current state; it also reads configuration options provided to the 'undoable' function.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks or side effects could occur if untrusted input (e.g., action.type or action.index) influences state mutations or triggers unexpected behavior, but the code primarily manages state locally without external system interaction.",
  "flows": "Input actions are processed to update history or move through past/future states, with source data (actions) affecting sinks (state updates). The functions handle state transitions based on action types and indices, with some flows involving diff operations if enabled.",
  "anomalies": "Code uses standard practices for managing history; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls are present. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious network activity is observed. The diff module is used for state comparison but appears to be part of normal diffing logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical implementation of a Redux undo/redo middleware, managing state history in an array-based manner. It processes action types for undo, redo, jump, and clear history, as well as filtering and diffing states if enabled. No external system calls, data exfiltration, or malicious side effects are present. The code structure is clear, and all data flows are contained within local memory management. No signs of malware or malicious intent are detected. The usage of diff for state changes is normal for such features and does not introduce security risks. The code does not handle sensitive credentials, nor does it perform any network operations or system modifications.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation of an undo/redo history management in Redux with optional diffing. There are no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}