{
  "purpose": "This code implements an undo/redo history management system for Redux reducers, allowing state transitions to be stored and navigated.",
  "sources": "Reads include 'require' statements for modules ('./debug', './diff', './actions', './helpers'), function parameters, and references to action types and history states.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve the usage of data from inputs such as actions and history states, which influence state transitions and can potentially be manipulated. There are no direct data leaks or external network calls.",
  "flows": "Data flows from action inputs and current state into history management functions (insert, undo, redo, jump), which produce new history states and update the present state accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code uses standard Redux patterns and imports. No suspicious or obfuscated code present. Use of diffing functions ('diff.diff', 'diff.apply', 'diff.revert') is consistent with state management. No side effects such as network calls, file system access, or data exfiltration are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured implementation of a Redux undo/redo system, managing history through slices of past, present, and future states. It includes functions for inserting states, undoing, redoing, and jumping within history. The module allows configuration of types, limits, and diffing. All data flows are within the context of state management; no external communications or sensitive data manipulations are evident. The import statements and code structure indicate standard development patterns without obfuscation or malicious intent. No anomalies or suspicious behaviors are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard implementation of a Redux undo/redo system without malicious or sabotage intent. It relies on common patterns and safe state management techniques, with no evidence of malware, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}