{
  "purpose": "This code implements an undo/redo history management system for Redux reducers, allowing state to be navigated backwards and forwards, with optional diffing for performance optimization.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from reducer actions, state parameters, and configuration objects. Uses require statements to import modules.",
  "sinks": "Uses imported functions and internal logic for diffing, state management, and history manipulation. Does not perform network requests, file system access, or external data leaks.",
  "flows": "Inputs from actions and initial state flow through functions like insert, undo, redo, jumpToPast, jumpToFuture, and the main undoable higher-order reducer to produce new history states.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, unusual code patterns, or suspicious dynamic code execution observed. Code structure is standard for a Redux middleware. No obfuscation, no eval, no dynamic require. No hidden network calls or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical implementation of a Redux undo/redo history feature. It uses standard JavaScript practices, imports well-known helper modules, and contains no malicious or suspicious behavior. The diff module's functions (diff.diff, diff.revert, diff.apply) are used for diffing states, which is safe given standard diff algorithms. The module handles state history carefully, with options for limits, filtering, and diff enabling. No evidence of malware, backdoors, or privacy leaks. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated parts. All data flows are internal and limited to state management. The code appears secure and aligned with its intended purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a standard Redux undo/redo history management utility without any malicious behavior or security risks. It performs safe state manipulations, uses common libraries, and has no signs of malware or suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}