{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript extension for a medical imaging viewer, including hanging protocols, custom attributes, and synchronization mechanisms. Its primary purpose is to configure and extend the viewer's capabilities.",
  "sources": "Imports external dependencies (e.g., 'config-point', '@cornerstonejs/core', '@cornerstonejs/tools'), loads package.json for package info, and defines extension registration functions. The main code initializes protocols, custom attributes, and synchronizers. No user input or untrusted data sources are present.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks that handle untrusted data or perform insecure operations are present. The code mainly registers configuration objects and functions for a viewer extension.",
  "flows": "Data flows from imported modules and configuration objects into extension registration functions. No data flows from external untrusted sources to critical points, nor are there any network or system calls involved.",
  "anomalies": "The code predominantly consists of configuration objects, extension registration, and module imports. It does not perform file system access, network communication, or dynamic code execution. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected. All code appears to be part of a well-structured extension module for a viewer framework.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a viewer extension with unique ID, registers custom attributes, and defines hanging protocols. It imports external modules safely, and the configuration objects contain descriptive properties. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, remote connections, or hidden backdoors. The code strictly manages viewer configuration and extension registration. The presence of extension registration, protocol definitions, and custom attribute additions aligns with typical plugin architecture. No obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard extension configuration for a medical imaging viewer, registering hanging protocols and custom attributes. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks within this code fragment. It appears to be a legitimate, well-structured plugin setup without any harmful behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}