{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to convert SVG elements into data URIs, PNGs, and facilitate downloading these images, primarily for exporting SVG content as images.",
  "sources": "Reads input from DOM elements passed as arguments (SVG or HTML elements), query selectors, and CSS rules. It also fetches font and image resources via XMLHttpRequest and network requests.",
  "sinks": "Uses data URLs, creates downloadable links, and opens new windows for exporting images. It converts image data into base64 and data URIs for rendering and download.",
  "flows": "Input DOM elements are cloned and processed; images and fonts are fetched and inlined; SVG content is converted into base64-encoded data URIs; these are then used to generate downloadable images or opened in new windows.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or suspicious backdoors detected. The code performs DOM manipulation, inline image/font processing, and data URI generation. No obfuscated or minified code is present. No external communication beyond resource fetching. The only network activity is fetching font and image resources, typical for inline rendering.",
  "analysis": "The script is a utility library for exporting SVGs as images, involving standard practices: cloning DOM nodes, inlining images/fonts, converting SVG to base64, and handling downloads. It fetches external resources via XMLHttpRequest, encodes them in base64, and embeds them into the SVG. It uses standard web APIs and no suspicious logic or hidden backdoors are evident. The code includes error handling and does not contain any code that exfiltrates data, connects to suspicious domains, or executes malicious commands. The overall structure and flow are consistent with legitimate image processing utilities.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate SVG export utility with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs standard DOM, CSS, and resource inlining tasks for exporting SVG content as PNG or data URI images. No malware or malicious behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}