{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to convert SVG elements to data URIs and PNG images, inline images and fonts within SVGs, and facilitate downloading or saving SVGs and PNGs. It appears to be a utility library for SVG export.",
  "sources": "The code reads DOM elements (SVG or HTML elements), their attributes, CSS rules, style sheets, and external resources such as fonts, images, and URLs. It also fetches external font files via XMLHttpRequest.",
  "sinks": "The code creates data URIs for SVG and PNG images, and initiates downloads through dynamically created anchor elements or browser-specific APIs. It also reads and fetches external resources that could potentially be manipulated.",
  "flows": "The code extracts SVG content, inlines images and fonts, converts to data URIs, and triggers downloads. Data flows from DOM element attributes and external URLs to data URIs or files via downloads, with some asynchronous resource fetching.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or suspicious backdoors detected. The code performs resource fetching and inline embedding of images/fonts, which is standard for SVG exporting. No obfuscated or intentionally misleading code is present. The use of XMLHttpRequest instead of modern fetch API is noted but not suspicious. The code does not send data externally; all network requests are to fetch resources.",
  "analysis": "The script is a utility for exporting SVGs as data URIs or PNG images, handling resource inlining for images and fonts. It performs DOM manipulations, style processing, resource fetching, and download initiation. The code follows standard practices for SVG manipulation and exporting. It does not include any code that attempts to exfiltrate user data, send system information, or connect to suspicious domains. It primarily uses the window, document, and XMLHttpRequest APIs to fetch external resources and embed them into SVGs. The only external network activity is for fetching font files, which is a common requirement. No obfuscated code, malware, or malicious behavior is detected. The code does not contain hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The overall security risk appears minimal and aligned with legitimate SVG export functionalities.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard SVG exporting utility with resource inlining capabilities. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, malware, or supply chain attacks. It is safe for use, assuming no external malicious resource URLs are supplied. Overall, low security concern.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}