{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to convert SVG elements to data URIs and PNG images, inline images and fonts, and facilitate downloading of SVG or PNG files in a browser environment. It aims to enable SVG export functionality with styling and embedded resources.",
  "sources": "The code reads DOM elements, CSS rules from stylesheets, font files via XMLHttpRequest, image sources via DOM attributes, and URL data (such as image hrefs). It also accesses environment variables such as window.location.host and devicePixelRatio.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting image src attributes, setting innerHTML of style tags, creating downloadable blobs or data URLs, and dynamically creating anchor elements for downloads. These sinks could be exploited if untrusted inputs are processed without validation.",
  "flows": "Untrusted sources such as external image URLs and CSS font URLs are fetched via XMLHttpRequest or manipulated into data URIs, then embedded into SVG or CSS. Data URIs are generated from external resources and embedded into SVG elements or styles, then converted into data URIs or downloadable files.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network connections are present. The code performs resource fetching, DOM manipulations, and data conversions typical for client-side SVG export tools. There is a debug/error logging for unknown font formats, but nothing suspicious. It does not include obfuscated or complex dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive SVG export utility, converting SVGs to data URIs or PNGs, inlining images and fonts, and enabling downloads. It loads external resources (images, fonts) via XMLHttpRequest or DOM fetching, converts them into embedded data URIs, and injects styles. It handles cross-origin images by adding cache-busting parameters and manages environment compatibility for file saving. No malicious intent or malware behavior (e.g., data exfiltration, reverse shells, mining) is detected; it functions as expected for SVG export purposes. All operations are client-side and involve standard web APIs with no suspicious network activity or code injection observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility for SVG processing and exporting, with no evidence of malicious or sabotage behavior. It loads external resources, embeds them into SVG or PNG images, and facilitates downloading, all in a standard manner. It does not contain malicious logic or suspicious external communication. The malware score is low, and overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}