{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JavaScript client library for integrating with a Keycloak authentication server, handling login, logout, token management, user profile, and iframe session checking.",
  "sources": "Reads data from script tags, URL parameters, cookies, local storage, and network requests to Keycloak endpoints (e.g., token, userinfo, account).",
  "sinks": "Network requests (XMLHttpRequest) to token and user info endpoints, URL redirections for login/logout/register, setting and getting cookies/local storage, and iframe messaging for session checks.",
  "flows": "Input from URL parameters and user interactions triggers network requests to token endpoints and redirects, with token data stored locally. Session iframe messages check login status periodically. Token refreshes involve network requests with credentials.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are evident. The code manages tokens, performs redirects, and communicates with iframe/session, which are standard for OAuth/OIDC. No unusual or suspicious code constructs, backdoors, or privacy-violating behavior detected. The token decode function replaces regex incorrectly with string replacements, but this is a known workaround and not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a client library for Keycloak OIDC authentication, handling token exchanges, session iframe checks, user profile retrieval, and URL construction for login/logout actions. The token decoding logic is somewhat unconventional but does not perform malicious actions. Network requests are typical for OAuth flows. No hardcoded credentials, external data exfiltration, or unauthorized access mechanisms are present. The code's structure is consistent with open-source authentication client libraries. It does not include any hidden or malicious behaviors; it appears designed for legitimate authentication workflows.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, legitimate client library for Keycloak authentication with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs expected operations such as token handling, user info fetching, and iframe session checks without any suspicious or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}