{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility classes and functions to handle result types (Ok and Err) for error handling, including conversion from exceptions to result types, and functional mapping of results.",
  "sources": "Input data sources are mainly function calls and the error objects thrown or returned by these functions. The code reads errors and exception objects, as well as function parameters in resultify.",
  "sinks": "The code does not explicitly send data to external systems, network, or files. It processes errors and values internally and provides mechanisms to handle or propagate them.",
  "flows": "Function calls such as toResult and resultify wrap potentially throwing functions into result types; errors are caught and converted into Err objects; Ok and Err objects can be unwrapped or mapped.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code appears to be standard error handling utility functions. No obfuscation or unusual language features are detected. No malicious behavior such as network calls or data leaks are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines Result-like classes (Ok and Err) to manage success and error states explicitly. It includes functions to convert exceptions to result objects and to wrap functions with try-catch for error capturing. The functions and classes operate locally and do not perform external actions. The code structure and functions are consistent with common error handling patterns in JavaScript. No suspicious patterns or malicious behaviors are identified. The only potential concern is the use of 'thrownUnknownToBaseError'—but assuming it is a standard error wrapper, it is unlikely malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a benign utility module for error handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a Result type pattern with error handling utilities. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks within this module. It functions solely as an internal error management utility, with no external or secretive operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}