{
  "purpose": "The code converts elliptical arc commands into a sequence of cubic Bézier curves, primarily used for rendering or processing SVG graphics.",
  "sources": [
    "Function parameters such as x1, y1, x2, y2, fa, fs, rx, ry, phi, which are input geometric parameters.",
    "Mathematical functions and internal calculations involving these inputs."
  ],
  "sinks": [
    "The final return value is an array of Bézier curve control points, transformed from input arc parameters.",
    "No external data or untrusted data is being sent or written; the code performs calculations only."
  ],
  "flows": "Input parameters (coordinates and arc flags) are processed through mathematical functions to compute arc centers and approximate Bézier curves. The flow involves coordinate transformations, trigonometric calculations, and segmenting the arc into multiple Bézier curves, then transforming these back to the original coordinate space.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be straightforward geometric calculations with no signs of unusual or hidden behavior. No hardcoded credentials, network activity, or dynamic code execution are present. Usage of mathematical functions and no external system calls reduces suspicion.",
  "analysis": "The code is a geometric implementation for converting arc parameters to Bézier curves, based on standard mathematical formulas and well-documented algorithms. It handles radius normalization, coordinate transformations, and arc segmentation appropriately. No suspicious data handling or system interaction is present. The logic aligns with standard SVG arc-to-Bézier conversion techniques, and the implementation is consistent with publicly documented methods.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard geometric utility function for converting SVG arcs into Bézier curves. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. It performs mathematical transformations for rendering purposes only. No signs of malware or security threats are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}