{
  "purpose": "The code converts an elliptical arc into a sequence of cubic Bézier curves for graphical rendering purposes, typically used in SVG or vector graphics.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters such as start and end points (x1, y1, x2, y2), flags (fa, fs), radii (rx, ry), and rotation angle (phi).",
  "sinks": "The code performs mathematical computations and array transformations; it does not write to external systems, send data over networks, or execute system commands.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are processed to compute arc center and angles, then converted into Bézier curves, with transformations applied to the curves based on input parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks are present. The code performs standard geometric calculations. No use of dynamic code execution, eval, or similar functions. No external network activity or system modifications are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard mathematical formulas for converting SVG arc parameters to Bézier curves, including angle calculations, coordinate transformations, and arc segmentation. It uses well-understood geometric algorithms with no signs of obfuscation or malicious payloads. No anomalies such as hidden network requests, system modifications, or malicious data handling are evident. The code appears to be a clean implementation of arc-to-bezier conversion, suitable for use in rendering libraries. All functions perform legitimate calculations, and data transformations are purely mathematical.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a mathematical utility for converting elliptical arcs into cubic Bézier curves. It is free from malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. It follows standard practices for such computations and does not contain obfuscation or suspicious operations. The code appears safe and appropriate for graphics processing purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}