{
  "purpose": "The code fetches, processes, and updates a mapping of IDs related to a video service, and retrieves details about video series and schedules.",
  "sources": "fetch API calls to external URLs (cdn.jsdelivr.net, viu.com), reading local JSON files (fs.readJSON), and input parameters such as 'id' in functions.",
  "sinks": "Use of fetched data for updating internal mappings and returning processed items, and date calculation based on fetched schedule start time.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external API responses into local processing and mapping updates; 'id' parameters flow into URL construction for API calls; fetched JSON data flows into local data structures.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. Use of environment variables or insecure practices not present. The code appears straightforward for its purpose, with proper error handling. No unusual or obfuscated code features identified.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard libraries for file handling and HTTP fetch operations. It fetches data from known public URLs, processes JSON responses, and updates local JSON files. The fetch functions are used to retrieve JSON data; no dynamic code execution or obfuscation is observed. The ID correction logic involves API calls with user-provided IDs, which is typical in such applications. There are no signs of data exfiltration, malicious payloads, or suspicious network activity. All functions serve legitimate purposes related to data fetching and processing. The code’s structure and behavior are consistent with normal application logic; no malicious intent or malicious behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard data fetching and processing script related to media content management. No signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are present. The overall security risk score is low. Confidence in this conclusion is high, as the code shows no suspicious or malicious indicators.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}