{
  "purpose": "The code serves as a wrapper for the CoffeeKup Template Engine, compiling templates into JavaScript functions and embedding them into the webpage's global namespace for client-side rendering.",
  "sources": "Reads template strings provided to the 'process' method, which are then compiled into functions.",
  "sinks": "Embeds compiled template functions into 'window.<namespace>['<id>']', which are later invoked during page rendering.",
  "flows": "Template strings are processed and transformed into functions via 'new Function', then assigned to the global namespace for later use.",
  "anomalies": "Uses 'new Function' to compile templates dynamically without explicit sanitization, which could be risky if templates are untrusted. No obfuscation or malicious code is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a client-side template engine wrapper. It compiles templates into functions using 'new Function', which is a common but potentially risky practice if input templates are untrusted. The code includes functions for escaping and unescaping HTML, and embeds the compiled templates into the global namespace. No external network activity, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are present. The main security concern is the potential for code injection if 'templateStr' is supplied by an attacker, but there is no evidence of malicious payloads or obfuscation. The code is straightforward and readable, with no signs of malware. The risk score should reflect the inherent danger of executing untrusted code via 'new Function'.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard client-side template wrapper with no malicious activity or obfuscation. The primary security consideration is the use of 'new Function' for dynamic code execution, which can be exploited if templates are untrusted. Scores of malware 0 and obfuscated 0 are appropriate. The security risk score should be moderate (around 0.2 to 0.4) depending on trust in the template sources. Overall, the code is safe in controlled environments with trusted templates but warrants caution otherwise.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}