{
  "purpose": "The code defines a KeyboardMapper function that translates key names and characters into keysyms based on a provided keymap, facilitating keyboard input handling.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include the keymap object (keymap.control, keymap.modifiers, keymap.printable, keymap.combined), as well as function parameters such as key and char.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks for untrusted data leading to security effects are present. The function outputs translated keysyms and characters, which are internal data representations.",
  "flows": "Input data from keymap object flows into internal maps. The translateKey method reads key input and translates it. The translateChar method reads character input and translates it. The code handles parsing and conversion but does not execute untrusted input in a harmful manner.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected. The code performs standard key translation logic. No hardcoded credentials or unusual code patterns are present. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution identified.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs key mappings from provided keymap objects, translating key names and characters to keysyms. It includes standard validation, such as parsing hex keys and handling fallback characters. The use of assert and error throwing for unknown keys and characters is typical. The function keysymFromCodePoint follows standard encoding rules, and helper functions handle control characters appropriately. No external network or system manipulation is involved. Overall, the code appears to be a straightforward implementation of keyboard input translation with no signs of malicious intent or security issues.",
  "conclusion": "This code implements a safe and standard key translation utility without any malicious or suspicious features. It handles inputs securely, validates data, and provides expected outputs without external side effects or data leaks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}