{
  "purpose": "This code appears to set up human interface device (HID) status tracking, including mouse and keyboard input handling, for a web application. It records position, button states, and key presses to be used in rendering or interaction logic.",
  "sources": "User input from mouse movement (onmousemove), mouse buttons (onmousedown, onmouseup), and keyboard events (onkeydown, onkeyup).",
  "sinks": "The data is stored internally within objects; no direct output or data transmission is visible. No network communication or external data leaks are evident in the provided code.",
  "flows": "User inputs (mouse and keyboard events) update the o_hidstatusmap object’s properties and last states, enabling other parts of the application to read current device states.",
  "anomalies": "The code maintains a comprehensive list of key names, including a URL (MDN documentation link), which is unusual but not malicious. The use of JSON.parse(JSON.stringify(...)) for object copying is unconventional but not inherently suspicious. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. No obfuscated or suspicious code behavior observed.",
  "analysis": "The code creates classes for mouse and keyboard state management, updating position, button status, and key presses based on DOM events. It handles pointer lock states to differentiate between normal and locked pointer modes. The data stored in o_hidstatusmap is straightforward and used for tracking input states. There is no evidence of data exfiltration, malicious network activity, or hidden backdoors. The code is primarily for input state management, with no suspicious or malicious behaviors evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs input tracking for a web application without any signs of malicious intent. It does not contain malware or security risks, nor does it perform any suspicious data handling or network activity. It appears to be standard input management code with no concerning features.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}