{
  "purpose": "The code tracks mouse and keyboard input states within a web environment, capturing position, button states, and key presses for use in rendering or interaction logic.",
  "sources": "Event handlers for 'mousemove', 'mousedown', 'mouseup', 'keydown', and 'keyup' events, reading data from 'window.event' and 'document' properties.",
  "sinks": "No external data sinks; data is stored in local objects and used internally for input state management.",
  "flows": "Input events (sources) update the 'o_mouse' and 'o_keyboard' objects; these objects are stored in 'o_hidstatusmap' for access during rendering or game logic.",
  "anomalies": "The 'O_mouse' constructor is called with four arguments, but only accepts two parameters, indicating a potential bug. The key list includes a URL (MDN documentation link), which is unusual but not malicious. Use of 'JSON.parse(JSON.stringify())' for object copying is unconventional and inefficient but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard input tracking for mouse and keyboard events in a web page. It updates position, button states, and key presses, storing them in objects for later use. No network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious code is present. The inclusion of a URL in the key list is benign, likely a placeholder or reference. The use of JSON serialization for copying objects is unconventional but not harmful. The constructor mismatch (passing four arguments to a constructor expecting two) suggests a bug that could cause runtime issues but not security risks. Overall, the code is straightforward, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign input handling logic with a minor constructor mismatch bug. It does not contain malware, obfuscation, or malicious behavior. The scores from the reports are appropriate, with malware and obfuscation scores at 0, and a low security risk score (~0.1-0.2) due to the unusual key list content and object copying pattern. The main concern is the constructor mismatch, which should be fixed for correctness but does not impact security.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}