{
  "purpose": "This code implements a heatmap visualization library using HTML5 Canvas, allowing users to plot data points with customizable radius, gradient, and opacity.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data points via the data() and add() methods, and accesses the DOM to retrieve canvas elements via document.getElementById(). It also creates canvas elements dynamically through document.createElement('canvas') or new this._canvas.constructor().",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates the CanvasRenderingContext2D for drawing and image processing. It does not perform any network requests, file I/O, or system commands. No sinks directly lead to data leaks or external system modifications.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user-provided points into the _data array. The draw() method uses this data to render heatmaps on the canvas, with colorization based on gradient data. Canvas elements are created or retrieved and then used for drawing operations.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. The code uses standard Canvas API methods, and no obfuscated or suspicious code is detected. The use of this._canvas.constructor() for node.js canvas creation is standard for environments without DOM.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a heatmap visualization class with methods for setting data, radius, gradient, and rendering. It creates canvas elements dynamically and applies color gradients for heatmap coloring. There are no network calls, no dynamic code execution beyond standard API calls, and no hardcoded secrets or suspicious behaviors. The code appears to be a benign visualization library with no malicious intent. It operates entirely within the browser or standard node.js environment for server-side rendering.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, benign heatmap visualization library with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It reads input data, renders visual output using Canvas API, and manages internal state without external system interference or malicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}