{
  "purpose": "This source code defines a Try class that implements a functional error handling pattern, allowing chaining of operations with success/failure semantics, similar to monadic constructs in functional programming.",
  "sources": "The code reads external functions from './functions' via require and potentially calls these functions within class methods. It also accepts user-defined functions as parameters in methods like map, flatMap, filter, recover, etc.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially flow through user-provided functions in map, flatMap, filter, recover, etc. However, there are no direct sinks such as network or file operations, or execution of code based on untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external functions (via imported './functions') into methods like of, combine, success, failure, and through user-supplied functions in method calls. These are orchestrated through Promise-based methods that chain operations.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The code appears to be a standard implementation of a functional error handling pattern. There are no signs of obfuscation or malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Try class with various static and instance methods for chaining operations that handle success and failure states. It relies on external functions imported from './functions', which are invoked within methods like map, flatMap, filter, recover, etc. The class does not contain any direct network access, file system operations, or system modifications. It mainly provides a structured way to compose error-prone operations. The structure is typical for functional programming libraries, and there is no suspicious or malicious logic present. All operations appear to be standard method chaining, with no indication of code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of a monadic error handling pattern in JavaScript. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. The only potential security concern is that user-supplied functions in chainable methods could introduce vulnerabilities if misused, but this is common in such libraries and not inherently malicious. Overall, it is a safe utility class with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}