{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component for displaying a customizable progress bar using the 'nprogress' library, integrated with Next.js route change events to show progress during navigation.",
  "sources": "Data is read from imported modules ('next/router', 'nprogress', 'prop-types', 'react') and from component props such as 'color', 'startPosition', etc.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates DOM styles directly via injected CSS; no untrusted data appears to be sent elsewhere or stored insecurely.",
  "flows": "Component props (possibly untrusted) influence CSS styling; route change events trigger 'nprogress' start/stop functions based on internal timers, but no external data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code employs obfuscated helper functions (m, y, b, etc.) which are typical for minified code; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are detected. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified React component that manages a progress bar on Next.js route changes. It uses common libraries and patterns, with obfuscated helper functions typical of minified code. The CSS injected is for visual styling of the progress bar and spinner. The component responds to route change events to show and hide progress indication, configured with customizable options. No external network calls, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior is detected. The use of dynamic styling based on props is standard and does not pose security risks. Overall, the code appears benign, focusing on UI enhancement without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React component implementing a progress bar with standard libraries and patterns. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided code segment. The obfuscated style is typical of minified code and does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}