{
  "purpose": "The code initializes webcam access, captures video frames, and performs face detection using the CompreFace SDK, then draws bounding boxes and labels on canvases.",
  "sources": "Reads user media stream via navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia; captures frames from video element; reads face detection results including face bounding boxes, gender, age, and face detection probabilities.",
  "sinks": "Draws on HTML canvas elements; dispatches custom events; potentially exposes face detection data through visual overlays.",
  "flows": "Video stream → frame capture via canvas → blob creation → face detection API call → face detection results → drawing on overlay canvases.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets visible beyond placeholder API key; no suspicious network activity or data exfiltration observed; the code only processes video frames locally and communicates with local server. No obfuscated or suspicious code structures; no dynamic code execution or unusual data handling.",
  "analysis": "The script begins by setting up webcam access and initializing face detection via the CompreFace SDK, using localhost server and port. Event listeners manage frame capture and processing. Face detection results are used to draw bounding boxes and labels on overlay canvases. No hardcoded sensitive credentials aside from a placeholder API key, which should be replaced with a real key but is not inherently malicious. The code processes data locally, dispatches and listens to custom events, and interacts only with standard web APIs and a local server. No external network connections or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. No obfuscated code or malware-like behavior (such as unauthorized data access, system modification, or hidden malicious activities) are detected. The design is typical for a facial recognition demo or application.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs webcam-based face detection using a local server and SDK, with standard handling of media and drawing overlays. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data handling. It appears to be a legitimate implementation for facial detection with no immediate security concerns based on this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}