{
  "purpose": "This code implements a customizable toggle switch component for React Native, allowing user interaction to change between active and inactive states with animated transitions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input mainly from component props (e.g., active, style, colors, event callbacks), and internal state variables (e.g., position, state, pressed). It also reads gesture data via PanResponder during user interaction.",
  "sinks": "Event handler callbacks (onActivate, onDeactivate, onChangeState) are invoked based on user interaction. No external data sinks or network calls are present. No unsafe eval, dynamic code execution, or data leaks are detected.",
  "flows": "User gestures trigger PanResponder events that manipulate internal Animated.Value 'position' and potentially change the 'state'. These lead to activation/deactivation functions, which animate the switch and invoke corresponding callbacks, thus completing source-to-sink data flows.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code appears straightforward, with no obfuscated code, malware, or suspicious logic. The only notable aspect is reliance on native driver animation and gesture handlers, which is standard for React Native components.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a React Native switch component with gesture handling for sliding interactions and animated state transitions. It reads configuration from props and updates internal Animated.Values. Event callbacks are triggered upon state changes. No suspicious data handling, external network activity, or malicious code execution patterns are observed. The code is standard, well-structured, with no anomalies indicating malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React Native UI component implementing a toggle switch with animated sliding behavior. It does not contain any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks based on the provided code. It operates purely within the scope of UI interaction and callback invocation, with no evidence of supply chain or malicious code issues.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}