{
  "purpose": "The code implements a comprehensive particle emitter system for PIXI.js, supporting various behaviors, spawn shapes, textures, and utilities. It manages particle lifecycle, movement, and rendering based on configuration objects, enabling complex visual effects.",
  "sources": "Configuration objects for particle properties, spawn parameters, behaviors, and textures; path expressions in 'extraData' used by parsePath().",
  "sinks": "No external data sinks, network calls, or system modifications are present. The code processes input data internally for visual effects.",
  "flows": "Reads configuration data -> processes spawn shapes and behaviors -> initializes particles -> updates particle states -> renders particles. Path expressions are parsed via dynamically generated functions constrained by whitelisting.",
  "anomalies": "The only notable aspect is the use of 'new Function()' in parsePath() for evaluating path expressions, which can be risky if input is untrusted. However, it is mitigated by a strict whitelist of allowed math functions and characters.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, well-structured PIXI.js particle emitter with extensive features. The dynamic function creation in parsePath() is a common pattern for expression parsing, with safety measures in place. No malicious patterns, backdoors, or external communications are detected. The use of 'require' modules is typical for modular JavaScript. The code does not leak data, execute system commands, or perform network activity. The main concern is the potential for code injection via parsePath(), but the whitelist approach effectively mitigates this risk. Overall, the system is designed for visual effects and does not pose significant security threats.",
  "conclusion": "The supply chain security of this code is very low risk. It is a legitimate, feature-rich particle emitter for PIXI.js with controlled dynamic code execution. No evidence of malicious activity, backdoors, or sabotage is present. The only caveat is to ensure that any user-supplied expressions in 'parsePath' are validated if exposed to untrusted input.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}