{
  "purpose": "The provided code is a minified and transpiled JavaScript bundle primarily for a documentation website, incorporating a search feature, UI components, and a text indexing library (lunr.js). Its main purpose is to facilitate document navigation, search, and UI interactions for a static documentation page.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from window.searchData, DOM elements (search input, results container, filter controls), and localStorage for filter state. It loads external dependencies like lunr.js from node_modules. It also creates DOM elements, adds event listeners, and manipulates classes and styles.",
  "sinks": "The code potentially outputs to DOM elements (search results, highlights) and localStorage (filter states). No unsafe DOM injection or code execution appears directly. No network sinks are observed; no system commands or file access are present. Data from localStorage is parsed and used only for UI state management.",
  "flows": "Input data (searchData, DOM input) is processed via lunr.js search index to produce search results, which are rendered as DOM elements. User interactions (clicks, key presses) trigger updates in UI state, including class toggles and focus changes. LocalStorage data influences filter UI states. Event listeners handle state updates but do not execute code based on untrusted input.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for a static documentation site. It contains no hardcoded secrets or credentials, no dynamic code execution, and no suspicious network activity. All code is focused on UI/UX and search functionality. It loads lunr.js from a node_modules path, which is typical, not suspicious. There are no obfuscated or suspicious dynamic eval calls, and no hidden backdoors or malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical bundle for a static documentation page with search functionality. It uses lunr.js to load an index from window.searchData and perform searches based on user input. It manages UI components, filters, and event handling without executing any untrusted code. No network or file system access, code injection, or malicious behavior is detected. All data flows are contained within the page and localStorage for state. The initial webpack bootstrap code loads the bootstrap.ts entry, which initializes components. The code does not contain obfuscation or malware-like activity; it is standard application code for search and UI interaction.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured JavaScript bundle for a documentation website with search capabilities. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware signatures are present. It safely handles data, manages UI, and uses external libraries responsibly. The overall security risk is very low, with no indicators of malicious intent or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}