{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript module that provides a class 'Stochator' for generating random data of various types (e.g., boolean, color, float, integer, string, set) using customizable configurations and pseudorandom number generators. It offers methods for creating and manipulating random values, primarily for testing or data simulation purposes.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include configuration objects passed to functions, such as 'rawConfig' for generators and 'args' for constructing 'Stochator' instances. Also, environment variables or external seed values may influence 'seed' in 'getPrng', but no direct input reading code is present.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially flow through 'mutator' functions applied to generated values, but the code itself does not perform data output, network calls, or system modifications. No explicit data leaks or unsafe operations are evident.",
  "flows": "Generation flows start from configurations or seed inputs, flow through generator functions that produce random data, optionally pass through mutator functions, and set internal state via 'setValue'. The flow is internal and does not involve external sinks or side effects beyond data return.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily structured with code generation and random data functions. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are evident. The only potentially suspicious aspect is the assignment of 'global.Stochator' which could expose the class globally, but this is a standard pattern for libraries. No obfuscation, malicious code, or unusual behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a random data generator library with multiple utility functions for different data types. It uses 'seedrandom' for seeding the PRNG, offers customizable configurations, and provides a class 'Stochator' for managing multiple random values with optional mutation. The code structure, variable naming, and imports are consistent with a legitimate library. No suspicious network activity, code injection, or malicious payloads are present. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are found. The code does not perform any system modifications or data exfiltration. Overall, it appears to be a benign utility library intended for testing or simulation purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard random data generation library without any malicious intent or security risks. It operates locally, does not contain obfuscated or suspicious code, and provides legitimate functions for generating diverse random data types. The only minor concern is exposing 'Stochator' globally, which is typical for such libraries but should be noted. Overall, the code is safe and not malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}