{
  "purpose": "The code extends and overrides certain methods of the Mapbox Draw library to customize feature dragging and display behavior, particularly for circle features.",
  "sources": "Libraries '@mapbox/mapbox-gl-draw', '@turf/distance', '@turf/helpers', '@turf/circle', and a local utility '../utils/create_supplementary_points_circle'. The code reads input data from user interactions such as dragging features or vertices, and from the properties of GeoJSON features.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include updates to feature coordinates via 'updateCoordinate', and feature rendering via 'push'. These could be vectors for injecting or manipulating feature data if untrusted input is present.",
  "flows": "Input events (drag, touch end, mouse up) lead to feature coordinate updates and display modifications. User interactions can modify feature properties and geometry, especially for circle features with radius recalculation, then these are rendered back to the map.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks are detected. The code relies on external libraries for spatial calculations. The code manipulates feature coordinates dynamically based on user input but does so within expected bounds for map interactions.",
  "analysis": "The code customizes the behavior of feature dragging, especially for circles, recalculating radius based on vertex movement and updating feature geometries accordingly. It also handles display states for features, marking active and inactive features, and creating supplementary points for interaction. There are no indications of malicious code such as network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The logic appears consistent with map feature editing functionality. No obfuscated code or suspicious external calls are present. The focus remains on spatial feature manipulation, with no harmful operations identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate extension of Mapbox Draw for feature editing, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It manages feature movement, radius calculation, and display states for map features in a typical manner. No malicious behavior or supply chain security threats are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}