{
  "purpose": "The code implements a color interpolation module called RGBetween, used for generating color gradients based on specified colors and stops. It provides functions to process color data, perform easing, interpolate colors, and convert between hex and RGB formats.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the constructor parameters 'colors' and optional 'stops'. It also reads color strings from hex color inputs provided to the _hexToRGB function.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs interpolated color values either as hex strings or RGB arrays, via the evaluate method. No external sinks such as network or system calls are present.",
  "flows": "Color data flows from input parameters into internal color and stop arrays. These are then used in evaluate to compute interpolated colors. Easing functions influence the interpolation weights during _interpHelper.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behavior observed. The code uses standard color conversions and interpolation logic. No obfuscated or unusual language features are present. The only potential concern is the easing function, but it appears to be a standard mathematical easing implementation.",
  "analysis": "The code processes color data, converting hex strings to RGB arrays, and performs linear or eased interpolation between colors based on stop positions. The _hexToRGB and _rgbToHex functions are standard color conversions. The _squareEase function implements a quadratic easing curve, used optionally during interpolation. The evaluate method calculates the correct color based on input t, with boundary checks. There are no network calls, file system access, or hidden code execution. The module appears well-structured, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a color interpolation utility without any malicious intent or security risks. It performs standard color conversions and interpolations with optional easing. No suspicious or harmful code segments are detected. The module is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}