{
  "purpose": "This code defines a large set of mathematical utility functions and constants, including basic arithmetic, trigonometric functions, logarithms, and comparison operations, and exports them for external use.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from function arguments and constants. It does not read external input sources such as files, network, environment variables, or user input.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks that process untrusted data leading to data leaks or security effects. The functions are purely computational and do not perform side effects like network communication or file operations.",
  "flows": "There are no complex source-to-sink data flows. The functions operate on passed parameters and return values without side effects or external interactions.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a collection of mathematical utility functions with no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or hidden behaviors. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. Exported functions are standard mathematical operations, with clear naming conventions.",
  "analysis": "The code defines numerous functions for basic math operations and comparisons, such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, logarithms, and trigonometry. It also includes constants like PI and functions for sign determination and comparison. All functions seem to be straightforward, with no dynamic code execution, no data leaks, and no side effects. The structure suggests a utility library rather than malicious or suspicious code. No anomalies or malicious behavior are detected. The code is well-structured, readable, and appears to be designed for mathematical computations.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a collection of mathematical utility functions and constants with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is a benign utility library intended for mathematical operations. The code does not read external data, perform side effects, or contain obfuscated/malicious patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}