{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a series of mathematical functions, constants, and utility functions for numerical operations and comparisons, likely for mathematical or computational purposes.",
  "sources": "The code defines functions that take input parameters but does not explicitly read from external sources, user input, or environment variables.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks such as network requests, system calls, file operations, or data leaks within this code fragment.",
  "flows": "The functions are standalone and do not demonstrate data flows from sources to sinks. The functions perform mathematical calculations without external data handling.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily obfuscated with many short, non-descriptive function names and a large export statement with mappings to mathematical functions. The presence of an export statement and minified-like naming conventions suggest a build or transpiled module rather than malicious code. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The code lacks dynamic evaluation or obfuscated control flow that could hide malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The provided code is a collection of mathematical functions and constants, many of which are standard mathematical operations (e.g., abs, atan2, cos, sin, log, sqrt). Functions are assigned to variables with short, non-descriptive names, typical in minified or transpiled modules. The code exports numerous functions related to comparisons, arithmetic, and logarithms, possibly for use in a larger application. There are no indications of external data sources, malicious network activity, or obfuscated malicious code. The code structure suggests it is a utility or library module designed for mathematical computations. No suspicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware indicators are present.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the static analysis, the code appears to be a standard utility library of mathematical functions, likely auto-generated or transpiled, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not read external data, send data, or perform any harmful actions. The code is obfuscated in naming but benign in content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}