{
  "purpose": "This code defines a collection of mathematical and utility functions, primarily for arithmetic, bitwise operations, logarithms, and comparisons. It appears to serve as a utility library for mathematical computations.",
  "sources": "The code contains only function definitions and exports; there are no external input sources or data reads.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are explicitly present; no data is written to external systems, network, or files within this code.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows; the code solely defines functions without executing any data processing or external communication.",
  "anomalies": "The code is highly obfuscated with single-letter variable names, extensive use of math functions, and export mappings. It contains no comments or descriptive identifiers. There are no hardcoded credentials or suspicious logic; the functions are mathematical utilities, possibly for a larger computational library. No hidden or malicious behavior is evident from the static code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a large collection of mathematical functions and utility operations, with exports for use in other modules. The functions are straightforward mathematical computations such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, bitwise shifts, logarithms, comparisons, and constants. The obfuscation appears intentional, likely to minimize readability but does not indicate malicious intent. There are no dynamic code execution, network operations, file system access, or other typical malicious patterns. The code does not read external input or perform any side effects. It appears to be a mathematical utility library with no immediate malicious or security concern.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of mathematical utility functions with obfuscated variable naming. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is a static library intended for computational purposes. No suspicious or malicious activity is detected based on this static analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}