{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define a collection of mathematical functions, constants, and utility functions, and exports them for external use.",
  "sources": "The code reads its own source to define functions and constants; it does not read external input or data streams.",
  "sinks": "The code exports functions and constants; there are no sinks that process untrusted data or perform side effects such as network communication, file I/O, or system commands.",
  "flows": "No data flows from untrusted sources to sinks. The functions are purely mathematical and utility functions with no source-to-sink data paths.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains numerous mathematical function definitions, including trigonometric, logarithmic, and bitwise operations, with no apparent malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior are present. All functions are standard mathematical operations and utility definitions, and the code structure is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of definitions of mathematical and utility functions, such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, logarithms, trigonometry, comparison, and bitwise shifts. It also exports these functions with descriptive names. There are no indications of obfuscation, malicious code, or anomalous behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification. The functions appear to be intended for numerical computations or mathematical utilities, with clear naming and structure. No hardcoded secrets, dynamic code execution, or suspicious patterns are present. The code appears to be a mathematical utility library with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a straightforward collection of mathematical utility functions with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not read untrusted data, perform side effects, or contain backdoors. It appears safe based on its content.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}