{
  "purpose": "The script retrieves cryptocurrency balances and ticker data from the Poloniex exchange, processes this data, and displays a formatted table of coin values and changes.",
  "sources": "Data sources include the poloniexPromise module for retrieving balances and ticker information. External dependencies are 'bluebird', 'yargs', 'lodash', 'cli-table2', and 'colors', which are used for promise handling, argument parsing, data manipulation, table formatting, and coloring output respectively.",
  "sinks": "Data is processed locally and output is printed via console.log. No sinks like network transmission or file writing are evident. The code does not write or transmit untrusted data beyond console output.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the poloniexPromise calls (sources) into in-memory objects, processed and transformed through lodash functions, then formatted into a table and printed to the console. There are no external or untrusted data sinks beyond local console output.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code performs straightforward data retrieval and formatting. No obfuscated or malicious code is detected. The use of require() for dependencies is standard.",
  "analysis": "The script requires external modules for handling promises, argument parsing, data manipulation, and output formatting. It calls functions from a local module to fetch balances and ticker data from Poloniex. The data is parsed, converted, and then used to build a table of coin values, with color coding for percentage changes. The processing steps are transparent, and no suspicious behaviors, such as data exfiltration, system modification, or malicious network activity, are present. The code is primarily for display purposes and relies on external, presumably trustworthy, modules and API calls. Overall, the code appears to be a standard cryptocurrency portfolio display script without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs data retrieval from a cryptocurrency exchange and displays the information in a formatted table. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It functions as intended for a portfolio overview tool, with no signs of malware or harmful actions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}