{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for inspecting and printing JavaScript values in a human-readable format, including type detection, detailed object visualization, and console output.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters, including 'input' in 'print()' and 'args' in 'out()'. It also reads options provided for customization, and internally accesses object properties and symbols.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include 'console.log' for output, and string manipulation functions that handle object data. No external network or file operations are directly present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into type detection and printing functions, then ultimately to 'console.log' in 'out()'. The functions process various data types, handle options, and format output for display.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hidden behaviors, or obfuscated code are present. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of object inspection and pretty-printing with extensive options.",
  "analysis": "The script defines utility functions 'type' and 'print' for type detection and object visualization, respectively. It includes options for customizing output, handles circular references, and formats data types appropriately. The 'out' function wraps 'console.log' to display printed data. The code is well-structured, commented, and adheres to standard patterns without any signs of malicious behavior. There are no network calls, file operations, dynamic code execution, or other suspicious activities. The code's purpose is clearly educational or debugging-oriented. All internal operations are safe, with no evidence of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a benign utility library for printing and inspecting JavaScript data structures. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is safe to use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}