{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for type detection and human-readable printing of JavaScript data structures, including a wrapper for console logging.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'input' and 'options', and from object properties and symbols during recursive print operations.",
  "sinks": "Output strings generated by 'print' and 'type' functions, ultimately sent to console.log via 'out'. No direct data leaks or external data transmissions are present.",
  "flows": "Input data is processed through 'print', with recursive handling for objects, arrays, maps, sets, and primitives. The flow involves type detection, options handling, circular reference tracking, and string formatting, ending with console output.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. The code uses standard JavaScript features and typical data processing methods. No obfuscation, suspicious network calls, or malicious operations are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for determining the type of an input ('type') and for generating a formatted, human-readable string representation of complex data ('print'). It handles various data types, including primitives, objects, arrays, maps, sets, symbols, functions, and errors. Circular reference detection via a 'refs' map prevents infinite loops. The options parameter allows customization of output formatting. The 'out' function wraps 'console.log' for convenience. There are no external network calls, no use of environment variables, nor any code that manipulates system files or data. The module appears to be a utility library for debugging and inspection with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard data inspection and printing utility with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It is well-structured, uses common JavaScript patterns, and does not contain any suspicious or malicious operations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}