{
  "purpose": "The provided code appears to be a collection of React components, styles, and utility functions for a UI library or documentation site. It includes components such as Accordion, Modal, Navbar, Buttons, and various layout and style tables. There are no signs of runtime data handling, server interactions, or input processing directly within this code snippet.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from component props, environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), and external links for assets (images and icons). No user input or external data sources are explicitly accessed or processed.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks could include window.open() calls for URLs (e.g., code links, visit links), and rendering of SVG elements that could be manipulated. However, these are only used to open external URLs or render static SVGs, with no indication of untrusted data manipulation.",
  "flows": "There are component flows where user interactions such as clicks toggle states or open URLs (via window.open). Props such as 'href', 'onClick', and 'content' are passed to components, but no untrusted input is processed or directly executed.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive styling and React component definitions, with no obfuscated code, eval, or dynamic code execution. All code appears to be standard React JSX/JavaScript for UI rendering. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The only potential concern is the use of window.open() with URLs, but these URLs are provided via props or hardcoded links, not derived from user input.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React-based UI component library with various layout, style, and interaction components. It does not include any network calls, eval, or dynamic script execution. The components handle styling, user interface, and navigation links securely. The environment variables used are standard for environment detection (development vs production). No malicious behavior or sabotage indicators are detected. All SVGs and external assets are static or passed via props, with no evident code injection or data leaks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a typical React component collection for a UI library or documentation site. It shows no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or supply chain security attacks. The use of window.open() and asset URLs is safe given the static or controlled nature of the data. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code structures are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}