{
  "purpose": "The code comprises React UI components, styles, and layout utilities, with no runtime data handling or server interactions. It reads from props, environment variables, and static assets, and uses window.open for external links. No untrusted input processing or malicious payloads are evident.",
  "sources": "Props, environment variables (e.g., process.env.NODE_ENV), static assets (SVGs, images), DOM attributes.",
  "sinks": "window.open for external URLs, style injection functions (e.g., T()), DOM class manipulations, inline styles.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props/environment variables into React components, affecting rendering and link navigation. No dynamic code execution or network activity is present.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation or malicious code detected. Console.log in 'ze' component is benign. Style injection functions are static and controlled. Environment variables are used conventionally for build mode detection.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component library with styling, layout, navigation, modals, and buttons. It uses environment variables for build modes, static assets for SVGs, and window.open for external links. No untrusted input is processed, and no dynamic code execution or network activity occurs. The style injection functions are standard in React styling patterns and are not malicious here. The console.log statement in 'ze' is benign. The overall structure is clear, with no obfuscation or backdoors. Risks are minimal, primarily due to style injection and external links, which are standard practices. No evidence of malicious payloads, code injection, or sabotage is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React UI component set with no signs of malicious activity, sabotage, or malware. The assigned malware score of 0, obfuscated score of 0, and low risk score (~0.1-0.2) are appropriate and justified given the code's nature and behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}