{
  "purpose": "The code primarily provides React component definitions, styling, and layout utilities for a web application's UI, including navigation, modals, buttons, accordions, and other visual components.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from React props, environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), and DOM attributes. It also includes external dependencies like 'react'.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs DOM elements, styles, and triggers network actions via window.open for links. It does not execute untrusted code or write to system files.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props into DOM elements; environment variables influence conditional logic (e.g., environment-specific exports); user interactions trigger functions like window.open or state changes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code appears to be standard React component and styling definitions. There is a console.log statement in the 'ze' component which is unusual but not malicious. The code employs environment variable checks for production vs development, typical in React apps. No hidden network activity, system modification, or cryptomining logic is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a large collection of React components, style sheets, and layout utilities for a UI library. It contains no obfuscated code—standard modern JavaScript with clear syntax. No indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system access, or reverse shells. External dependencies are typical React and style imports. Environment variables are used for build-specific logic, not malicious purposes. The presence of console.log in the 'ze' component is benign, possibly for debugging. The code does not contain dynamic code execution, eval, or suspicious network calls. Overall, the code is a typical front-end React component library with no malicious signals.",
  "conclusion": "This code does not demonstrate malicious behavior or supply chain security threats. It is a standard React UI component library with no evidence of sabotage, malware, or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}