{
  "purpose": "The code defines mathematical classes for 2D and 3D vectors (Vec2, Vec3) and 2x3 matrices (Mat2) for geometric transformations, intended for graphics or physics computations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from constructor arguments, including arrays, objects, or primitive values. No external data sources or user inputs are evident within the code itself.",
  "sinks": "Methods that perform calculations and transformations on internal data, such as rotate, normalize, add, sub, and matrix operations. These do not directly involve untrusted external data or network operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor inputs into object properties, then through mathematical methods for transformations. No data flows from untrusted external sources to sinks involving network or file I/O.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains standard vector/matrix operations with no signs of hidden or unusual behaviors. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The only exception is the comment referencing code generation sources, which is benign. No dynamic code execution or suspicious constructs are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code provides utility classes for mathematical operations, using common patterns such as flexible constructors (array, object, primitives) and method chaining. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections, or code injection. The code is well-structured, with clear definitions and standard practices. No obfuscation or unusual code patterns are detected. The comments indicate generated code, and no suspicious or malicious logic is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of vector and matrix math utilities without any malicious intent. It serves as part of a graphics or simulation library. There are no signs of malware or malicious behavior. The security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}