{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Webpack plugin to generate and emit sitemap files during the build process for static websites. It handles creating single or multiple sitemaps, optionally gzipping them, and supporting custom formatting.",
  "sources": "User-supplied configuration parameters such as 'base', 'paths', and 'options'. External libraries like 'schema-utils', 'webpack', 'sitemap', 'util', 'webpack-sources', and 'zlib'. Function parameters and class properties.",
  "sinks": "Emission of generated sitemap XML and gzip files via 'compilation.emitAsset' or 'compilation.assets'. Usage of 'gzip' function to compress sitemaps. Passing user-defined formatting functions (if any).",
  "flows": "Input configuration → Validation and setup → Generate sitemaps with 'generateSitemaps' → Convert stream to string → Emit files via 'compilation.emitAsset' → Optional gzip compression → Emit gzip files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code. Use of standard libraries and clear flow. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution observed. No evidence of malicious network activity, data leaks, or unauthorized system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code validates user configuration, constructs sitemap data, and writes XML files into the Webpack build output. It uses well-known libraries and handles errors gracefully by pushing to 'compilation.errors'. The functions are primarily for generating and emitting sitemap files, optionally gzipped. No code pattern indicates malicious intent or sabotage. No suspicious dynamic code or hidden backdoors are detected. It is a straightforward implementation of a build-time sitemap generator.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Webpack plugin for sitemap generation with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It uses standard libraries and methods for static site asset generation. No malicious signals or suspicious anomalies are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}