{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Webpack plugin to generate sitemap XML files and optional gzipped versions for a website during build time.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration inputs such as 'base', 'paths', and optional settings like 'filename', 'skipgzip', 'formatter', 'lastmod', 'changefreq', and 'priority'. It also reads data from the Webpack compilation object for assets and publicPath.",
  "sinks": "The plugin emits sitemap XML and gzipped files as build assets. It also uses the 'gzip' function to compress sitemap data before emitting.",
  "flows": "Input configuration data flows into sitemap generation functions; generated sitemap strings flow into the emission functions, which write files to the compilation assets. Gzip compression flows from the sitemap data to compressed asset emission.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code uses standard libraries and APIs. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic code execution is present. External libraries like 'schema-utils', 'webpack', 'sitemap', and 'zlib' are used legitimately. No data exfiltration, system modification, or malicious network activity is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a Webpack plugin that generates sitemaps based on user-provided paths and configuration. It performs validation on inputs, constructs sitemap streams, and outputs sitemap files, optionally gzipped. All data flows are within the scope of build-time file generation. No suspicious logic, malicious side-effects, or malicious network activity are present. The code relies on well-known libraries and standard Node.js APIs, with no signs of obfuscation or hidden behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate Webpack plugin for sitemap generation with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It adheres to typical patterns for such plugins and does not perform any unauthorized actions. The malware score is low, and the security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}