{
  "purpose": "The code implements a custom JavaScript component named 'specto_faker' that creates accessible, customizable dropdowns and select inputs, supporting features like search, sorting, animations, and ARIA attributes for accessibility.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from DOM elements such as 'select' and 'option' tags, user interactions like keyboard events, focus, blur, click events, and data attributes within these elements.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM elements' classes, attributes, and inner HTML; updates input values; manipulates ARIA attributes; appends or removes DOM nodes such as search inputs, listbox helpers, and options; triggers events like 'change' on associated 'select' elements.",
  "flows": "User interactions (clicks, keyboard navigation, search input) trigger event handlers that update DOM elements' classes, attributes, or content; methods like 'updateValue' change selected options, focus, or aria attributes; search input filtering modifies the visibility of options; ARIA helper lists are dynamically generated and updated based on user input.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code detected. The code primarily manages UI elements for dropdowns and accessibility features. There are no hardcoded credentials, network requests, system data collection, or backdoors. The code does contain verbose class and id management, but no unusual or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive implementation of accessible custom dropdowns with features such as search, sorting, ARIA attributes for screen readers, and keyboard navigation. It manipulates DOM elements to provide user interaction handling and accessibility support. The code does not perform any network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications. The absence of obfuscation, encoded payloads, or suspicious external calls indicates no malicious intent. The logic is consistent with a UI enhancement library, not malware or sabotage. The code’s structure and behavior align with legitimate UI widget functionality.",
  "conclusion": "Based on thorough review, the code is a benign, feature-rich UI component focused on creating accessible dropdowns and select elements. It shows no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The security risk is minimal, limited to DOM manipulation without insecure data handling or external communications. The malware score is low, and confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}