{
  "purpose": "This code implements a custom accessible dropdown component, called 'specto_faker', enhancing select elements with custom HTML, ARIA attributes, search functionality, and animations for improved usability and accessibility.",
  "sources": "Code reads user interactions such as key presses, focus, blur, clicks on elements like search inputs, dropdown options, and the original select elements during initialization.",
  "sinks": "Data flow occurs when updating the dropdown value, setting ARIA attributes, manipulating DOM elements for search filtering, and cloning select options into custom HTML. Notably, it updates HTML content and attributes based on user input or programmatic calls.",
  "flows": "Input (user events like keypresses, focus, clicks) flows into DOM manipulations such as updating values, toggling dropdown open/close states, filtering options, and setting ARIA attributes, all within the library's methods. No external network or system commands are involved.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behavior detected. The code includes extensive DOM manipulation, ARIA attribute management for accessibility, and user interaction handling, all consistent with a dropdown component. The use of jQuery and cloning of select elements is standard. No obfuscated code, external network calls, or dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of an accessible custom dropdown widget. It manages DOM elements, ARIA attributes, and user events to enhance select elements. It clones existing select options into custom HTML, adds search filtering, and handles keyboard navigation. The functions are well-structured for a UI component. There are no indications of malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors. It appears to be purely frontend UI enhancement code with a focus on accessibility.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate UI component for custom dropdowns with accessibility features. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident. It operates solely on DOM elements and user interactions. The malware score is 0, security risk score is 0, and confidence in these conclusions is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}