{
  "purpose": "The code implements a custom JavaScript component called 'specto_faker' that enhances select and input elements with custom UI, accessibility features, and search functionalities, primarily to improve user experience and accessibility.",
  "sources": "Reads include DOM elements such as select tags, option tags, input fields, and data attributes; also reads from the window object during form reset. Data is fetched from DOM attributes (e.g., 'rel', 'placeholder') and the memory object within the component for aria-listbox filtering.",
  "sinks": "Updates include DOM modifications such as setting 'innerHTML', updating classes, setting ARIA attributes, and changing input values. Also involves event handlers that modify element attributes and classes based on user interaction.",
  "flows": "Data flows from DOM inputs and attributes into internal variables (like filtered values), then into DOM element updates such as 'innerHTML' and ARIA attributes, and back to the user via visible UI updates and accessibility states. The flow is primarily DOM to internal state and back.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses extensive DOM manipulation and dynamic ID generation for accessibility, but does not exhibit suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. It contains a commented-out section related to scrollIntoView, but this is inactive. There are no signs of data exfiltration, network communication, or reverse shell code.",
  "analysis": "The script defines a component for custom select-like behavior with accessible ARIA attributes, including search capabilities, keyboard navigation, and state management. It manages internal memory for ARIA filtering. Event handlers are set for key events, focus, blur, and click interactions. The code does not include network requests, system command execution, or external data transmission. It primarily manipulates DOM elements, attributes, and classes. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns such as dynamic eval, function constructors, or suspicious domain connections are present. The structure is complex but appears to be for UI enhancement, not malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a sophisticated UI component focused on accessibility and usability of select inputs. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware; it is an open-source-like library for UI enhancement. The overall security risk is low, with no signs of malicious intent or dangerous actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}