{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a React component module for a drag-and-drop file upload zone, providing functionalities like file selection, preview, and removal, with custom styling and validation.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from DOM events such as drag-and-drop, file input change events, and possibly environment variables. Uses imported 'react' and possibly 'react-dom'.",
  "sinks": "Processes files using internal functions; no direct data leaks or external network calls are evident. No code injection, data exfiltration, or network connections observed.",
  "flows": "File input or drag events → validation and processing functions → local component state updates (file lists, validation errors) → UI rendering; no external data or network transfer detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors. The code is heavily minified but consists mainly of React component setup and event handling logic. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are apparent. The presence of environment variable access functions is minimal and standard. No external network activity or suspicious code injection detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minified React component implementation for a drag-and-drop file upload zone, with typical features such as file validation, user feedback, and UI state management. It uses React hooks and context, handles various input events securely, and does not include any suspicious network activity or code injection points. No hardcoded secrets or malicious payloads are visible. Its structure and logic align with common open-source React components for file uploads, and it does not exhibit any malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React-based file upload component with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs typical file validation and UI management without external communication or secret data access. The code appears safe and appropriate for inclusion in a project, with low malware and security risk scores.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}