{
  "purpose": "This code extends the Leaflet library to add semi-circle and ring-shaped circle features, allowing customization of angles, radii, and rendering options for map overlays.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from parameters such as 'latlng', 'options' (containing angles, radii, and rendering options), and internal properties like '_latlng', '_map', '_radius'. Uses map projection functions and DOM rendering contexts.",
  "sinks": "Uses map projection and SVG/Canvas rendering functions to draw shapes. No untrusted external network interactions or data leaks are detected within this code.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'latlng' and 'options' flows into shape calculations, leading to rendering via SVG or Canvas. No suspicious data flows toward external systems or storage.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or hardcoded secrets are evident. Code structure appears consistent with standard Leaflet plugin extensions. No unusual dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Leaflet plugin adding semi-circular shapes with customizable start and stop angles, inner radius, and ring width. It carefully calculates angles, converts coordinates, and renders SVG paths or Canvas arcs accordingly. No network communication, credential handling, or suspicious data manipulation is observed. It primarily manipulates map overlays with configurable options. The structure follows standard plugin pattern, extending existing classes with additional methods and rendering logic. No malicious or maliciously disguised behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate Leaflet extension for rendering semi-circular and ring-shaped overlays. There are no indications of malicious intent, external data leaks, or sabotage. The code is well-structured, with no obfuscated or suspicious parts, and operates solely within the expected scope of a mapping overlay plugin.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}