{
  "purpose": "This code provides client-side functionality to enable sorting of an HTML table with class 'coverage-summary' by different columns, allowing user interaction through clickable sort indicators.",
  "sources": "The code reads DOM elements such as the table, table headers, rows, and data attributes like 'data-col', 'data-type', and 'data-value'. It also reads the 'data-nosort' attribute for determining sortable columns.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates DOM elements by updating innerHTML, class names, and attaching event listeners. It sorts table rows by reordering DOM nodes within the table body. No external network calls or sensitive data access is present.",
  "flows": "Data attributes from table headers and cells serve as sources for sorting keys and types. User clicks on sort controls trigger event handlers that change the sort order, which then reorders DOM rows. Data flow is confined to DOM manipulations for table sorting.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically appends '<span class=\"sorter\"></span>' to header cells and sets up event listeners, which is normal for UI interaction. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets. No suspicious network activity, obfuscated code, or data leaks are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes by selecting and processing table headers and data rows, storing row data in custom properties. It provides functions to sort rows by a selected column, updating the DOM accordingly, and visual indicators for sorting state. Event handlers enable user-triggered sorting. The code appears standard for client-side table sorting functionality, with no indications of malicious intent or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of client-side table sorting with no malicious behavior, malware, or security risks detected. It does not contain obfuscation or malicious network activity. The script serves a UI enhancement purpose and is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}