{
  "purpose": "Defines a CesiumJS custom material property class with configurable parameters for visual effects, including color, center, power, and stretch, utilizing embedded shader code.",
  "sources": "Constructor input parameters, environment variables, internal property setters, embedded shader code strings.",
  "sinks": "Material creation and rendering pipeline within CesiumJS; no network or system modifications observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into property setters, which influence shader parameters and material output; no external data exfiltration or network activity.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation via string arrays and dynamic string resolution functions; embedded GLSL shader code within strings; no suspicious external activity.",
  "analysis": "The code is heavily obfuscated, making static analysis challenging, but the core functionality appears to be a CesiumJS custom material property class used for visual effects. No signs of malicious behavior such as network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification are present. The obfuscation likely serves proprietary or IP protection purposes rather than malicious concealment. The use of shader code and property management is consistent with standard practices for visual effects modules in CesiumJS. The malware score is 0, as no malicious activity is detected. The obfuscation score is high (~0.85), justified by the heavy string array usage and dynamic resolution. The security risk score is low (~0.2), reflecting the benign nature of the code despite obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a heavily obfuscated CesiumJS custom material property module intended for visual effects. It does not exhibit any malicious behavior or external communication. The obfuscation appears to be for proprietary protection rather than malicious intent. The overall security risk is low, and the current scores are appropriate. Caution should be maintained due to obfuscation, but no immediate security concerns are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.85,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}