{
  "purpose": "Utility class for initializing and managing contract code hashes and configurations related to token transfer and unlock checks within a blockchain system.",
  "sources": "Configuration input via 'config' parameter; hardcoded token transfer and unlock check types; method calls to factory classes for creating contract instances; retrieval of code hashes and setting script sizes.",
  "sinks": "Assignment of code hashes to class properties; creation of contract instances; method calls that set script sizes; buffer conversions of scripts.",
  "flows": "Initialization process takes configuration data or defaults; creates contract instances; extracts code hashes; assigns sizes; stores hashes as class properties.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or API keys observed. No use of dynamic code execution or obfuscated code. Use of factory methods and buffer conversions appears standard. No suspicious network activity or data leaks evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles configuration and setup for blockchain contract code hashes and script sizes using factory methods. It relies on external factory classes to generate contract objects and compute hashes. The functions are straightforward and focus on initializing parameters, with no signs of malicious intent or suspicious behavior. No embedded code injection, backdoors, or privacy violations are present. The use of 'map' and 'forEach' appears standard. The code does not perform any network communication or system modifications. Overall, the logic seems standard for contract management with no indication of malicious activities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility module for managing contract hashes and sizes, utilizing factory methods for object creation. It performs no suspicious or malicious operations, and its behavior appears standard for blockchain contract management purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}