{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React Native custom input component called 'Isao' that manages animated label and border effects for a text input field.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from 'props' (label, style, colors, dimensions) and internal state (width, focusedAnim, value). It also reads from 'this.props' and 'this.state' during rendering.",
  "sinks": "No sinks that handle untrusted data directly leading to data leaks or execution; the component primarily updates visual styles based on internal state and props. No network, system, or security-sensitive operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from 'TextInput' into 'this.state.value' via '_onChange'; focus state affects 'focusedAnim' to animate label and border; styles are dynamically computed based on these states. No external data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. The code uses standard React Native components and animation APIs. No obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic execution, or misleading variable names. The code appears to be a standard UI component without malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React Native component extending 'BaseInput' with animated label and border effects for a text input. It uses 'Animated' API for smooth transitions and manages focus/blur events to animate labels and borders. It relies solely on standard React Native and PropTypes. No external data sources, network operations, or system modifications are involved. The code does not include any suspicious or malicious constructs, hardcoded secrets, or obfuscated logic. It appears to be a typical UI component designed for visual effects without security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React Native UI component implementing animated labels and borders. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data leaks, or security issues. It is safe for use with no immediate security concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}