{
  "purpose": "This code is a Vue.js component library for integrating Mapbox GL maps with various controls, geometries, and markers, providing a comprehensive toolkit for map-based UI development.",
  "sources": "Data is read primarily from component props, injected dependencies ('vmb_map', 'vmb_geogeometry', 'vmb_marker', etc.), and event listeners attached to Mapbox GL objects.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows through event handlers (e.g., 'result', 'error', 'loading' events in geocoder), and potentially through methods that update map layers and geometries. No explicit network requests are made within this code.",
  "flows": "Sources (props, injected objects, event data) flow into map control methods and geometry update functions. Event handlers propagate data via emitted events. No suspicious data flow to external systems is detected.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behavior are present. The code utilizes standard Mapbox GL controls and Vue.js reactive patterns. No obfuscated or minified code is detected outside standard build artifacts.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive set of Vue components wrapping Mapbox GL functionalities, including map rendering, controls, geometries, and event handling. It uses standard practices like dependency injection, reactive data, and event propagation. No code segments perform network requests, access environment variables, or execute dynamic code. All external dependencies are publicly available libraries or local modules with benign intent. No malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system modifications are detected. The code’s structure and content align with typical map component libraries, with clear separation of concerns and secure data flow.",
  "conclusion": "The source code appears to be a legitimate Vue.js wrapper library for Mapbox GL, with no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It relies on well-known libraries and standard patterns. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}