{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Vue.js UI component library, primarily providing icons, menus, buttons, and related UI elements with scoped styles and templates. Its purpose is to facilitate UI development within Vue projects.",
  "sources": "Sources include external icon SVG templates, internal component definitions, and Vue component normalizations. Data inputs are props such as 'name', 'size', 'title', and slot content for UI customization. No external input sources like user input, environment variables, or network data are directly read.",
  "sinks": "No sinks indicate data leakage or malicious effects. The code mainly renders static SVG icons and Vue components. Event handlers emit events or toggle internal state; no untrusted data is used in dangerous ways.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props and slots into the rendering functions. The only significant flow is prop-based icon selection and dynamic class assignment. No external data flows into unsafe sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. The code appears to be standard Vue component registration, SVG icon definitions, and component normalization. No suspicious dynamic code execution, eval, or network connections are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code consists mainly of Vue component definitions, SVG icon assets, and a UI component library. It imports external modules (SVG icons, vue-clickaway for click outside detection), registers components, and manages internal state for UI interactions. No obfuscated code or unusual runtime behaviors are found. The SVG icons are static assets embedded within components, and event handling is straightforward. The structure aligns with typical Vue component libraries intended for UI rendering and interaction, with no evidence of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Vue UI component library with icon assets and menu components. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, data exfiltration, or security risks. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}