{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Vue.js component library for UI elements, including icons, menus, and buttons, intended for use in web applications.",
  "sources": "Reads input data primarily from component props, slots, and external dependencies such as 'vue' and CSS files.",
  "sinks": "Renders UI elements, handles events, and interacts with DOM via Vue.js lifecycle and event methods. No suspicious data leakage points identified.",
  "flows": "Component properties (props) and slots flow into template rendering and event handling functions; user interactions trigger event emissions and DOM updates.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors detected. Code structure follows standard Vue component patterns. External dependencies are common Vue libraries and CSS styles. No unusual code patterns or dynamic code execution observed. No evidence of obfuscation or code injection.",
  "analysis": "Reviewed the entire source code, including the bootstrap wrapper, Vue component definitions, template render functions, and external dependencies. The code primarily sets up UI components with standard Vue.js patterns, event handling, and CSS styling. No functions or code segments exhibit suspicious behavior such as network requests to unknown domains, data exfiltration, or system modifications. The code is well-structured and includes only typical UI component code. The external dependencies are standard and do not raise suspicion. The only notable aspect is that it loads various SVG icon assets and manages event-driven UI interactions, which is typical for such component libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard Vue.js component library for UI icons and menus with no malicious intent or security risks detected. It follows normal patterns for component declaration, styling, and event handling. No malware or security vulnerabilities are evident based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}