{
  "purpose": "Dynamically loads a specific package '@mappable-world/mappable-web-mercator-projection' and sets up map bounds, source, layer, and marker configurations for a mapping application.",
  "sources": "Reads data from location.href, package name input (pkg), and static configuration objects (BOUNDS, LOCATION, SOURCE, LAYER, MARKER).",
  "sinks": "Uses dynamic script loading via mappable.import.script, potentially loading scripts from untrusted sources (unpkg.com) depending on the environment.",
  "flows": "Checks if the package includes '@mappable-world/mappable-web-mercator-projection'; if so, loads script from localhost or CDN, then assigns the package to mappable object. Static data structures for map configuration are also defined.",
  "anomalies": "The dynamic script loading from a CDN based on runtime conditions is potentially risky, especially if the package name ('pkg') can be influenced externally. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code snippets observed. The code uses standard patterns without obfuscation or malware-like constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically loads a specific mapping package if it exists in the package list. It chooses the script source based on whether the current URL contains 'localhost'. This approach can introduce risks if 'pkg' is manipulated, but no direct malicious behavior is evident. Static configuration data for map bounds, source, layer, and marker are straightforward and do not contain malicious logic. No obfuscation, backdoors, or malicious payloads are detected. The dynamic script loading is the only point of concern due to potential external source manipulation, but this is a common pattern for plugin systems.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily for dynamic module loading and configuration setup for mapping. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware signatures. The main security consideration is ensuring that 'pkg' cannot be externally manipulated to load malicious scripts, but this risk depends on the broader application context. Overall, the code appears safe with moderate concern around dynamic script loading from external sources.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 3
}