{
  "purpose": "Dynamically load a specific mapping library '@mappable-world/mappable-web-mercator-projection' and set up map bounds, source, layer, and marker configurations for a map application.",
  "sources": "The code reads the current URL (location.href) and dynamically loads an external script from either a local server (/dist/index.js) or from a CDN (unpkg.com). It also accesses window[`${pkg}`] to assign imported module properties.",
  "sinks": "The external script is fetched and executed, which could execute arbitrary code. The code also assigns properties to the mappable object and window, potentially exposing or executing code in the global scope.",
  "flows": "The code checks if the package name includes '@mappable-world/mappable-web-mercator-projection', then loads a script based on the URL, and assigns window[`${pkg}`] to mappable. This flow allows remote code execution if the external script is malicious or compromised.",
  "anomalies": "The script loads code from untrusted sources (unpkg.com) without validation, which could host malicious code. No explicit validation or integrity checks are present. The code loads remote scripts dynamically based on URL and package name, which is a potential security risk.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with a loader function that checks if a package includes a specific string. If so, it loads a script either from a local path or a CDN based on the URL context. It then assigns properties from the window object to a local object. The map configuration constants define static map bounds, source, layer, and marker data, which do not contain security risks. The dynamic script loading mechanism poses a security concern as it could execute malicious code from untrusted sources, especially since no integrity verification or sanitization is performed.",
  "conclusion": "The primary security concern is the dynamic loading of external scripts from untrusted sources without validation, which could lead to remote code execution. The rest of the code appears to be standard configuration for a map application. Overall, the code has a significant risk associated with external script injection.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.5,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 2
}