{
  "purpose": "The code implements a proxy wrapper for objects and functions to enable custom behavior on property access, function calls, and object construction, primarily for intercepting and possibly modifying interactions with the target objects.",
  "sources": "Reads include the 'target' parameter in 'proxymise', property accesses in 'get', function applications in 'apply', and object construction in 'construct'. It also accesses the 'then' property for promise-like behavior.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve returning proxymised versions of properties, methods, and promise resolutions, which could be misused to intercept or modify data flows.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'target' through the various handlers, especially where 'get' and 'apply' are involved, wrapping returned values in proxies, including promise chains that could be used for deferred execution or data manipulation.",
  "anomalies": "The code employs a pattern to wrap objects/functions into proxies that intercept operations. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious external network activity are present. The approach itself is standard for proxy-based metaprogramming. No obfuscation or hidden malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a 'proxymise' function that wraps objects or functions in JavaScript Proxy objects with custom handlers for 'construct', 'get', and 'apply'. It intercepts object construction, property access, and function invocation, wrapping the results in proxies recursively. The 'get' function binds functions appropriately, preserving their context. There are no indications of external data exfiltration, code injection, or malicious behavior. The use of proxies could be exploited in malicious contexts if used improperly, but the code itself appears to be a generic utility for intercepting object and function interactions, common in debugging or AOP (Aspect-Oriented Programming). There are no signs of embedded malware, hardcoded credentials, or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard proxy wrapper implementation intended for intercepting and modifying object and function interactions. It contains no malicious behavior or security risks by itself. Its design could be misused if integrated into malicious workflows, but the code as presented is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}