{
  "purpose": "The code processes HTML and CSS files to embed resources inline, scale images based on network conditions, and rewrite resource URLs for optimization during build time.",
  "sources": "File content, URL query parameters, embedded tags, environment variables, and dependency modules.",
  "sinks": "Modified HTML/CSS content, embedded styles, inline resources, and rewritten URLs.",
  "flows": "Input data (files, URLs) flows through regex parsing and conditional logic to produce optimized, embedded, or scaled resource content.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy reliance on regex for parsing HTML/CSS, external modules ('cssFilter.js', 'hack.js') used without validation, but no malicious patterns or hardcoded secrets detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard resource embedding and URL rewriting tool for build optimization. It manages dependencies carefully to avoid circular references and self-embedding. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. Regex parsing, while complex, is typical for such tools and does not indicate obfuscation or malicious intent. External modules are used but not verified here; however, their presence alone does not imply malicious behavior. The code does not perform network activity or system modifications. The security risk is low, with no malware detected, and the malware score remains at 0. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. The overall security risk score is approximately 0.2, reflecting minimal inherent risk but acknowledging potential input-based misuse.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate build-time resource optimizer for HTML and CSS files, performing resource embedding, URL rewriting, and dependency management. No malicious activity, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The assigned scores of malware=0, obfuscated=0, and risk=0.2 are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}