{
  "purpose": "This code serves as a React Native native module wrapper that verifies the linkage of a native component and provides error messaging if not linked properly. It exports the native component and related hooks/providers for use in React Native applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads platform information via 'Platform.select' and checks for the existence of the native view manager configuration through 'UIManager.getViewManagerConfig'. It also imports components and hooks from './PokoWidget'.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the 'throw new Error(LINKING_ERROR)' statement, which executes if the native component is not linked properly, potentially exposing linkage issues but not malicious data leaks or code execution.",
  "flows": "The flow involves checking if the native component configuration exists; if not, an error is thrown. Otherwise, the native component is exported for use. No untrusted data flows are present.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or suspicious logic are present. The code is straightforward and boilerplate in nature.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard React Native native module linkage verification, importing necessary components, and exporting hooks and providers. It includes a platform-specific error message for missing linkage. No malicious or suspicious patterns are evident. The code is not obfuscated, contains no malicious payloads, and follows common patterns for native module integration. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, risk=0.1-0.2, obfuscated=0) are consistent with the benign, boilerplate nature of the code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical React Native native module wrapper with linkage verification, exhibiting no malicious behavior or security risks. The low malware and obfuscation scores are justified, and the minimal security risk reflects standard boilerplate code. Overall, it appears safe and free of supply chain threats.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}