{
  "purpose": "This code provides a utility function `waitFor` for asynchronous testing, mainly to facilitate waiting for conditions to become true during tests in React or DOM environments. It includes configuration, helper functions, and timer management to support async operations.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the `callback` function passed to `waitFor`, environment variables or external timers (jest or real timers), and possibly external modules like `jest` if available.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the invocation of `callback` and timer manipulations (`setTimeout`, `jest.advanceTimersByTime`). No direct data leaks or malicious sinks are evident. No network or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Flow begins with calling `waitFor`, which internally executes `callback`. If the callback returns a promise, it waits for resolution; if it throws, it is caught. Timer functions are manipulated for controlling async flow during tests.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard testing utility with no obfuscated or suspicious code. It uses conditional checks for Jest fake timers and real timers switching, which is common in testing environments. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a testing utility designed for asynchronous operations. It manages timers and promise resolution, including support for Jest's fake timers. It carefully handles error propagation and stack trace copying. The logic is straightforward, with no signs of malicious behavior. It does not include network calls, data exfiltration, or any backdoor mechanisms. The use of environment checks (for Jest) is typical for such utilities.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign testing utility meant to wait for asynchronous conditions during tests. It contains no malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious data handling. The use of timer controls is typical for testing frameworks. Overall, the code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}