{
  "purpose": "This code implements a custom Future and Fiber-based concurrency framework for managing asynchronous operations, wrapping node-style callbacks, and coordinating multiple futures.",
  "sources": "Requires external modules ('./fibers' and 'util'), and uses 'process.nextTick' and 'Fiber.current' which depend on runtime environment and external fibers implementation.",
  "sinks": "Methods that invoke callbacks or resolve promises, notably in 'return', 'throw', 'resolve', 'resolveSuccess', and 'wait', affecting flow control and error propagation.",
  "flows": "Sources like callback invocations ('err', 'val') flow into 'resolve'/'throw', which then trigger callbacks or propagate errors. 'FiberFuture' triggers function execution asynchronously with 'process.nextTick', leading to potential callback execution and resolution flows.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are detected. The code primarily manages asynchronous flow and error handling using fibers and promises, with standard Node.js practices. No suspicious network activity, code injection, or data leaks are evident. Usage of 'process.nextTick' and 'Fiber' suggests reliance on an environment with fibers support, which could be used maliciously if misused, but in this code alone, no malicious intent is apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Future object with methods for asynchronous control flow, including 'get', 'return', 'throw', and 'wait'. It provides wrapping functions for node-style async functions, enabling promise-like behavior. 'FiberFuture' schedules functions within a fiber, handling errors and results. No hardcoded secrets, network connections, or data leaks are present. The control flow manages errors and asynchronous operations safely. The structure appears to be a legitimate concurrency utility rather than malicious code.",
  "conclusion": "This source code implements a concurrency framework with futures and fibers, focusing on asynchronous control flow management. No indicators of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are identified. The code appears to serve as a utility library for async operations. Its design aligns with standard practices, with no suspicious or harmful functionality detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}