{
  "purpose": "This code implements a custom Future and FiberFuture system for managing asynchronous operations, primarily to facilitate concurrent execution and synchronization in a fiber-based environment.",
  "sources": "Requires external modules ('./fibers' and 'util'), and function parameters such as callback functions, objects, and arguments passed to wrapped functions.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted callback functions, and the application of 'apply' with user-provided arguments. No direct data leak or network sink is explicitly present. No unsafe eval or code injection points are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input functions through promise-like 'Future' objects, with callbacks resolving or throwing errors, and fibers managing control flow. No suspicious data flows to external systems or network calls.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs are present. The code relies heavily on the 'fiber' and 'Future' abstraction, which is standard for asynchronous control. No obfuscation or misleading variables are detected. The code is extensive but appears straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Promise-like Future system with methods for wrapping callback-based functions, waiting on multiple futures, and managing asynchronous execution via fibers. It uses 'process.nextTick' and 'Fiber' for scheduling. No suspicious patterns such as network connections, data exfiltration, or reverse shells are found. The wrapping of node-style functions is standard practice, with no dangerous behavior. All data flows are contained within asynchronous control flows, with no evident malicious sinks. The code's structure and comments suggest it is a utility for asynchronous programming rather than malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of future/fiber-based asynchronous control. No malicious behavior, security risks, or supply chain sabotage is evident. It is a utility library designed for concurrency management, with no indicators of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}