{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Future and Fiber-based asynchronous control flow library for JavaScript, allowing for task management, wrapping of node-style functions into futures, and parallel execution of asynchronous operations.",
  "sources": "Reads from require('./fibers'), process.nextTick, and arguments passed to functions such as Future.wrap and Future.task.",
  "sinks": "Uses process.nextTick for callback invocation, potentially untrusted callback functions, and wrapping of node-style async functions which may handle untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Input data (via node-style callbacks or arguments) flows into futures, which resolve or throw errors, and can be chained or waited upon. Wrapping functions create future-returning proxies that invoke original functions and handle their results.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code appears to be a standard asynchronous task management library. There are no obvious network calls, data leaks, or malicious code insertion. The code structure is consistent with a known pattern for futures and fibers.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Future class with methods to handle asynchronous results, including resolution, error throwing, and waiting mechanisms. It integrates with fibers to manage cooperative multitasking. The Future.wrap method converts node-style async functions into promise-like futures, facilitating parallel and sequential execution. No signs of code obfuscation, hidden network activity, or data exfiltration are present. The code does not read or write to external sources besides standard module requires and callback invocations. It does not include any suspicious dynamic code execution, external network calls, or file system manipulation beyond wrapping existing node modules. Overall, the code is a typical asynchronous control flow utility with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a standard implementation of a Future and fiber-based asynchronous library. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. The code is well-structured for its intended purpose, with no indicators of supply chain attacks or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}