{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JSON schema object for authorization request payload validation, including various properties, definitions, and nested schemas used in a JavaScript application to validate data structures related to authorization processes.",
  "sources": "The schema object is statically defined within the JavaScript module; no external data inputs are read during execution. The code reads no external data, environment variables, or network inputs.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks or functions that process untrusted data; the code solely declares a data schema. No potential data leakage or malicious data processing occurs within this code.",
  "flows": "Since the code only defines static schema objects, there are no runtime data flows from sources to sinks. The schema would be used elsewhere in validation, but within this file, no data flow occurs.",
  "anomalies": "The code is a straightforward, static JSON schema definition with no signs of obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or hidden behavior. The only notable feature is the detailed and complex schema structure, which is typical for such definitions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a static JavaScript module exporting a JSON schema object. It contains no executable code, no network operations, and no dynamic content. The schema definitions include properties for authorization request payloads, with nested references and enumerations. The structure appears standard and appropriate for schema validation purposes. There are no indications of malicious behavior, backdoors, hardcoded credentials, or data leaks. The code's purpose is purely declarative, providing data validation rules.",
  "conclusion": "This module is a standard, benign schema definition file intended for validating authorization request payloads. It shows no signs of malware, malicious intent, or security risks. Its purpose is to facilitate data validation, with no evidence of suspicious or malicious code.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}