{
  "purpose": "This code provides a React-based asynchronous pagination component for select inputs, leveraging external libraries such as react-select, krustykrab, and sleep-promise. Its purpose is to facilitate dynamic loading of options in a dropdown menu with features like caching, infinite scroll, and custom behavior.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from user inputs (inputValue, menu state), external loadOptions functions, and React component props. It accesses environment variables indirectly via React and external libraries but does not explicitly read system secrets or environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Data flows mainly within the component state and cache. External sinks are the loadOptions callback (which fetches data, possibly from remote sources) and console.error for error reporting. No evidence of data being sent over the network outside loadOptions or exposed to external systems.",
  "flows": "Input values and menu state trigger loadOptions calls; responses are validated and cached; data is used to update component options. No suspicious data flow paths involving untrusted data leading to system or network outside expected React/JavaScript context.",
  "anomalies": "The code employs standard React hooks, memoization, and caching mechanisms. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behavior observed. The code relies on external libraries without any suspicious modifications or dynamic code execution. No obfuscated code or runtime evals present. The only logging is for validation errors, which is standard for debugging.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a typical async pagination component with caching, loading, and response validation. It uses external libraries to handle complex behaviors. No signs of malicious intent such as network exfiltration, reverse shells, or data theft. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious dynamic code execution detected. The only notable activity is data loading and validation, consistent with expected behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React component library for async select inputs. It follows common patterns for such functionality without exhibiting malicious behavior. No indicators of malware or security risks are present based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}