{
  "purpose": "This code generates QR codes with customizable backgrounds, labels, images, and modules, and provides a class interface for creating and retrieving QR codes as data URLs.",
  "sources": "Input data from the 'text' parameter, options object (including potential image URL), and any settings influencing rendering.",
  "sinks": "Usage of 'toDataURL' for exporting the generated QR code image, drawing images via 'drawImage', and potential data leaks if image URLs are malicious or untrusted.",
  "flows": "Input 'text' and options → QR code generation functions → rendering background and modules → exporting image data URL. Image loading flows from provided URL into a canvas for rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution. No network connections initiated by the code itself. Usage of standard library functions and DOM APIs.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on QR code creation, rendering backgrounds, and exporting images. It creates QR codes with adjustable settings, including background images and labels, but does not perform any network communication or sensitive data handling. It loads images via provided URLs, which could be malicious if those URLs are untrusted, but this is typical for image rendering in web contexts. No evidence of backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious side effects was observed. The code employs safe DOM and Canvas APIs, with error handling on image load. It maintains a clean separation of concerns and does not include any suspicious or malicious code patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard QR code generator library with customizable background and module styles. No malicious behavior or malware is detected. The primary security concern is that loading images from untrusted URLs could introduce malicious images or serve as a vector for malicious content, but this is typical in web applications and depends on user-provided data. Overall, the code appears safe and well-structured for its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}