{
  "purpose": "This code generates QR codes with customizable backgrounds, including text or image overlays, using a third-party QR code generator library.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the 'text' parameter in the generate method, options provided by the user (such as ecLevel, version, mode), and image URLs for overlay images. The code reads image URLs and QR code text.",
  "sinks": "The generated QR code image data URL via toDataURL() method; image URLs are used to load images. No direct data leaks or network communications are observed.",
  "flows": "Input text and options flow into createMinQRCode and createQRCode functions, which generate QR code data. If images are used, image URLs are loaded and drawn onto the canvas. The final QR code is exported as a data URL.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code. No anomalous network activity or data leaks are present. The code uses a third-party library for QR code generation, which is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code responsibly creates QR codes with optional background labels or images. It loads images asynchronously and renders QR code modules with configurable options. It manages input data carefully, using parameters for user input. No hardcoded secrets, hidden network connections, or malicious code are present. The structure is clear, and there are no signs of obfuscation or malware. The use of 'qrcode-generator' appears legitimate and appropriate. Overall, the code appears safe and intended solely for QR code creation.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript module generates QR codes with customizable backgrounds, supporting images and text overlays, using standard methods and a reputable third-party library. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. The code is well-structured and appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}