{
  "purpose": "Defines AngularJS application components, directives, services, and controllers for documentation rendering and interactive features.",
  "sources": "Reads data from DOM elements (e.g., $document.find, element.text(), script.src, attributes like $attrs.*), URL patterns from loaded scripts, and user inputs via scope variables.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM elements, injects HTML, appends scripts and styles, submits forms, and interacts with external URLs (e.g., openPlunkr, formPostData).",
  "flows": "Data flows from DOM/attributes and loaded scripts (sources) into dynamic HTML generation, DOM manipulation, and form submissions (sinks).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, suspicious URL patterns, or unusual code structures observed. The code dynamically injects scripts and styles based on configuration but in a standard manner. Use of regular expressions for script URL parsing appears normal. No obfuscated or malicious code detected. Functions like openPlunkr generate form data for external submission but are intended for standard demo sharing. The disqus integration loads external scripts based on configuration.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages AngularJS documentation pages, dynamically loads scripts and styles, generates HTML content, handles focus events, and provides editing links. It parses script URLs and manages page sections and navigation. The injection of external scripts and styles is controlled by configuration variables and URL patterns, not user input. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious logic. The form submission functions and external URL interactions follow standard practices for sharing demo content. No evidence of malware such as data theft, system damage, or unauthorized system access is detected. The code relies on external configurations and data, but nothing indicates malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The source code appears to be a standard AngularJS documentation and demo management script with no malicious behavior or security risks. Its use of dynamic HTML generation and external script loading is typical for such applications and does not show signs of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}