{
  "purpose": "This code is a client-side utility to add or remove a CSS class on the <html> element when the user interacts via keyboard (Tab key) or mouse, primarily to enhance accessibility or styling based on user interaction mode.",
  "sources": "The code reads user interaction events: 'keydown' (listening for 'Tab' key) and 'mousedown' (click events). It accesses the DOM to select the <html> element.",
  "sinks": "Modifies the class list of the <html> element by adding or removing a specific class name, which can influence styling or behavior based on user interaction.",
  "flows": "Event listeners capture keydown and mousedown events. On keydown, if 'Tab' is pressed (or all keys if configured), it adds a class. On mousedown, it removes that class. The flow is straightforward and does not involve untrusted data processing beyond event detection.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The code uses standard event handling for accessibility purposes. No suspicious network activity, data leaks, or obfuscated code are present. No external network connections or data transmissions are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a self-executing function that creates a HasTabbed object to manage CSS class toggling based on user interactions. It uses standard DOM APIs and event listeners. The code adheres to common patterns for feature detection and module exports (CommonJS, AMD, window). There are no indications of malicious intent, data exfiltration, or system interference. Its purpose is purely to enhance user experience based on input modality. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscation, hidden behaviors, or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign accessibility utility intended to detect keyboard navigation and adjust page styling accordingly. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}