{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a UI component library for GOV.UK frontend components, managing accessibility, support, and interaction for various UI elements such as accordions, tabs, navigation, and forms.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from DOM elements, attributes, and dataset properties; uses window.getComputedStyle; reads sessionStorage; reads data-attributes for configuration; reads window.location.hash and URL properties.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM elements and attributes; sets sessionStorage items; updates element text and ARIA attributes; modifies class lists; creates and appends DOM nodes; changes window.location.href.",
  "flows": "Source data from DOM attributes, dataset, URL, and sessionStorage flows into DOM manipulation functions for state management, element visibility, and accessibility updates.",
  "anomalies": "The code is highly obfuscated with minimized variable names, complex class hierarchies, and dynamic DOM manipulation, which can obscure malicious intent. It contains extensive support and UI logic with no clear external data exfiltration or network activity. No suspicious network calls, reverse shells, or cryptomining activities are present. The code uses sessionStorage for state but no hardcoded secrets or credentials are observed. The presence of source maps hints at debugging symbols but not malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive UI component library supporting accessibility and interaction features. It manages tab states, accordions, skip links, password visibility toggles, file uploads, and navigation menus through DOM manipulations, event handlers, and support checks. The obfuscation and minified format make it harder to interpret, but the functionality aligns with standard frontend component behaviors. There are no indicators of malicious data exfiltration, network communication, or sabotage mechanisms. The use of sessionStorage is typical for preserving UI states. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, albeit complex and minified, frontend library with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a minified GOV.UK frontend component library focused on UI interactions and accessibility. No malicious behaviors, backdoors, or suspicious network activities are evident. The obfuscation complicates analysis but does not indicate malicious intent based on available signals.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}