{
  "purpose": "This code configures a Webpack build process for a JavaScript/TypeScript project, handling asset copying, HTML generation, plugin setup, and build optimizations.",
  "sources": "Process arguments (for environment detection), local configuration files (package.json, index.html), and required modules (webpack plugins, path).",
  "sinks": "Webpack plugin configurations, environment variables, and file system operations (like copying files and cleaning directories).",
  "flows": "Process arguments determine environment; environment variable setup influences minification; plugins process assets and HTML templates; output configuration writes files; loaders process code files.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity detected. The code primarily deals with build setup, file handling, and plugin configurations. The commented-out code suggests optional resource copying but is inactive. No obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution, and no suspicious patterns present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard modules and Webpack plugins used for build automation and asset management. It dynamically determines the environment and dev server status. It copies web component scripts and static assets to the output directory, configures HTML template generation with minification in production, and sets up various loaders for CSS, SASS, TypeScript, and JavaScript. Environment variables are defined for build purposes. The code structure and modules used are typical for Webpack configurations, with no signs of malicious intent. No network activity, data leakage, or system manipulation code is present. The build process seems legitimate, and there is no evidence of sabotage or malware within this configuration.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard Webpack build configuration script with no malicious behavior or security risks detected. It efficiently manages asset handling, environment setup, and plugin configuration typical for web projects. No suspicious or malicious patterns are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}