{
  "purpose": "This code configures a Webpack build process for a JavaScript project, handling asset management, plugin setup, environment variables, and module rules for processing different file types.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (process.argv), project package.json, local files (index.html, index.ts), node_modules dependencies, and command-line arguments.",
  "sinks": "Uses environment variables, file system operations (copying files, cleaning directories), and dynamic plugin loading. No direct untrusted data output observed.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence plugin behavior (e.g., minification, build mode). File copying and asset inclusion are based on static paths. No untrusted input directly flows into critical sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. All dependencies and file paths are standard for a build configuration. No signs of obfuscation or malicious code injection. Commented-out code is benign and typical in configs.",
  "analysis": "The script is a typical Webpack configuration for building a web application, managing plugins, file copying, environment setup, and module rules. No suspicious network activity, no dynamic code execution from untrusted sources, and no embedded secrets. The code reads environment flags and command-line arguments to determine build modes, which is standard. Use of plugins and loaders aligns with common practices. There are no signs of malware or malicious behavior, and the code appears intentionally structured for a build process. All operations are confined to local files and build-time configurations, with no signs of data leakage, backdoors, or malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Webpack build configuration with no malicious intent detected. It handles asset management and build process setup securely. No malware or malicious behavior is evident, and the risk level is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}