{
  "purpose": "This code is a webpack configuration script used to build and serve a JavaScript project, managing assets, plugins, and environment variables.",
  "sources": "Process arguments for environment detection; require statements for dependencies; static asset paths; environment variables; webpack plugins and loaders; configuration options.",
  "sinks": "Execution of webpack build process; writing files to output directories; injection of environment variables; plugin execution (e.g., copy, clean, html processing); loading of scripts and styles.",
  "flows": "Command line arguments -> environment detection -> plugin and loader setup -> static assets copying -> HTML and script injection -> build output generation.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns. The code uses standard build configuration and common plugins. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors detected. All dependencies are standard and well-known. The code is structured normally, with no obfuscated or malicious-looking parts.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical webpack configuration script designed to build and serve a web application. It handles environment detection, asset copying, plugin setup, and module rules. It utilizes standard plugins like HtmlWebpackPlugin, CopyWebpackPlugin, CleanWebpackPlugin, and babel-loader for transpilation. The environment variables are set via process arguments and do not reveal secrets or hardcoded credentials. No dynamic code execution, network communications, or data leaks are present. The code does not contain obfuscated or suspicious patterns. It appears safe, with no indicators of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured webpack configuration for building a web application. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It relies on common open-source plugins and modules, with no suspicious anomalies detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}