{
  "purpose": "This code implements a wakeword detection system that processes audio streams, extracts features, and detects specified keywords based on feature comparison. It facilitates adding, removing, enabling, and disabling keywords and manages audio data for real-time detection.",
  "sources": "Data is read from audio buffers via the _transform method, files through extractFeaturesFromFile, and buffers through extractFeaturesFromBuffer. It also reads audio streams piped into extractors and VAD filters.",
  "sinks": "Detected keywords are output via push (events with payloads). Audio data chunks are stored internally for processing detection results. Errors are emitted via the error method.",
  "flows": "Audio buffers flow from _transform into the extractor, which emits feature data; features flow into _processFeatures, which triggers detection logic; detection results flow to push (output) or reset. File reading and buffer ingestion flow into feature extraction methods.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for an audio keyword detection system; no suspicious or unusual code is evident. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious behaviors are observed. Use of debugging statements is for development and diagnostics, not malicious purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a wakeword detection class with methods for processing audio streams, extracting features from files/buffers/streams, and managing keywords. It uses event-driven architecture for feature extraction and detection. No indications of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, reverse shells, or hidden backdoors are present. The debug statements are typical for debugging. The feature comparison and VAD filtering are standard. No suspicious code patterns or anomalies were identified. The code’s structure aligns with legitimate audio processing applications.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript module appears to be a legitimate implementation of a wakeword detection system without malicious intent. It handles audio processing and keyword detection using standard techniques. There are no signs of malware or security risks within the analyzed code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}