{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be an index or entry point module that imports various mathematical utility functions and classes, then exports them for external use. It facilitates modular access to number operations like addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, comparison, and decimal handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the local module files (./add, ./addUnsigned, ./common, ./compare, ./Decimal, ./divide, ./isZero, ./multiply, ./removeLeadingZeroes, ./subtract, ./subtractUnsigned) and from the exports of the common module.",
  "sinks": "Exports are made to be used by other modules or external code. There are no direct untrusted data inputs or network communications within this code snippet.",
  "flows": "Data flows from imported modules to the exported interface, but there are no dynamic data flows, user inputs, or untrusted data processing observed in this code segment.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or unusual code behavior are present. The code strictly manages module imports and exports without any dynamic execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward module index that imports various mathematical functions and a class, then exports them for external use. It uses standard ES module import/export syntax, with no signs of obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or malicious logic. The pattern is typical for a JavaScript library designed for numerical operations. There are no hardcoded credentials, network calls, or other suspicious behaviors. Given the clarity and simplicity, there are no indications of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This code serves as a module aggregator for a numeric or decimal operation library. It appears benign, with no malicious behavior or security risks identified. It simply re-exports functions from other modules, which themselves would need review for security. Based on this snippet alone, it is safe.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}