{
  "purpose": "The code implements a custom HTML element for proxying cross-origin requests via a CORS proxy service, enabling fetching of resources through specified URLs.",
  "sources": "The code reads attributes 'href' and 'service-url', which are user-configurable and determine the URL to fetch and the proxy service URL.",
  "sinks": "The fetch call is a key sink where untrusted 'href' and 'service-url' are used to generate network requests.",
  "flows": "User provides 'href' and optionally 'service-url' -> calculateURL combines 'service-url' with 'href' -> fetch request is initiated with the constructed URL.",
  "anomalies": "The code accepts external URLs for both proxy and target, but does not validate or sanitize these URLs, which could be exploited for SSRF or malicious redirects. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The use of a third-party proxy (cors-anywhere.herokuapp.com) could be a concern if misused.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a web component that proxies requests through a user-specified URL, defaulting to 'https://cors-anywhere.herokuapp.com/'. It reads 'href' and 'service-url' attributes, constructs fetch URLs dynamically, and performs network requests. The 'calculateURL' method combines the proxy URL with the target URL without validation, potentially allowing malicious URL injection or SSRF if 'href' is user-controlled. There are no obfuscated or malicious-looking code patterns, but the potential misuse of the proxy URL to access internal or malicious endpoints exists. The code does not include any data exfiltration, credential theft, or malicious payloads, but the dynamic URL handling and reliance on external proxy raise security considerations. Overall, the code itself is not malicious but could be exploited if used improperly. No hidden backdoors or malicious behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a CORS proxy wrapper as a web component. It relies on external URLs provided by users without validation, which could be exploited for malicious purposes such as SSRF. No malware or malicious intent is evident within the code itself. Security risk is moderate due to unvalidated URL usage but not inherently malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 5
}