{
  "purpose": "The code implements a drag selection tool that creates a selection box on the webpage, allowing users to select elements by dragging.",
  "sources": "Reads data from DOM elements via document.querySelectorAll, document.getElementById, and event properties such as event.pageX, event.pageY, event.clientX, event.clientY.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM elements by adding/removing class names, appending style and div elements, and manipulating inline styles. Uses document.head.appendChild and document.body.appendChild to add CSS and selection box elements.",
  "flows": "Mouse events (mousedown, mousemove, mouseup) read user input (sources) and update DOM elements (sinks) to reflect the selection box and selected items. Event handlers track cursor positions and modify element classes accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "Code dynamically creates style tags and DOM elements with specific IDs and class names. The style rules are dynamically generated from a string. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code signatures are evident. No external network communication or obfuscated code is present. Use of event listeners and DOM manipulation is standard for such UI features.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a draggable selection box with event listeners that track mouse movements to visually indicate selection regions. It adds a style element with CSS rules for the selection visual appearance. The code updates element classes to mark selected items based on cursor position within their bounding rectangles. No suspicious network activity, data leakage, or hidden behaviors are detected. The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of a drag-to-select UI component without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward drag selection utility that manipulates DOM elements for visual selection. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It is a benign utility for user interaction. No obfuscation or malware signals identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}