{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a mathematical expression parser and evaluator, supporting constants, functions, and operators.",
  "sources": "The code reads input through functions like 'calculate', 'evaluate', and 'parse' which take string expressions as input. It also accesses properties of 't.constants' and 't.deg' for configuration.",
  "sinks": "The code performs mathematical computations and may invoke functions dynamically via 'e(...e.args.map(a))'. However, this is within a controlled parser context. No external data sinks are explicitly present.",
  "flows": "Input strings are tokenized by 'E', parsed into expression trees by 'g', and then evaluated by 'd', which processes source expressions through a recursive descent parser. User-provided expressions flow through this pipeline.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution detected. The use of 'Math.random()' is normal for generating random numbers, not malicious. No external network calls or system modifications are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines mathematical constants and functions, and provides an expression parser and evaluator supporting basic arithmetic, functions, and constants. It processes input expressions by tokenizing, parsing into an AST, and recursively evaluating. The functions are standard mathematical implementations, including gamma function via Lanczos approximation and factorial calculations. No evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The 'evaluate' and 'calculate' functions do not perform unsafe operations or external interactions. The dynamic 'e(...e.args)' calls are confined within controlled function mappings, representing safe functional evaluations. No hardcoded credentials, network activity, or suspicious code structures are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical expression parser and evaluator with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It operates securely within its scope, and no malicious behaviors or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}