{
  "purpose": "A mathematical expression parser and evaluator supporting constants, functions, and operators, designed to process and compute mathematical expressions safely.",
  "sources": "Input string provided to 'calculate', 'evaluate', or 'parse' functions; tokenization process reads the input expression.",
  "sinks": "No external data sinks; no network calls, file operations, or data exfiltration points detected.",
  "flows": "Tokenize input -> parse tokens into expression tree -> evaluate expression -> output result; no external data flow or side effects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns; use of 'Math.random()' in 'rand' function is standard and controlled; no obfuscation or hardcoded secrets.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive mathematical expression parser employing recursive descent parsing, supporting constants, functions, and operators. It uses controlled mappings for functions and constants, with safe evaluation methods. No malicious behaviors such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The use of 'Math.random()' is within expected bounds for random number generation. The code structure is clear, with no obfuscation or suspicious code segments. The functions are standard, and the parser handles expressions securely. The scores assigned in the critical reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2) are consistent with the code's behavior. Given the absence of malicious activity or security vulnerabilities, the overall security risk is negligible.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, safe mathematical expression parser and evaluator with no malicious intent or obfuscation. The low security risk score of 0.2 is appropriate but could be conservatively lowered to 0.0, as no security threats are present. The malware and obfuscation scores are justified at 0. Overall, the code is secure and suitable for use in production environments with standard input validation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}