{
  "purpose": "This code implements an HTTP/HTTPS proxy server with throttling capabilities, allowing request and response rate limiting based on pattern matching of URLs.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from incoming HTTP requests, request headers, and request URL; it also reads pattern strings for URL matching and throttle speeds from parameters.",
  "sinks": "Data flows from incoming requests through the proxy to external servers; responses are piped back to clients. Throttling pipes data between proxy responses and clients.",
  "flows": "Input data (request headers and URL) -> pattern matching and request options setup -> request to external server -> response handling -> piping response data through throttle (if enabled) back to client.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors detected. The pattern processing and request piping are standard proxy patterns. The code does not include network connections to suspicious domains or perform unauthorized data exfiltration. No obfuscation, obfuscated code, or malicious code insertion observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of an HTTP/HTTPS proxy with optional URL pattern matching and throttling. It correctly distinguishes between http and https requests. It pipes request and response data appropriately, applying throttling as specified. The pattern conversion function processes wildcard patterns into RegExp objects, which is standard. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors are present. The code avoids unsafe operations and uses standard Node.js modules. Overall, it appears as a legitimate proxy server implementation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate proxy server with throttling and URL pattern filtering features. No malicious behavior or malware signs detected. It performs standard request handling, pattern matching, and data piping securely.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}