{
  "purpose": "Media processing: normalize audio volume and generate waveform comparison images.",
  "sources": "Input file path, output file path, options object (volume, normalize, waveform parameters), filenames for images.",
  "sinks": "Shell commands executing ffmpeg and convert utilities, temporary image files for waveform images.",
  "flows": "Input file and options -> command string construction -> shell execution -> waveform image creation and merging -> cleanup commands.",
  "anomalies": "Use of string interpolation for command construction with unvalidated inputs, Windows-specific cleanup commands ('del /f'), execution via spawn with shell:true, potential for command injection.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs shell commands by interpolating user-controlled parameters directly into command strings, then executes them via spawn with shell:true, concatenated with '&&'. Filenames and options are not sanitized, posing command injection risks if inputs are malicious. Cleanup commands are Windows-specific and could be exploited if filenames are crafted maliciously. No malware, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The primary security concern is command injection, which is accurately identified in the reports. Scores assigned (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: ~0.4) are consistent with this assessment. To mitigate risks, input sanitization and safer command execution methods are recommended. Overall, the code is a legitimate media utility with a moderate security risk due to unsafe command construction, but no active malicious activity or malware is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs intended media normalization and waveform generation without malicious intent. The main security issue is potential command injection stemming from unsanitized inputs. No malware or obfuscation is present. The current scoring reflects this, with a moderate risk level appropriate given the context. Improvements should focus on input validation and safer command execution practices.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}