{
  "purpose": "The code defines a collection of mathematical functions and constants, likely for utility or computational purposes.",
  "sources": "The code initializes functions and constants directly within the module scope, such as Math functions, constants like PI, and various mathematical operations.",
  "sinks": "The code does not appear to use untrusted input or data; it solely defines functions and constants. No sinks are found that lead to data leaks or system effects.",
  "flows": "There are no identifiable source-to-sink data flows, as the code only creates functions and constants without processing external data.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains an extensive list of mathematical functions with cryptic naming conventions. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious operations are evident. The code structure appears to be a straightforward utility library. The source map comment at the end suggests minified code, but the main code is readable and straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of mathematical utility functions and constants, such as exponential, power, square root, trigonometric functions, and various comparison and arithmetic operations. These are standard mathematical utilities with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent. The naming conventions (e.g., 'o', 't', 'e') are typical of minified code, but the functions themselves are benign. There are no data inputs, outputs, or system calls that could be exploited maliciously. The presence of the source map comment indicates that this code was likely minified from a larger source, but the core logic remains transparent and benign.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a mathematical utility library with no malicious behavior, no data leaks, and no suspicious activities. It is likely intended for computational purposes within a larger project. No evidence of malware or security risks was found.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}