{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of mathematical utility functions and constants, such as trigonometric functions, logarithms, comparisons, and basic arithmetic operations, packaged as an object assigned to 'double'. It appears to serve as a library for mathematical computations.",
  "sources": "The code sources data mainly from its own function definitions and constants, with no external input or data reading operations present.",
  "sinks": "No sinks related to untrusted data, external network communication, or data leaks are present. The functions perform in-memory computations only.",
  "flows": "There are no data flows from untrusted sources to sinks; the code consists solely of pure function definitions and constant exports.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a large collection of mathematical functions with obscure or minimal documentation, but no evident malicious behavior or suspicious logic. The use of a self-invoking function to define and export utility functions is standard for UMD modules. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code is concise and primarily functional.",
  "analysis": "The script creates a set of mathematical utility functions (e.g., exp, pow, sqrt, sin, cos, log, compare functions, arithmetic operations) and constants (PI, -1, 0, 1, 2, 5). It uses a self-invoking wrapper to define and expose these functions in different module systems (CommonJS, AMD, global). The functions are straightforward wrappers around JavaScript's Math functions or simple arithmetic operations, often with slight modifications or additional functionality (e.g., approximate comparisons, sign functions, logical comparisons). There are no external data sources, no network requests, no file operations, or obfuscated code. The structure and content suggest a mathematical library without malicious intent. All functions appear to perform standard mathematical computations, and there are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful side effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical utility library encapsulated in a self-invoking function, with no malicious or suspicious elements detected. It is designed for mathematical computations and does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}