{
  "purpose": "This code parses Prometheus metrics formatted text into structured JavaScript objects, extracting metric names, labels, help texts, types, and sample values.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'metrics' string parameter of parsePrometheusTextFormat, as well as from individual lines within that string during parsing.",
  "sinks": "The code processes data internally; no external sinks or data exfiltration functions are present. It does not write or send data externally.",
  "flows": "Input string -> split into lines -> parse each line to extract metric data -> build structured objects -> return object mapping metric names to data.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. The code relies on standard parsing and data transformation functions. No obfuscated code, and all dependencies are standard and safe.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a line-by-line parser for Prometheus metrics text format, handling metadata lines (HELP, TYPE) and sample lines, including labels, values, and timestamps. It includes functions for unescaping help text, flattening metric groups, and converting arrays to objects. The parsing logic appears to strictly follow the Prometheus format. No external network calls, no manipulation of environment variables, and no suspicious behaviors are present. The require statement imports 'shallow-equal', which is a common library used for object comparisons and poses no security concern. The code is well-structured and uses standard JavaScript features. No malicious or maliciously intended code found.",
  "conclusion": "This is a straightforward, standard parser for Prometheus metrics with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The code performs data parsing and transformation solely within its scope, and no malicious or suspicious activities are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}