{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define a set of constants, resource URL builders, and a resource loader class for a web-based media or face editing application, likely used for loading assets such as images, binaries, and models.",
  "sources": "The code reads resource URLs from constants and array elements, primarily constructing URLs for assets like images, binary files, and lookup tables. It also reads input parameters for resource loading functions.",
  "sinks": "The code performs network requests via XMLHttpRequest to fetch resources, and loads these resources into the application. It does not perform any data leakage, or execute code from untrusted sources beyond resource loading.",
  "flows": "Resource URLs are constructed from predefined constants and passed into XMLHttpRequest to fetch data. The data is then processed or stored within the application. No direct flow from untrusted input to dangerous sink is evident.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The resource URLs seem to be from a public CDN and are used for asset loading. No suspicious dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hidden backdoors detected. The code structure is typical for asset loading modules.",
  "analysis": "The script mainly defines numerous enumeration-like constants, URL generators for assets, and a resource loader class (U). The resource loader uses XMLHttpRequest to fetch assets asynchronously, reporting progress, and providing hooks for success and failure. No code injection, data exfiltration, or malicious network behavior is evident. The code structure and URL endpoints suggest legitimate resource loading for a media or face editing SDK. No obfuscation, hidden payloads, or suspicious behaviors identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical resource management module for asset loading in a web application. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or malware indicators. Its functions are limited to fetching and caching resources from known, public URLs. No security risks or malicious activity are detected based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}