{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be an ESLint plugin rule definition intended to enforce best practices by discouraging synchronous functions from using throw statements to throw errors directly. It aims to suggest returning Error instances instead.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the context parameter, specifically the code nodes related to function declarations, variable declarations with arrow functions, property functions, and class methods. It processes AST nodes to identify throw statements within these functions.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks in this code that handle untrusted data or perform data leaks. The code does not process or output external data; it only reports code style issues based on the AST nodes.",
  "flows": "The flow involves parsing specific AST node patterns (function declarations, arrow functions, property functions, methods) and identifying any throw statements within their block statements. These identified nodes are then reported via context.report.",
  "anomalies": "The code is a standard ESLint rule definition with no unusual or malicious code constructs. No hard-coded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code is focused solely on code style enforcement.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a module exporting an object with metadata and a create function. The create function registers handlers for specific AST node patterns that correspond to synchronous functions. Each handler reports if a throw statement is found within the function body, recommending returning Error objects instead of throwing directly. The code uses standard ESLint rule pattern matching, with no obfuscated code, external data access, or malicious constructs. It is a straightforward implementation of a style rule with no security issues.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign ESLint rule plugin designed to enforce best practices in JavaScript error handling. It contains no malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It simply reports stylistic issues related to throwing errors in synchronous functions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}