{
  "purpose": "Provide safe mathematical operations (addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, power) using the BigNumber library to avoid precision errors.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to methods (a, b) passed into add, sub, mul, div, pow functions.",
  "sinks": "The perform function executes mathematical operations; potential issues could arise if operation is overridden or maliciously manipulated.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are used to instantiate BigNumber objects, then processed through the operator function, and results are returned as strings.",
  "anomalies": "The use of a shared 'self' variable to hold the class context is unusual and could lead to context issues. The default case in switch assigns 'operation' directly to 'operator', which could execute malicious code if 'operation' is user-controlled, potentially leading to code injection if 'operation' is not validated. No input sanitization or validation is performed on 'operation'.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a wrapper around BigNumber.js for arithmetic operations. The perform function dynamically assigns the operator based on the 'operation' parameter, with a default fallback to directly use 'operation' as a function. If 'operation' is user-controlled, this could lead to execution of arbitrary code, constituting a security risk. The 'self' variable is used to maintain context but is globally assigned, which is an unusual pattern. No external data sources, environment variables, or network operations are present. No obfuscated or minified code. No malicious code or data leakage observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of safe arithmetic operations using BigNumber. However, the handling of the 'operation' parameter without validation poses a potential security risk of code injection if 'operation' is user-controlled and maliciously crafted. Overall, the code does not contain malicious behavior but has a security concern regarding dynamic function assignment.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 2
}