{
  "purpose": "This code defines a small expression parser and evaluator, compiling simple mathematical expressions with operators +, -, *, /, %. It is intended to process template strings with embedded variables and evaluate them.",
  "sources": "Input comes from the 'template' array and 'substitutions' arguments passed to function 'f'. The 'template' array elements are tokenized, and 'substitutions' are used as variable values during evaluation.",
  "sinks": "Evaluation of expressions via 'execCompiled' with 'substitutions' passed as 'params'. The parameters are used in expression functions, but the code does not write to external systems or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "Input 'template' and 'substitutions' are tokenized and parsed into a function 'fn'. When invoked, 'fn' uses 'params' (the substitutions) to compute the result. No external sinks are present; data flows from input parameters through the expression functions to the output.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns. The code is a standard expression parser and evaluator. No suspicious network activity, code injection, or hidden behaviors are present. No obfuscated or minified code identified.",
  "analysis": "The code imports basic math operations and defines a set of tokens and a parser for simple infix expressions with operator precedence. The 'tokens' generator tokenizes input strings, and 'compile' creates a function that evaluates expressions with variable inputs. The 'f' function compiles a template and executes it with given substitutions. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as network calls, file operations, or data leaks. It strictly performs mathematical expression evaluation based on provided parameters.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward mathematical expression parser and evaluator. It does not exhibit malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It only processes input expressions with variable substitutions to produce a numerical result. No suspicious or harmful behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}