{
  "purpose": "This code defines and exports a JavaScript module for loan schedule calculations, including amortization and payment computations, likely used for financial applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from object properties such as 'loanSettings', 'loanAmortizations', and 'config', as well as function parameters. It also accesses environment data indirectly via Date objects and constants.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include calculations that involve user input for loan parameters (amount, interest rate, term), and methods that could be used to generate outputs or further process data. No direct data leak or network transmission is evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and object properties into calculation functions. Input values such as loan amount, interest rate, and term are used to compute monthly payments and amortization schedules, with results stored in variables and returned by methods.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are observed. The code performs standard financial calculations using mathematical formulas. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured implementation of loan amortization logic. It initializes configurations, provides methods for calculating monthly payments and insurance, and generates amortization schedules based on input data. The functions use typical formulas for financial calculations. No signs of malicious behavior, data leakage, or external network activity are detected. The code appears to be part of a legitimate financial tool.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of loan schedule calculations with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It handles data input, processing, and output in a typical manner for such applications. No malware signals are present, and the structure is consistent with legitimate financial software.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}