{
  "purpose": "This code manages dynamic form handling, data fetching, UI updates, and interaction for a web application that performs document matching using an external API. It initializes form values, loads sample data, manages user interactions, and generates code snippets for user guidance.",
  "sources": "Fetch requests to 'sample.txt', 'models.json', and '/version'; user inputs from form fields and range sliders; document uploads and button clicks; clipboard actions; and event handlers for UI controls.",
  "sinks": "Updating DOM elements with fetched data; setting textarea and input values; creating and appending DOM elements; executing fetch POST request to '/api/match'; generating code snippets with user data; clipboard copying; and displaying modals and toasts.",
  "flows": "Fetch sample.txt → populate textarea; fetch models.json → populate dropdown; form submission → send data to API → display results; code generation → insert code snippet into modal; user interactions → update UI and controls.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. The code performs typical UI and data fetch operations without suspicious logic. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution that appears malicious. Use of fetch and DOM APIs is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code securely fetches static resources (sample text, models list, version) and dynamically updates the UI based on user inputs. The form submission involves sending user-provided documents and parameters to an API endpoint, which is standard for such applications. Event handlers for UI controls, including range sliders and toggles, update the DOM responsibly. The code generates a code snippet based on form data, and provides mechanisms to load document templates and copy generated code. No suspicious data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious actions are present. The only potential concern is the use of fetch to external resources; however, these are static or expected endpoints, not malicious URLs. Overall, the code appears legitimate, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical web application script handling user interactions, data fetching, and result display without malicious intent. No malware or security risks are detected based on the provided code. It operates securely within its intended scope.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}