{
  "purpose": "This code imports various utility modules, libraries, and helpers related to icons, utils, legacy functions, and d3 interactions, then extends the d3 selection prototype with custom tap and long-tap event handlers, and exports several constants for use in other parts of the application.",
  "sources": "Imports from local modules ('./icons/iconset', './utils', './legacy/...'), and from 'd3' library. Uses '__VERSION', '__BUILD', '__PACKAGE_JSON_FIELDS' variables, which are likely injected during build time.",
  "sinks": "Assignment of functions 'onTap' and 'onLongTap' to 'selection.prototype', which could affect all d3 selections in the environment; exporting version and utility constants.",
  "flows": "Imported modules are used to extend the prototype with event handlers; version info and utilities are exported for external use. No data flows from untrusted sources identified.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward, importing modules, extending prototypes, and exporting constants. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious code, or unusual behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code imports various local modules and third-party library 'd3', then extends the d3 selection prototype with custom event handlers 'onTap' and 'onLongTap' from legacy helpers. It also exports version info and utility modules. The presence of prototype extension may affect global d3 behavior but is not inherently malicious. The use of build-time variables for version info is standard. No obfuscated code, no suspicious network activity, or malicious patterns are detected. The code does not process external untrusted data directly, nor does it perform any unsafe operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical module setup for a JavaScript project, importing utilities, extending library prototypes, and exporting constants. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. The only potential concern is the global extension of d3 prototypes, which should be reviewed in context but is not malicious in itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}