{
  "purpose": "This code defines an AngularJS module 'toastr' which provides toast notification functionalities, including creation, display, and removal of toast messages with configurable options.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options from the 'toastrConfig' constant and DOM elements via AngularJS's jqLite/ jQuery for target elements and template URLs. It also reads scope variables and event handlers within directives and controllers.",
  "sinks": "The code interacts with the DOM to insert toast notifications, including injecting HTML content such as close buttons and message content. It also executes functions based on user interactions (e.g., 'onHidden', 'onShown', 'onTap') which are provided via configuration, potentially allowing execution of injected code if these functions are maliciously overridden.",
  "flows": "Data flows from configuration options and user interactions through scope variables to DOM manipulations and callback invocations. User-triggered events (clicks, mouseenter/leave) invoke methods like 'remove' and 'refreshTimer', which modify internal toast state and DOM elements. Callbacks defined in options can be invoked during these events, which if maliciously overridden, could execute malicious code.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, network connections, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code uses standard AngularJS patterns for creating UI components. There is no evidence of obfuscated or malicious logic. The only notable aspect is that callback functions (e.g., 'onHidden', 'onShown', 'onTap') are invoked without sanitization, but this is typical and depends on external configuration. No signs of malware or covert behavior are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical AngularJS implementation of a toast notification service, including directives, controllers, and configuration constants. It manages toast lifecycle, DOM interactions, and event handling in a straightforward manner. No signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data theft, or hidden backdoors are found. The usage of callback functions from configuration allows extensibility but could be exploited if malicious code is supplied externally. Overall, the structure and content are consistent with standard UI notification libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, benign implementation of a toast notification system for AngularJS. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks within this code fragment. It relies on external configuration and user interaction but does not perform any harmful actions internally.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}