{
  "purpose": "The code implements an AngularJS module for displaying toast notifications with configurable options, including creating, removing, and managing notification popups in a web application.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data (toastrConfig), DOM elements, and AngularJS scope variables. Also reads input parameters for toast messages, options, and user interactions such as clicks.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM elements for notification display, executes AngularJS functions (e.g., $compile, $animate), and triggers callbacks (onHidden, onShown, onTap). Uses $interval and $animate to animate and remove toast elements.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (messages, options) through internal functions to DOM manipulation for display and removal. User interactions (click, hover) can trigger callback functions. Configuration data influences behavior and appearance.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network connections are evident. The code predominantly manages UI components and user interactions. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code detected. Use of $injector for $compile and $animate is standard for AngularJS. No indications of data exfiltration, reverse shells, or malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a toast notification system for AngularJS, utilizing standard AngularJS services and directives. It handles creation, display, timing, and removal of toast messages with configurable options. The functions perform DOM manipulations, event handling, and callbacks without any external network calls, file operations, or code injections. No suspicious or malicious patterns, such as network exfiltration, cryptomining, or backdoors, are detected. The code structure and dependencies are typical for UI component modules.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of an AngularJS toast notification module with no malicious intent. It manages UI elements, user interactions, and configurations securely without any suspicious or malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}