{
  "purpose": "This code defines an AngularJS module 'toastr' that creates a customizable notification (toast) system with various notification types and configurations.",
  "sources": "Input data from optionsOverride, user-supplied messages, and scope variables such as title and message.",
  "sinks": "Rendering of HTML via ng-bind-html with potential trust bypass; DOM manipulations with $animate and $compile; execution of user-provided callback functions on events (onHidden, onShown, onTap).",
  "flows": "User input messages pass through to scope variables; optionsOverride and configuration influence notification rendering; user events trigger callbacks, and DOM manipulations affect display.",
  "anomalies": "Use of $sce.trustAsHtml for message and title, which could be exploited if inputs are untrusted and not sanitized. No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors. No dynamic code execution or suspicious network activity is present. The code appears standard for an AngularJS notification library.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes an AngularJS module with notification logic, including message creation, display, removal, and event handling. It employs standard AngularJS practices with dependency injection, scopes, and animations. It allows HTML content in messages if configured, using $sce to trust HTML, which could be a risk if input isn't sanitized. The configuration options and templates are static, and there are no indications of malicious network activity, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The logic is typical for a toast notification library, with no signs of obfuscation or malware. No suspicious code paths, external connections, or data leaks are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a toastr notification system for AngularJS with configurable options. It handles user messages and interactions safely within typical bounds, with a minor concern regarding trust in HTML content via $sce, which should be sanitized by the user. No malicious behavior or sabotage is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}