{
  "purpose": "This code generates SCSS styles and utility classes based on input objects and design tokens, primarily for styling purposes in a project.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'obj' parameter passed to generateStyles, including nested design tokens and settings. It also accesses constants from '../constants' for configuration keys and separators.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs generated SCSS variable definitions and utility class strings into the 'output' object, which is returned at the end. These are string concatenations for CSS/SCSS code.",
  "flows": "Input design tokens and settings flow through generateStylesInner, which processes tokens and settings, then passes token values to generateToken, which creates SCSS variable declarations and utility classes. The output strings are accumulated in the 'output' object, which is returned.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, network connections, or suspicious code patterns are present. The code does not perform data exfiltration, system modifications, or dynamic code execution. Use of constants and string concatenations appear benign. The function ensures array consistency with 'ensureArray', and there is no obfuscated or misleading code.",
  "analysis": "The code processes an input object to generate SCSS variables and utilities, respecting configuration settings and breakpoints. It systematically constructs variable names, utility classes, and media queries. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or external data leaks. The code uses standard programming constructs for style generation, with no suspicious side effects or hidden behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a benign style generation utility with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It strictly deals with string manipulation and output generation for CSS/SCSS, with no network activity or system modification. It is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}