{
  "purpose": "The code appears to load and initialize a WebAssembly module, likely for computational or processing tasks, with auxiliary functions for handling data conversions, memory management, and dynamic function registration.",
  "sources": "Data is read from 'import.meta.url', 'document.currentScript.src', and external resources fetched via URLs stored in variables like 'J'. It also reads from global 'g' object properties such as 'wasmBinary', 'printErr', 'noExitRuntime', and various configuration parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the fetching of binary data over network (via 'fetch'), dynamic execution of functions via 'Function', 'eval'-like constructs, and memory manipulation functions like '_malloc' and '_free'. The code also invokes functions that dynamically register or invoke handlers, which could be manipulated to execute malicious code if inputs are compromised.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources ('import.meta.url', 'document.currentScript.src', 'g.wasmBinary', 'fetch') into WebAssembly instantiation, memory management, and function registration functions. External data, particularly from 'J' or fetched resources, is converted from base64 or array buffers and loaded into memory for execution. Function registration and invocation flow through dynamically created function wrappers and callback mechanisms.",
  "anomalies": "The code is highly complex, minified, and involves extensive dynamic function registration, memory management, and external data fetching, which are common in obfuscated or malicious scripts. The embedded base64 strings are lengthy, contain patterns consistent with encoded data or binary blobs, and the code's structure uses many indirect calls and dynamic evaluation mechanisms that complicate analysis. However, no explicit hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident, but the overall complexity and data flow patterns are suspicious for obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily loads a WebAssembly binary from either a local or remote source, decodes base64-encoded data, manages memory, and sets up dynamic function invocation. The intricate structure, packed with base64 strings, conditional network fetches, and dynamic type registration, is characteristic of complex, possibly obfuscated code. It does not directly perform network exfiltration, reverse shells, or cryptocurrency mining, but the use of dynamic code execution, external resource loading, and extensive memory management opens potential attack vectors if inputs or fetched data are compromised. The embedded base64 blobs could encode malicious payloads, but without decoding, this remains speculative. Overall, the code could be benign but is suspicious due to its obfuscation, complex data flows, and dynamic behaviors typical of malicious or sabotage intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a complex, obfuscated JavaScript module that loads a WebAssembly binary and sets up extensive dynamic function registration and memory management. While it does not contain explicit malicious actions like network exfiltration or backdoors, its obfuscated nature, intricate data flows, and reliance on external binary data and dynamic evaluation suggest a high risk profile. It warrants cautious review, particularly decoding embedded data and confirming the source and intent of external resources, before use in production environments.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0.5,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "report_number": 3
}