{
  "purpose": "Provides pan and zoom functionality for SVG elements, including handling of user interactions like mouse wheel, touch gestures, and panning via mouse or touch events.",
  "sources": "User input events such as 'wheel', 'touchstart', 'touchmove', 'touchend', 'mousedown', 'mouseup', and 'mousemove'. It also reads element attributes like 'width' and 'height', and properties of the SVG node (e.g., preserveAspectRatio).",
  "sinks": "Modifies the SVG viewbox based on user interactions; uses 'this.viewbox()' and 'this.zoom()' functions to change the view. No direct data leakage or insecure sink usage is detected.",
  "flows": "User interactions (sources) trigger event handlers that manipulate the viewbox or zoom level (sinks). For example, wheel events trigger 'wheelZoom', which adjusts zoom level; touch gestures trigger 'pinchZoom', which transforms the viewbox; mouse drags trigger 'panning', which translates the viewbox.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behavior, hardcoded credentials, or backdoors detected. Event handlers are properly set up and torn down; no dynamic code execution or obfuscated patterns observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a 'panZoom' method extending the Svg class, handling multiple user interactions for zooming and panning. It normalizes touch events, manages event listeners, and applies transformations to the SVG viewbox. The functions perform standard geometric calculations and event dispatching without suspicious or malicious operations. No data exfiltration, network activity, or system manipulation is present. The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of SVG interaction controls with appropriate event management.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, well-structured implementation of SVG pan and zoom controls. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. No signs of sabotage or malicious data handling are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}