{
  "purpose": "The code provides an extension to the SVG.js library to enable pan and zoom interactions on SVG elements, supporting features like wheel zoom, pinch zoom, and panning with various options.",
  "sources": "User interactions such as 'wheel', 'touchstart', 'touchmove', 'touchend', 'mousedown', 'mouseup', and corresponding event data like clientX, clientY, deltaY.",
  "sinks": "Viewbox manipulation and potential data leakage through viewbox adjustments, or unintended state changes via event dispatching (e.g., 'zoom', 'panStart', 'panEnd', 'pinchZoomStart', 'pinchZoomEnd', 'panning').",
  "flows": "User input events (sources) are normalized and processed to calculate zoom levels and translation vectors, which are then applied to the SVG viewbox. Event dispatches allow external handlers to intercept or prevent actions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors; code appears focused solely on viewbox transformations for panning and zooming. No suspicious network activity, data exfiltration, or system manipulation observed. The code uses standard event handling and SVG transformations. No obfuscated code detected; it is well-structured and clear.",
  "analysis": "The code extends SVG.js with a 'panZoom' method that configures interaction options and registers event handlers for wheel zoom, touch gestures, and mouse events. It normalizes input, calculates zoom and pan transformations, and applies them to the SVG viewbox. It dispatches custom events allowing external code to intervene or cancel actions. All data read operations are input events; outputs are manipulations of SVG viewbox parameters and event dispatches. No operations read or send external system or network data. No malicious logic, backdoors, or hidden functionalities are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of pan and zoom interactions for SVG elements, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It responsibly handles user input, provides hooks for external event handling, and manipulates SVG viewboxes for interaction effects. Overall, it appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}