{
  "purpose": "This code implements a spaced repetition scheduling algorithm (FSRS) used for flashcard review systems, defining data structures and logic for scheduling reviews based on user ratings and card states.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters (e.g., card objects, timestamps) and internal variables such as 'now' (current date). It also accesses properties of card and scheduling objects.",
  "sinks": "No direct data sinks such as network requests, file system operations, or external systems are present. No code writes untrusted data externally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (cards, ratings, timestamps) through scheduling and state update functions, influencing scheduling calculations and review log creation, but there are no external data leaks or external command executions.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward, with standard class and function structures for scheduling logic. No hardcoded secrets or unusual code patterns are evident. No obfuscation or malicious constructs detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of an algorithm for spaced repetition scheduling (FSRS). It defines data structures for cards, review logs, and scheduling states. The logic involves updating card states, calculating intervals, and recording logs based on user ratings. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors. The code appears focused solely on scheduling logic, with no external system interactions or sensitive data handling beyond internal state management. The initial code segment is unminified, well-structured, and free of suspicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a legitimate spaced repetition algorithm with no signs of malicious activity. It handles internal data structures and scheduling calculations securely and without external communications. The code appears safe and solely focused on the intended scheduling functionality.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}