{
  "purpose": "This code manages WebRTC peer-to-peer connections, including negotiation, signaling, and ICE candidate handling.",
  "sources": "Input sources include connection parameters, SDP descriptions, ICE candidates received from signaling, and options provided to start connections.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include signaling messages sent via the provider socket (OFFER, ANSWER, CANDIDATE), which could be exploited if manipulated, but no direct malicious sink is present.",
  "flows": "Input data (SDP, ICE candidates) flows from signaling to WebRTC API (setRemoteDescription, addIceCandidate), and signaling messages are sent over socket. The code creates peer connections, exchanges offers/answers, and manages ICE candidates.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation are present. The code follows standard WebRTC connection patterns. There is commented-out code that indicates handling of multiplexing which is not active. No unusual dynamic code execution, external data leaks, or suspicious network activity is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes and manages WebRTC peer connections, including creating peer connection objects, setting up event listeners for ICE candidates, negotiation needed, data channels, and media streams. It handles SDP offers/answers and ICE candidates via signaling. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious network communications, or malicious behaviors are detected. The signaling traffic is sent over sockets, which is standard for WebRTC. The code appears to be a typical WebRTC negotiation module without any hidden or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a standard WebRTC peer connection manager, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs expected operations for establishing peer connections, handling signaling, and ICE candidates. No malware or malicious intent is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}