{
  "purpose": "A-Frame component for embedding and controlling multiple videos within a 3D scene, enabling video playback, pausing, and stopping with custom configurations.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from the component schema ('src', 'time', 'duration', 'volume', 'autoplay') and DOM element with ID matching 'src'.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates HTMLVideoElement for playback control, and updates WebGL textures with video frames for rendering.",
  "flows": "Source data (schema, DOM video element) flows into video setup and control functions. Video 'ontimeupdate' event triggers time tracking. Video element's 'readyState' and 'duration' are used to set video length properties.",
  "anomalies": "Cloning of the video element could cause multiple instances, but is standard. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious external network calls observed. The code's only external interaction is with DOM elements and WebGL textures. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present. The interval-based check for video readiness is benign. No malicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The script registers a custom A-Frame component for multi-video playback, handling video initialization, event attachment, and playback controls. It clones existing video DOM elements for independent control and uses Three.js for rendering. The code manages video time, length, and playback based on component data. No external network requests, no credential handling, and no suspicious logic are present. The code appears well-structured, with no anomalies indicating malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a multi-video A-Frame component for web-based 3D scenes. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It primarily interacts with DOM elements, WebGL, and scene entities for video playback. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}