{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions to perform HTTP/HTTPS GET and POST requests, check server availability, and retrieve or send data related to a specific API ('/wiser/api') endpoints, likely for monitoring or configuration purposes.",
  "sources": "Input sources include the 'config' objects passed to getJSON, postJSON, and isServerAvailable functions, which contain hostname, port, tlsEnabled, and other request parameters. The 'connector' objects provide methods to get hostname, port, and TLS status, acting as dynamic input sources.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include the HTTP/HTTPS request methods where data can be sent over the network, specifically in postJSON where data is written via req.write(payload). The responses are processed for JSON parsing or status code checks, but do not appear to leak data directly.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (config, connector methods) into request configurations, then through network requests, with responses handled and parsed or status codes returned. No evident untrusted data flow from user input or external sources directly into sinks without validation.",
  "anomalies": "Code is straightforward, using standard HTTP/HTTPS modules. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code structures are detected. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation. The only minor point is the use of string literals for paths and error messages, which is standard. No use of environment variables or sensitive data is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines network request functions with standard patterns, employing Promise-based asynchronous operations. It correctly distinguishes between HTTPS and HTTP based on configuration, sets timeouts, and handles errors appropriately. The server check function interprets response status codes to determine availability. The functions for retrieving and creating zones or reports simply wrap the HTTP request logic. No dynamic code execution, external data manipulation, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. Overall, the code appears to be a conventional API client with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API client implementation for specific endpoints with no signs of malicious behavior or security issues. It does not contain obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious network activity. The logic is straightforward, focusing on network communication for monitoring or configuration tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}