{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for performing HTTP/HTTPS GET and POST requests, checking server availability, and retrieving specific API data related to zones and reports from a specified connector.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from the 'config' object passed to getJSON and postJSON functions, and from the 'connector' object in functions like isServerAvailable, getPassiveTagReport, getArena, getZones, and createZone.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can flow into the request configurations, such as hostname, port, and request headers. Data received from server responses (JSON payloads) are parsed and returned. No direct sink for executing untrusted code is present, but data received can potentially leak sensitive server info if misused.",
  "flows": "The configuration data from input sources (connectors and function parameters) flows into request setup. Responses from server are parsed and returned or cause rejections. The flow from untrusted input to server request is typical; no suspicious flow patterns detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code uses standard Node.js http/https modules with straightforward request handling. No obfuscated code, unusual language features, or dynamic code execution detected. Error handling is standard. No indication of malicious code or data leaks. No unusual or suspicious behavior observed.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly performs network requests to specified endpoints, with configuration supplied at runtime. All request URLs and data are driven by input parameters, with no hardcoded malicious endpoints or payloads. No data is sent to external unknown domains beyond what the connector specifies. No suspicious code patterns, such as dynamic eval or code injection. The functions handle responses and timeouts securely, without evident vulnerabilities. The overall structure suggests a standard API client implementation with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard network utility module for interacting with specific server APIs. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data exfiltration. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code appears safe based on the provided fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}