{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for cleaning text documents, generating n-grams, calculating n-gram frequencies, and deriving probabilities for classification purposes, likely in natural language processing tasks such as sentiment analysis or spam detection.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from parameters 'document' and 'documents', which are text strings or arrays of strings that are processed by functions like 'cleanDocument' and 'getNgrams'.",
  "sinks": "Processed n-gram data and probability calculations are returned; no direct sink of untrusted data to external systems or network operations observed.",
  "flows": "Input strings are cleaned, split into words, n-grams are generated, frequencies are computed, and probabilities are derived based on the frequency data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code is straightforward and focused on text processing. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or suspicious network calls. No obfuscation present. The functions rely solely on string manipulation and array operations.",
  "analysis": "The code processes textual data for NLP tasks, cleaning documents by removing punctuation and normalizing spaces, then generating n-grams and calculating their frequencies and probabilities. It does not perform any network activity, file operations, or access environment variables. The logic appears standard and secure for its intended purpose. No signs of malicious behavior, data leakage, or security risks are present. The code is well-structured, with no suspicious anomalies or obfuscation. Since it handles only in-memory data and calculations, it poses no immediate security threat.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard text processing module for NLP tasks with no malicious intent or security risks. It is safe for use in its intended context, focusing solely on in-memory text analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}