{
  "purpose": "The code processes text documents to clean text, generate n-grams, and calculate their frequencies and probabilities, potentially for text analysis or classification tasks.",
  "sources": "The code reads input documents via function parameters and processes them directly; no external input sources are directly accessed.",
  "sinks": "No data is written to external sources, sent over network, or stored insecurely; the code only returns data structures within the application.",
  "flows": "Input documents are cleaned and split into n-grams; frequencies and probabilities are computed from these n-grams, with no external data leakage or network transmission.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward, with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious operations. No obfuscated code, misleading variable names, or unnecessary dynamic execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for text cleaning, n-gram generation, frequency calculation, and probability estimation. The cleaning process removes punctuation and normalizes whitespace, which is typical in NLP preprocessing. N-grams are generated based on specified word counts, and frequency counts are accumulated across multiple documents. Probabilities are computed for Bayesian and general models based on these frequencies. All operations are standard and consistent with text analysis tasks. No external network calls, file I/O, or suspicious behavior is evident. The code does not process environment variables, system data, or perform any potentially harmful operations. It operates solely on provided text data.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard text preprocessing and statistical calculations for n-grams without any signs of malicious intent. There are no suspicious behaviors, backdoors, or malware characteristics present. The functions are typical for natural language processing workflows, with no security risks or malicious activity detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}