{
  "purpose": "The code provides React components to generate SVG-based squircle shapes and masks, primarily for UI styling purposes such as masking images or creating rounded shapes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from component props (e.g., image, width, height, radius parameters). It also uses hooks like useMeasure to read DOM element dimensions.",
  "sinks": "The main sinks involve rendering SVG elements, creating data URIs for mask images, and applying CSS mask properties to DOM elements.",
  "flows": "Input props (e.g., image data, dimensions, parameters) are used to generate SVG paths and data URIs, which are then injected into style properties (maskImage, WebkitMaskImage). These flows seem to be confined within component rendering logic.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically creates SVG masks and applies them via CSS, but it does not process or evaluate untrusted input in a manner that could lead to injection. Usage of renderToStaticMarkup and svgToMiniDataURI is standard for static SVG rendering. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. No suspicious network activity, external calls, or hidden code behaviors are detected. No obfuscated code or malicious logic is observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines React components to create and apply SVG-based masks and shapes. It uses standard libraries (react, react-dom/server, react-use-measure, mini-svg-data-uri) for rendering and URI creation. The functions generate SVG path data for squircles, a type of shape, and embed this data into CSS mask properties. The code does not perform any network requests, data exfiltration, or malicious operations. The SVG data URI generation is safe and based on static SVG rendering. There are no anomalies such as hidden code, obfuscated parts, or suspicious logic. The components are self-contained, and the data flow is straightforward, confined to rendering SVG masks.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of React components for generating SVG shapes and applying masks. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. The code is clean, well-structured, and does not contain any suspicious or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}