{
  "purpose": "This code provides React components to generate squircle SVG shapes with mask support, primarily for visual UI purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from React component props, including 'image', 'width', 'height', 'r1', 'r2', 'p1', 'p2', 'c'. Data is read when the component renders or updates.",
  "sinks": "The code generates SVG markup and converts it to Data URIs, which are used in CSS mask-image properties. Data URIs are embedded in style attributes for masking SVG shapes.",
  "flows": "Input props are processed to create SVG path data. SVG markup is rendered to static markup, converted to a Data URI, then used in style properties for masking. No external network or file operations occur.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for SVG shape creation and React component structure. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. No obfuscation or malicious code patterns present. The only potentially notable behavior is the conversion of SVG to Data URI for masking, which is typical for visual effects.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for object property handling and creates React components (Mask, Squircle, SquircleMask) to generate and display SVG shapes with masking capabilities. The 'svgToMiniDataURI' function is used to convert SVG markup into a Data URI for CSS masking. The 'renderToStaticMarkup' function renders React SVG elements to static string markup. No network calls, data leaks, or system modifications are present. The code is straightforward and intended for UI rendering, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate React component implementation for SVG masking shapes. It uses standard libraries and techniques, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. The code focuses on visual rendering without external data leaks or malicious side-effects.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}