{
  "purpose": "Establishes a WebSocket server for git and file operations, handling commands and responses.",
  "sources": "Socket input data, environment variables (LOGNAME, USER), external modules for git, file, port management.",
  "sinks": "Socket emitters ('exec-response', 'response-to-terminal'), shelljs commands (notably 'shelljs.exit(1)').",
  "flows": "Socket events ('exec', 'exec-with-ack') invoke commandHandler, which calls external modules; responses sent back via socket.emit.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'shelljs.exit(1)' upon socket disconnect, which terminates the process unexpectedly; no input validation shown for commands executed.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a WebSocket server for remote git/file management, delegating core logic to external modules. No malicious payloads or obfuscation are present. The main operational concern is the use of 'shelljs.exit(1)' on disconnect, which can cause abrupt termination. The commands executed depend on external modules, whose security and input validation are unknown. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. The code's behavior aligns with a management tool rather than malware. Risks are primarily operational (service disruption) rather than security breaches. The absence of input sanitization or validation mechanisms increases the potential for command injection if external modules are insecure, but no direct evidence of malicious activity is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a remote management interface with no signs of malware or obfuscation. The primary risks involve process termination and potential command injection if external modules are insecure. The malware score is 0, and the obfuscated score is 0. The security risk score is moderate (~0.3), reflecting operational risks rather than malicious intent. Overall, the code appears benign but should be reviewed for input validation and safer shutdown procedures.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}