{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript class QueryService that provides various map querying functionalities such as bounds, distance, SQL, and geometry queries. It acts as a client-side wrapper around server-side map services, facilitating communication with spatial data servers.",
  "sources": "Input parameters to methods (params), particularly query parameters such as bounds, geometry, SQL, distance, and other query options. These are processed via the _processParams function.",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly write or transmit untrusted data to external systems, but it interfaces with server APIs through the _queryService methods. There are no evident sinks that leak data or execute untrusted code directly within this code snippet.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are received into query methods, processed by _processParams, then passed to the underlying _queryService methods which send requests to server endpoints. The results are returned as promises or via callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are observed. The code appears standard for a client-side service wrapper. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code is present. The use of external libraries appears appropriate and standard for spatial data handling.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical client-side class that wraps spatial query functionalities. It processes input parameters to ensure they conform to expected types and formats, such as converting bounds and geometries to internal representations. There are no signs of malicious behavior, hidden backdoors, or suspicious data leaks. The _processParams function converts user input into server-compatible objects without executing or evaluating code, reducing risk. No hardcoded secrets, network calls to suspicious domains, or malicious payloads are present. The overall structure is consistent with legitimate map query services.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured client-side service wrapper for spatial data queries. It processes parameters securely, avoids suspicious code patterns, and interacts with external services in a standard manner. There is no evidence of malware, malicious intent, or security risks within this snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}