{
  "purpose": "The code implements a client-side JavaScript class 'QueryService' for interacting with a map server, providing methods for spatial and attribute queries such as bounds, distance, SQL, and geometry-based queries.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters for query methods, including 'params' objects that may contain bounds, geometry, query parameters, and callback functions.",
  "sinks": "Sends HTTP requests to a map service via the '_queryService' methods, which likely perform network communication. No direct data leaks or injections are evident in the code itself.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are processed in '_processParams' which converts various input types into standard formats, then passed to network request functions in '_queryService'. The network layer (not included) handles actual data transmission.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns. The code correctly validates and converts input types; no hardcoded secrets or unusual behavior detected. Usage of external libraries appears appropriate, with no obfuscated code or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs parameter normalization and forwarding to an underlying query service. It processes bounds and geometry inputs from maplibregl types, ensuring they are converted to expected internal types. The logic appears standard and safe. No code injection, data leakage, or backdoors are evident. External dependencies are typical for map applications. No suspicious or malicious behaviors are present. The code is well-structured, with clear purpose and proper handling of input data.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a map query service wrapper with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It mainly focuses on input validation and data format conversion before making network requests. There are no indications of malicious code, backdoors, or supply chain attacks in this snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}