{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Mithril.js plugin for rendering a rating component with customizable options and labels.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'attrs' property (oninit method), including 'field', 'props', 'iv', 'onchange', and 'options'. It also uses 'Math.random()' for generating a unique ID and reads configuration data from 'field' and 'props'.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs HTML elements with dynamic attributes and event handlers. The 'onclick' handlers invoke a callback 'd' with the selected rating value, which could potentially be untrusted if provided externally.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'attrs' and 'props' flows into rendering logic. User interactions (clicks) trigger the 'onclick' callback with rating values. The code generates IDs and dynamic content based on input data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The use of 'Math.random()' for ID generation is benign in this context. The code does not perform network requests, file operations, or access environment variables. The code appears to be a straightforward UI component with no obfuscated or suspicious code. No suspicious logic or backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a UI component for rendering ratings with options and labels. It initializes state based on input attributes, generates a unique ID with 'Math.random()', and creates a series of radio inputs with event handlers. The logic for computing the maximum label length and options is standard. The event handler simply calls the provided 'd' callback with the selected rating. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or network activity. The use of dynamic IDs and event handlers is typical for such components.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard Mithril.js rating plugin without malicious intent. It does not contain malware, suspicious network activity, or hidden backdoors. It only renders a rating input UI and calls a callback upon user interaction.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}