{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define a React-based semi-circle progress component, likely intended for rendering animated progress indicators with customizable colors and sizes.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration parameters such as position, radius, stroke colors, widths, and percentages, mainly from function arguments and object properties. It also references DOM elements for gradient definitions.",
  "sinks": "The code creates SVG elements and linear gradients, which are generally safe. No network calls, file operations, or system modifications are present. No untrusted data handling or data leaks are detected.",
  "flows": "Configuration data flows from function parameters into SVG and gradient definitions; no untrusted external inputs are processed or transmitted. The flow is confined within the SVG rendering logic.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a large minified block with React internals, which might be a standard React library minified code. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious functions are evident. No obfuscated or misleading code patterns are identified.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a React component for rendering semi-circle progress indicators using SVG elements. It processes configuration parameters such as size, colors, and percentages to generate visual elements with gradient fills. The React internal code appears standard and minified. No network activity, system modifications, or suspicious behaviors are present. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are found. Overall, the code seems legitimate for its intended purpose, with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React component for rendering semi-circle progress bars with customizable options. It contains no malicious behaviors, no suspicious network or system interactions, and appears to be standard open-source code. The minified React internals are typical and not suspicious. Overall, it poses no security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}