{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Webpack plugin that modifies module resolution aliases for 'nervjs', 'react', and 'react-dom' to point to a custom file 'nervjs-hack.js'. Its purpose is to redirect these modules during the build process, likely for customization or patching.",
  "sources": "The code reads 'path' from the Node.js require system, and accesses 'compiler.options.resolve.alias' during Webpack hooks. Input data is static, derived from the build configuration and plugin parameters.",
  "sinks": "The alias modification affects module resolution at build time, influencing how modules are resolved and bundled. It does not directly process untrusted external data or cause data leaks.",
  "flows": "The code flow reads static module names, modifies the compiler's alias configuration during Webpack hooks ('watchRun' and 'run'), redirecting module resolution to a specific file 'nervjs-hack.js'.",
  "anomalies": "The code replaces core React modules with a custom 'nervjs-hack.js' file. This could be used to inject custom behavior, but on its own, it is a common practice for patching or patch management. No obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or malicious code constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward Webpack plugin that alters module resolution aliases for React-related modules. It hooks into Webpack's compilation lifecycle to replace standard React libraries with a custom file. The implementation is simple, uses standard APIs, and does not perform any network operations, data leaks, or code injection. It appears to be intended for custom patching or testing purposes. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious code. The logic is static and does not process untrusted input.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard Webpack plugin that modifies module resolution aliases, likely for customization. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. It’s a legitimate build-time modification that could be used for patching or development purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}