{
  "purpose": "Webpack plugin that overrides module resolution aliases for 'nervjs', 'react', and 'react-dom' to point to a local 'nervjs-hack.js' script during build.",
  "sources": "Build hooks ('watchRun' and 'run') reading the 'compiler' object and modifying 'compiler.options.resolve.alias'.",
  "sinks": "Potentially, the replaced modules ('nervjs', 'react', 'react-dom') could load malicious code if 'nervjs-hack.js' is harmful, leading to code execution or injection at runtime.",
  "flows": "During build, the plugin intercepts the build process, modifies 'resolve.alias' to redirect module imports, then proceeds with the build; the actual malicious activity depends on the content of 'nervjs-hack.js'.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or hidden secrets; the code is straightforward. The main anomaly is replacing core React modules with a custom script, which could be malicious if the script is harmful.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Webpack plugin that hooks into build lifecycle events ('watchRun' and 'run') to modify module resolution aliases. It does not contain obfuscated or malicious code itself. The primary security concern is the content of 'nervjs-hack.js', which is outside the scope of this snippet. The code's logic is simple and transparent, with no external inputs or network activity. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, securityRisk=0.1-0.3) are appropriate; the potential for malicious activity hinges on the external script. The overall risk is low but warrants caution if 'nervjs-hack.js' is malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign Webpack plugin that overrides module aliases for React-related modules. It does not contain malicious or obfuscated code itself. The main security concern depends on the content of 'nervjs-hack.js'. The current scores are appropriate; no adjustments are necessary. Continuous monitoring of the external script is recommended to ensure security.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}