{
  "purpose": "This script manages the download and installation of prebuilt binaries for a Node.js package, handling platform-specific binaries and configurations based on package.json and environment variables.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (npm_config_targets, npm_config_platforms, npm_config_arches), reads package.json files, and reads local files such as package.json, build files, and attempts to load configuration data.",
  "sinks": "File system operations (creating directories, copying files), reading package.json files, and network-related code (though commented out).",
  "flows": "Environment variables and package.json data influence the configuration; this data directs file system operations such as directory creation and copying prebuilt binaries. The code dynamically constructs platform-specific download and installation routines.",
  "anomalies": "Comments indicate potential network download code is commented out, which may suggest incomplete or intentionally disabled network activity. Use of 'rc' to read npm configuration is standard; no hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No suspicious code for system or data leaks is present. The code includes recursive attempts to read package.json with retries, which is typical. No obfuscated or misleading code features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard build and installation management tasks: reading configuration data, setting platform-specific options, and copying build files. No malicious behavior such as network exfiltration, data theft, or system compromise is observed. The commented-out network download code could have been used for malicious purposes, but it is disabled. File operations use 'ncp' and 'mkdirp', which are legitimate modules. The code does not handle sensitive data or secrets. Overall, the script appears to be a legitimate component for handling prebuilt binary installation, with no evident malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical setup script for handling prebuilt binaries based on platform and configuration. It contains no suspicious or malicious behavior, no network activity outside commented code, and no obfuscated or harmful code segments. Its security risk score is low, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}