{
  "purpose": "Manage download and installation of prebuilt binaries for different platforms and configurations, reading settings from package.json and environment variables.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (npm_config_targets, npm_config_platforms, npm_config_arches), package.json files, filesystem operations (fs.readFileSync, path.join), configuration via rc module.",
  "sinks": "Filesystem (creating directories, copying files), console logs, potentially network (via nugget, commented out).",
  "flows": "Configuration read from environment variables and package.json -> filesystem operations or network download (commented out).",
  "anomalies": "Presence of commented-out network download code using 'nugget', which could be malicious if re-enabled; recursive package.json reading with retries.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs setup tasks: reading configuration, creating directories, copying build files. The network download code is commented out, indicating inactive or incomplete functionality. No active network requests, data exfiltration, or code injection are present. The code uses standard modules and practices, with no obfuscation or malicious patterns. The commented network code poses a potential risk if reactivated, but currently, it is inert. The filesystem operations and configuration reading are typical and safe. The malware score is 0, as no malicious code is active. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is straightforward. The security risk score is low (~0.2), reflecting the inactive network code that could be exploited if re-enabled. Overall, the code appears benign, with the main concern being the commented-out network logic that warrants monitoring if reactivated.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard setup script for managing prebuilt binaries, with no active malicious behavior. The commented-out network download code could pose a future risk if re-enabled, but as-is, the code is safe. The scores of malware 0, obfuscated 0, and a low security risk (~0.2) are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}