{
  "purpose": "This code implements a 2D vector mathematics library, providing operations such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, rotation, and various vector properties. It is intended for performing vector calculations in graphics or physics contexts.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external input or data; all data is provided via method parameters and internal calculations. It imports 'massageVectorInput' from './inputScalar.js', which could be a utility function for input validation or normalization.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that send data outside the context of the library. The code does not perform network operations, file writes, or data leaks. It does perform mathematical calculations internally and returns vector objects or numeric results.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (vectors or numbers) through various static and instance methods that perform calculations, returning new vectors or scalar values. No external data flow outside of method parameters is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code is straightforward, well-structured, and consistent with mathematical vector operations. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are present. No suspicious external calls or data leaks are detected. No obfuscated code or misleading variables. The import statement could hint at input processing, but without further context, it appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class for 2D vector operations, including static methods for vector math and instance methods for object-oriented manipulation. The methods rely solely on standard mathematical functions and data processing. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or code injection. The import at the beginning could be a utility function for input validation, which is typical and not suspicious. All calculations appear legitimate and consistent with expected vector math. No anomalous or malicious patterns are present. Overall, this is a standard utility library for vector math, with no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured 2D vector utility library with no signs of malicious behavior. It performs mathematical operations relevant for graphics or physics calculations without any malicious side effects or external data leaks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}