{
  "purpose": "This code provides a collection of mathematical and geometric utility functions for vector operations, matrix transformations, and related calculations in 2D space. It is designed for use in graphics, physics, or geometric computations.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters, typically vector objects or scalar values passed to functions such as equals, norm, cross, dot, rotation, barycentricUV, and matrix functions. External dependencies include the required module './strings'.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could influence operations if vector inputs are derived from untrusted sources, but the functions themselves perform straightforward calculations. No code writes data to external sources or network connections.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external input parameters (vectors, scalars) into various functions that perform computations, returning new vector objects or modifying existing ones. There are no direct data flows to external systems or network actions.",
  "anomalies": "The code is a standard mathematical utility library with no evidence of suspicious or unusual code constructs. The functions are typical for vector math, matrix transformations, and related operations. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. All function definitions are straightforward, and there is no dynamic code execution or system interaction.",
  "analysis": "The module is a math utility library containing functions for vector operations (addition, subtraction, scalar multiplication, normalization, perpendicular vectors), matrix multiplication, barycentric coordinate calculations, and reflection operations. It relies on mathematical formulas and standard JS functions. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, code injection, network activity, or backdoors. The use of external module './strings' is for string handling and does not suggest malicious intent. No suspicious code patterns, such as obfuscation or hidden behaviors, are present. The code strictly adheres to mathematical functions typical in graphics or physics computations.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard mathematical utility library for 2D vector and matrix operations. It contains no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It appears safe for use in projects that require such mathematical computations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}