{
  "purpose": "This code implements a command-line interface (CLI) tool for managing blockchain wallets, including configuration, balance inquiry, address retrieval, UTXO splitting, and file storage operations on the blockchain. It also supports piping logs to the blockchain and reading stored files.",
  "sources": "CLI argument parsing via yargs, stdin data stream, database reads/writes, filesystem reads/writes, blockchain logger interactions, and network functions for broadcasting logs and transactions.",
  "sinks": "Blockchain logging functions (chainLogger.write, txLogger.log), filesystem write streams, database updates, and network calls for broadcasting logs and transactions.",
  "flows": "CLI input and arguments -> database and filesystem interactions -> blockchain logging and transaction broadcasting -> file upload/download streams -> stdin piping data -> database updates for log tracking.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or suspicious code patterns detected. Usage of standard libraries and straightforward logic. No hidden network domains or backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard CLI utility for blockchain wallet and file management, utilizing common libraries such as yargs, promise-fs, and stream buffers. It performs expected operations: setting configurations, retrieving balances and addresses, splitting UTXOs, uploading files, reading files, and piping logs. No suspicious secrets, obfuscation, or malicious code are present. Network interactions are typical for blockchain applications, involving log broadcasting and transaction submission. The code structure is clear, with no signs of backdoors or data exfiltration. The scores assigned (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2) are consistent with the code's behavior and potential operational risks.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate, transparent CLI tool for blockchain wallet and file operations. It shows no evidence of malware, backdoors, or malicious activity. The low risk score reflects typical operational exposure due to network and filesystem interactions but does not indicate vulnerabilities or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}