{
  "purpose": "Dynamically load a specific Yandex Maps module and set up map bounds, source, layer, and marker data for displaying a map focused on Moscow.",
  "sources": "The code reads the current URL to determine which script to load (`location.href.includes`), and fetches the script either from a local path or a CDN (`ymaps3.import.script`).",
  "sinks": "The code loads external scripts dynamically, which could potentially lead to executing malicious scripts if the source is compromised or manipulated. The fetch URL for map tiles points to OpenStreetMap, which is a trusted source.",
  "flows": "Input: URL check -> conditional script fetch -> script execution. Map tile URL fetches data from OpenStreetMap. No untrusted input flows into critical functions beyond URL-based script loading.",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic script loading based on URL content could be manipulated if the URL is controlled, but this is a common pattern. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns are evident. No obfuscation or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code disables a specific ESLint rule, then prepends a loader function to `ymaps3.import.loaders`. This loader checks if the package includes a specific string and conditionally loads a script from a local server or a CDN based on whether the current URL contains 'localhost'. The map setup defines geographical bounds, a source using OpenStreetMap tiles, a layer, and a marker, all of which are standard map configuration objects. No sensitive data, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. The dynamic script loading could be a vector if the URL is compromised, but as written, it fetches scripts from a controlled CDN or local server.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs legitimate map setup tasks with dynamic script loading based on URL conditions. There are no signs of malicious behavior or malware. The dynamic script loading poses a minimal risk if the URLs are controlled, which is typical for development and deployment environments.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}