{
  "purpose": "This code appears to import a module and perform basic mathematical operations (addition, subtraction, multiplication) with various inputs, primarily for demonstration or testing purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from function arguments passed to 'suma', 'resta', and 'multiplicacion' functions. The data is provided inline in the code as literals.",
  "sinks": "The functions called may process the input data. Potential sinks are the function implementations themselves, which could perform unsafe operations if they handle inputs insecurely or perform unsafe evaluations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the provided literals into the functions 'suma', 'resta', and 'multiplicacion'. These functions may process the data internally, but no external or untrusted sources are evident.",
  "anomalies": "Multiple calls with inconsistent or potentially invalid inputs, such as booleans ('true') and strings ('eeee', 'fhfjkdd'), suggest testing or misuse. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code is visible. No obfuscated code, no suspicious network calls, or hidden backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a local module and invokes several arithmetic functions with various arguments, including booleans and strings. These inputs could cause unexpected behavior if the functions are not properly implemented, but there is no evidence of malicious intent or malicious code within this snippet. The repeated calls and mixed input types suggest testing, but do not imply malicious activity. No external data sources or sinks that could leak data or perform harmful actions are visible. The code is straightforward and lacks any suspicious or obfuscated features.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not demonstrate malicious behavior. It appears to be a simple test or usage scenario for mathematical functions, with no signs of malware, data leakage, or sabotage. There are no concerning anomalies beyond inconsistent input types, which are not inherently malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}