{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a simple module import and function invocation for basic arithmetic operations (sum, subtract, multiply). It is likely part of a calculator or testing module.",
  "sources": "The only source of input is the arguments passed to the functions 'suma', 'resta', and 'multiplicacion'. These are directly supplied in the code or from user input (not shown here).",
  "sinks": "The code calls functions with potentially untrusted input. If these functions perform operations on the inputs without validation, there could be data leaks or unintended behavior. However, from this code snippet, no data is sent elsewhere or performs insecure actions directly.",
  "flows": "Input arguments are passed directly to arithmetic functions. If these functions handle data insecurely (not shown), there could be issues, but within this snippet, the flow is straightforward: input -> function call.",
  "anomalies": "Repeated calls to 'console.log' with the same parameters suggest testing or debugging. Passing 'true' and string inputs to arithmetic functions might cause type coercion or errors, but there's no evidence of malicious intent or obfuscated code. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a local module and performs several arithmetic operations with various input types, including boolean and string values. The repetitive logging indicates testing or verification. There are no signs of malicious code such as network activity, data exfiltration, backdoors, or code obfuscation. The input handling is minimal, and no external data sources or sinks are involved within this snippet. The code's security risk appears low, assuming the 'm' module handles inputs safely.",
  "conclusion": "This is a straightforward test code performing basic arithmetic functions with varied inputs. No malicious behavior, malware, or security threats are evident. The code may cause errors if the 'm' functions do not handle input validation, but no malicious intent is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}