{
  "purpose": "This code imports a module and performs various arithmetic operations (sum, subtraction, multiplication) with different inputs, likely for calculation or testing purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters passed directly in the code (e.g., arguments to suma, resta, multiplicacion functions).",
  "sinks": "Outputs are sent to console.log, which displays results, but no external data sinks are present. The code does not send data over network or write to files.",
  "flows": "Inputs from function arguments flow into arithmetic functions and then their results are printed to the console.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses boolean and string arguments for arithmetic functions, which may lead to unexpected behavior if not properly validated inside the module. The require('.') indicates local module import; potential concern depends on module content but cannot be assessed here. No obvious hardcoded secrets or malicious code detected. No obfuscated or suspicious constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a local module and calls its functions with a variety of inputs, including booleans and strings, which may be unconventional. The repeated sum function with identical arguments suggests testing or demonstration. The lack of input validation is a potential concern if the module's implementation does not handle unexpected types securely. However, no malicious code, data exfiltration, or malicious behavior is evident from this snippet. The code's structure is straightforward and lacks obfuscated or suspicious elements.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the provided code, there is no clear evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The code appears to be a simple test or demonstration of arithmetic functions with varying inputs. Without access to the module's internal implementation, no malicious intent can be confirmed or ruled out, but the code itself is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}