{
  "purpose": "Define command-line flags for configuring Directus authentication and operational modes, including environment variable integration.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (DIRECTUS_TOKEN, DIRECTUS_URL, DIRECTUS_EMAIL, DIRECTUS_PASSWORD, TEMPLATE_LOCATION, TEMPLATE_NAME); Command-line arguments via @oclif/core Flags.",
  "sinks": "Use of environment variables and command-line flags to store sensitive data such as tokens, passwords, and URLs.",
  "flows": "Environment variables and command-line flags provide input data that could be used for authentication or configuration. These values are intended to be used downstream in the application, possibly for API calls or other sensitive operations.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behaviors. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious logic present. Usage of environment variables for sensitive info is standard practice. The flags depend on certain other flags and are exclusive, which is typical for CLI configuration.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple command-line flags with @oclif/core, linking them to environment variables for flexible configuration. Flags such as directusToken, userEmail, userPassword, directusUrl, templateLocation, and templateName are configured with dependencies and exclusivity to prevent misconfiguration. There is no code executing untrusted input, nor any indication of malicious or suspicious behavior. The code does not perform any data processing, network operations, or other actions beyond defining flags. Usage of environment variables for sensitive data is common, but care must be taken in the larger application context to prevent leaks.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard configuration setup for CLI flags and environment variables, with no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. It appropriately manages dependencies and exclusivity among flags. There are no security risks or anomalies evident within this isolated snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}