{
  "purpose": "The code dynamically creates and manipulates DOM elements, applies various CSS classes, defines custom elements, and extends CSS with custom classes and keyframes for styling purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads data from DOM (e.g., attribute values), constants (STATES, QUERIES, STRING_SIZES), and external modules (#main/twcss.js, #main/utils.js, #main/queries.js). Uses the DOM API to create elements and set attributes.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM elements' attributes and innerHTML, registers custom elements, and injects CSS rules via extend() function. Potentially insecure use of innerHTML in custom elements' shadow DOM.",
  "flows": "DOM manipulation (createElement, setAttribute) → application of classes and innerHTML updates → custom element registration and creation → dynamic style extension → removal of elements. No evidence of untrusted data flow from external sources to sensitive sinks; data appears static or controlled.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. Usage of extend() with custom CSS classes and keyframes is benign. Use of innerHTML in shadow DOM could pose XSS risks if 'name' parameter is uncontrolled, but in this context, 'name' is passed internally and not user input. No suspicious network activity, data leaks, or backdoors observed.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily performs DOM creation, styling, and custom element registration, with no evident malicious behavior. The use of extend() to add CSS rules is for styling purposes. No external data fetching or network communication occurs. The innerHTML in shadow DOM is a controlled template, not user-generated content. Overall, the code appears to be for UI setup and styling without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, focused on DOM manipulation, styling, and custom elements without any signs of malicious behavior or security risks. No malware or malicious payloads are evident. It is safe based on this review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}