{
  "purpose": "A comprehensive 3D geometric and transformation library implementing vectors, matrices, points, and related operations for spatial computations.",
  "sources": "Input parameters such as vectors, matrices, points, and coordinates used in mathematical transformations and calculations.",
  "sinks": "No external data sources, network communication, or data exfiltration points identified; all operations are internal mathematical computations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through mathematical functions and class methods, resulting in transformed vectors, points, or matrices without external influence.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified or obfuscated, which is typical for production or distribution code but not indicative of malicious intent. No suspicious patterns, backdoors, hardcoded secrets, or external system access detected.",
  "analysis": "The code constitutes a standard set of classes and functions for 3D spatial transformations, including vectors, points, matrices, and their operations. The obfuscation appears to be due to minification rather than malicious concealment. No network activity, external data handling, or suspicious code patterns are present. The malware score is 0, as there is no evidence of malicious behavior. The obfuscation score is high (~0.7), consistent with minified code, not malicious obfuscation. The overall security risk is low (~0.2), given the absence of external communication or data leaks. The code's purpose aligns with common 3D graphics or modeling libraries, and no indicators suggest sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured 3D mathematics library used for spatial computations. Despite its dense/minified appearance, there are no signs of malicious activity, backdoors, or sabotage. The high obfuscation level is attributable to minification, not malicious intent. The security risk is minimal, and the malware score should remain at 0. The obfuscation score can be considered around 0.7 due to code density, and the overall risk score around 0.2. The reports' assessments are consistent and justified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}