{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a set of mathematical and geometric classes and functions, likely for 3D transformations, including vectors, points, matrices, and projections.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters, class constructors, and external libraries (ramda). It does not include external data sources such as network or file I/O.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include mathematical operations on input data, especially where untrusted input could influence calculations. However, there are no direct network, file, or environment variable interactions present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function inputs through mathematical operations and class methods, resulting in transformations or object creations. There are no indications of malicious data flows such as sending data over network or accessing system secrets.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscated code detected. Usage of mathematical computations is consistent with geometry processing. No unusual code patterns or dynamic code execution observed. No environmental variable or external system access is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily implements geometric and matrix transformation classes with standard mathematical operations. It uses the 'ramda' library for functional utilities. There is no evidence of code injection, system calls, or network activity. The absence of external data sources and sinks suggests no malicious data exfiltration. The code is well-structured and appears to serve a legitimate purpose related to 3D transformations. No malicious behavior or sabotage indicators are present.",
  "conclusion": "Based on the comprehensive review, the code appears to be a legitimate mathematical/geometric library with no signs of malicious intent. It performs standard transformations and computations relevant to graphics or 3D modeling. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}