{
  "purpose": "The code provides geometric calculations for drawing arrows, lines, and intersections between points, rectangles, and circles in a 2D space. It supports visual rendering of directed connections, such as in diagramming or graphical interfaces.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function parameters such as coordinates, dimensions, angles, and options. It does not read from external data sources, environment variables, or user input streams directly.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that perform calculations based on input parameters that could be untrusted, such as coordinate data, but these are purely mathematical and do not perform data output or external actions. There are no network requests, file writes, or system calls present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function inputs (coordinates, dimensions, options) through geometric calculations (angles, distances, intersections) to output arrays representing points and angles for rendering arrows or shapes.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns are present. The code is structured into modular geometric functions without embedded or hidden behaviors. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are found. No obfuscation, malicious code, or side effects are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises purely mathematical functions for geometry: calculating angles, distances, intersections, and rotations. It includes complex arrow and line calculations for graphical purposes. No code performs network requests, system modifications, or external data leaks. The code is well-structured, commented, and relies solely on mathematical operations. No dynamic code execution, eval, or code injection techniques are observed. The code appears to be an open-source library for drawing arrows and related shapes in 2D space, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a geometry utility library for rendering arrows and intersection points. It performs only mathematical calculations based on inputs, with no external side effects, network activity, or malicious behavior. There is no evidence of malware or sabotage. The code is safe and appropriate for use in visual rendering contexts.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}