{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for geometric calculations related to points, lines, circles, and rectangles, including functions for generating arrow graphics between points and boxes, likely for visualization or diagramming purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as coordinates, angles, and options objects provided to functions like getArrow and getBoxToBoxArrow.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that perform mathematical calculations that could be misused if fed malicious data, but no functions explicitly perform data leaks, network requests, or file operations. There are no code execution or eval-like functions present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into geometric calculations; for example, coordinates and options influence arrow point computations, but there are no dangerous data flows leading to security issues like injection or leaks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or backdoors. The code consists solely of geometric and trigonometric functions. No suspicious or unusual code patterns, no dynamic code execution, and no obfuscated code. The code is well-structured and predictable.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard geometric calculations such as rotation, distance, angle, and intersection computations using well-known mathematical formulas. Functions are modular and self-contained, focusing on geometric tasks relevant to drawing arrows and detecting overlaps. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or sabotage. The code does not connect to external domains, perform network requests, or manipulate system files. All calculations are based on input parameters, which could be manipulated maliciously, but the functions themselves do not perform unsafe operations. The code appears to be purely mathematical and visualization utility functions without any malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of geometric utility functions used for visualizing connections with arrows and lines, with no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. It is safe from supply chain attacks based on the given fragment. No malware or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}