{
  "purpose": "This code implements a comprehensive JavaScript SDK for interacting with blockchain routing, execution, streaming, and bridge status monitoring, utilizing external dependencies, API calls, WebSocket connections, and middleware for request handling.",
  "sources": "Inputs include API keys, user-provided parameters for blockchain transactions, API responses, WebSocket messages, and query parameters. Data is read from fetch responses, WebSocket events, function parameters, and environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include fetch API calls for REST and GraphQL queries, WebSocket send and receive, provider requests for blockchain transactions, and middleware for request modification. Sensitive data such as transaction hashes, addresses, and API keys are handled and possibly transmitted over network.",
  "flows": "Sources such as user parameters and API responses flow into network requests (fetch, WebSocket, provider requests). Middleware intercepts and possibly modifies requests and responses. Data from network responses and WebSocket streams flow into application state and UI. Critical paths include token approval checks, transaction execution, and status polling.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secret keys are present. External dependencies appear standard and are properly used. Middleware includes request logging and retry logic, which are normal. No obfuscated code or malicious dynamic execution detected. No evidence of data leakage, backdoors, or unauthorized network activity.",
  "analysis": "The code extensively uses external libraries for blockchain interaction, middleware for request handling, and WebSocket streams for real-time updates. It implements proper error handling, request interception, and response processing. No suspicious network destinations, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. Usage of environment variables for API keys is standard practice. Middleware for logging and retries is typical for debugging and resilience. The code does not contain any hidden or malicious behaviors outside normal SDK functions.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a legitimate SDK for blockchain operations with standard network and middleware patterns. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware signatures are detected. It follows typical security best practices and uses open-source dependencies appropriately. Overall, the risk level is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}