{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a React-based charting component, likely for rendering data visualizations such as line or area charts, with various configurable properties.",
  "sources": "Inputs come from the data array in props, environment variables (not explicitly shown), and potentially user interaction via mouse events on chart points.",
  "sinks": "Rendering functions output DOM elements, and there are references to dangerouslySetInnerHTML which could inject HTML, but controlled through string replacements. No network requests or data exfiltration are directly visible.",
  "flows": "Data is read from props (data array, configuration settings), processed within class methods to generate SVG and DOM elements, and displayed on the page. User interaction events trigger tooltip display functions, but do not process untrusted input directly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network connections are evident. Use of dangerouslySetInnerHTML is controlled via string replacements with formatted data, which is a standard pattern in chart tooltips. The code is minified but uses common React/JavaScript patterns; no obfuscation or suspicious dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component that renders interactive charts with labels, tooltips, and grid lines. It processes input data and configuration props, and outputs SVG and HTML elements. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as network connections, data theft, or hidden backdoors. The presence of dangerouslySetInnerHTML is controlled and used for rendering formatted date and value strings, which is common in charting components. The overall structure is standard for visualization libraries and does not exhibit suspicious anomalies or obfuscation. No hardcoded secrets or potentially malicious code are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical React charting component used for data visualization. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks based on the provided code. The implementation is standard, and no signs of malware or security threats are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}