{
  "purpose": "This code implements a RelationViewer component that visualizes nodes and links using D3.js, providing interactive features such as node dragging, link creation, and node detail viewing.",
  "sources": "Data sources are primarily the input parameters 't' (initial nodes and links) and 'e' (configuration options). It also reads DOM elements via 'document.querySelector(e.el)'.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulations for SVG elements, including creating paths, texts, and handling user interactions. Event handlers respond to mouse events, potentially affecting the DOM or triggering external functions.",
  "flows": "Input data (nodes and links) are deep-copied and used to generate force-directed graph layouts. User interactions (drag, click, mouseenter) modify visual states, potentially updating the graph or calling external callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or suspicious data leaks are present. The code is lengthy but appears to be standard D3.js visualization with interactive features. No signs of malicious code such as network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a visualization with force simulation, creates SVG elements for nodes, links, and labels, and binds event handlers for user interactions. It manages internal state and offers methods to add/delete nodes and links. The code structure and usage of D3.js are typical for such visualizations. No obfuscated code patterns, dynamic eval calls, or suspicious network activity are present. The data flows are confined within the graph structure and DOM manipulations. The overall logic appears focused solely on rendering and interaction handling.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard D3.js visualization component for nodes and links with interactive features. It does not contain malicious behavior or supply chain threats. No malicious intent or sabotage detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}