{
  "purpose": "To store a large dataset of geographical address points with associated labels, likely for mapping or spatial analysis purposes.",
  "sources": "The data source appears to be a hardcoded array 'addressPoints' embedded directly within the script, containing coordinate and address label information.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include any parts of the code that might process or transmit this data; however, in this snippet, no processing or transmission occurs. The dataset is static and not used as input for unsafe operations.",
  "flows": "No active data flows are demonstrated within this code snippet; it only defines a data array without any data manipulation, input, or output operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code consists solely of a large static array declaration with address points, which is unusual but not inherently suspicious. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or suspicious variable usage is present. There are no hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The data appears to be sourced from official LINZ datasets, indicating legitimate intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward declaration of a large array named 'addressPoints', containing multiple sub-arrays with latitude, longitude, and address label data. There are no functions, input/output operations, network requests, or dynamic code execution. It appears to be a static dataset, likely used elsewhere in the application for spatial mapping or geolocation display. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors are evident. The code does not contain obfuscation, unnecessary dynamic features, or misleading constructs. It is purely data storage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a static dataset declaration of address points from a legitimate source, with no malicious or suspicious activity detected. It is unlikely to pose security risks or be malicious in nature.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}