{
  "purpose": "This code defines a ServerlessBuilder class for constructing and managing a serverless service configuration, primarily for AWS deployment, with utility methods for adding API keys, functions, and custom properties.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from constructor parameter 'serverless', method parameters 'keys', 'functionName', 'functionConfig', 'prop', and 'value'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include modifications to 'this.serverless' object, especially 'provider', 'functions', and 'custom' properties, which could influence deployment configurations.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., 'keys', 'functionConfig') flows into 'this.serverless' object via methods 'addApiKeys' and 'addFunction'. These modifications could affect deployment behavior but do not involve executing untrusted code.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses 'sinon.stub()' for mocking logs, which is typical in testing environments. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. No obfuscated code or suspicious patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The class initializes a serverless configuration with default settings for AWS, allowing extensions via methods. It uses lodash's merge to combine configurations, and binds methods for function retrieval. The methods modify the configuration object safely, with no indication of malicious data handling or code execution. Usage of 'sinon.stub()' is appropriate for testing. No external data is fetched or executed, and no secrets or sensitive info are hardcoded. Overall, the code is straightforward, clean, and appears solely for configuration management.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard configuration utility for serverless deployments, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It handles configuration data safely without executing or transmitting sensitive information. No malware or security threats are identified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}