{
  "purpose": "This code implements a multi-server HTTP client for interacting with a cluster of servers, supporting retries, request cancellation, and synchronous/asynchronous operations.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration options, server URLs, request options, and environment variables such as 'RUNNING_UNIT_TESTS'. Uses input data from function parameters and environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Executes HTTP requests via 'request' module; can send data in requests and receive responses. Uses environment variables for controlling behavior.",
  "flows": "Input sources (parameters/env) influence request options; requests are executed via 'request'; responses and errors flow back through callback functions, with retry logic based on errors.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior observed. The code includes standard request retry logic and request cancellation. Use of 'deasync' for synchronous request execution is notable but not inherently malicious. No obfuscated code detected; code is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code is a multi-server HTTP client that manages retries and cancellations. It uses environment variables to control testing behavior. Request options are dynamically assembled from input parameters and defaults. The client performs server health checks and retries on specific errors, with exponential backoff. No suspicious or malicious logic such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors detected. The use of 'deasync' for synchronous requests could be misused in certain contexts but is a common pattern in Node.js applications. No signs of malware or malicious behavior present.",
  "conclusion": "This is a standard multi-server HTTP client implementation with retry and cancellation features. There are no indicators of malicious intent, malware, or security risks based on the provided code. The use of environment variables to modify behavior is typical. Overall, the code appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}