{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Vue.js component library, primarily for UI icons and menu components, exported as a Webpack bundle. It includes various icon assets and Vue components, styled and registered for use in a Vue application.",
  "sources": "Sources include imported SVG icon assets, external Vue modules, and component definitions within the code. The code reads component props, internal data, and slots for rendering UI elements. It also requires Vue core modules and utility functions.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include rendering functions that produce DOM elements with event handlers, props, and styles. No direct data outputs or external network communications are present within this code fragment.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props and internal state (e.g., icon name, size, open state) through computed properties to template render functions that generate DOM elements with styles and event handlers. User interactions (clicks, key events) modify internal states or emit events; no external data flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "There are no unusual or suspicious code patterns such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, backdoors, or malicious network activity. The code is primarily structured for UI component rendering. It includes standard component registration, event handling, and SVG asset usage without any hidden or suspicious logic.",
  "analysis": "A detailed review reveals that the code consists of Vue component definitions, icon assets, and utility functions. SVG assets are embedded directly in components for icon rendering. The code uses standard Vue patterns, such as props, computed properties, slots, and event emitters. No external network calls, code injections, or data leaks are evident. The component logic is straightforward, focusing on UI rendering and interaction. The code is not minified in a suspicious manner nor does it contain any obfuscated or encrypted segments. The structure is consistent with a UI icon and menu component library. Overall, there are no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a Vue.js component library for UI icons and menus, with no malicious behavior detected. It functions as intended for UI rendering, with standard patterns and no suspicious signals. It appears safe for use in production environments.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}