{
  "purpose": "This code defines various data structures and helper functions for encoding and decoding TLV-based data, likely for use in a larger application involving structured binary data processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through functions like Encoder.encode, decoder.decode, and from method parameters such as 'value', 'text', 'nni', and 'nniBig'. It also reads internal constants and imported modules.",
  "sinks": "The code encodes data to Uint8Array or strings, decodes data from various formats, and converts data to string representations. No direct data leak or untrusted data processing beyond encoding/decoding occurs within this snippet.",
  "flows": "Input data from method parameters (e.g., 'value', 'text', 'nni') is processed through encoding or decoding functions, with data flow mainly confined within data transformation functions. No external network or system interactions are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a straightforward definition of data structures and utility functions without unusual code constructs. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The use of 'Encoder.OmitEmpty' and the handling of Uint8Array is standard for binary data processing.",
  "analysis": "The code provides functions to handle TLV-encoded data, including wrapping, nesting, and type-specific encodings for boolean, integer, string, and byte array fields. It uses imported utilities for encoding (toUtf8) and for internal encoding schemes (NNI). The structure adheres to common patterns for structured binary data handling. No network operations, external data exfiltration, or suspicious logic are present. The code appears purely functional, focusing on data transformation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility definitions for handling structured TLV data with no signs of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It is standard for applications dealing with binary data formats and does not exhibit malware traits or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}