{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component called ImageMapper, which enables interactive image maps with various shape overlays and event handling for user interactions such as hover and click. It is intended for rendering and interacting with image areas on a webpage.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component props, specifically 'map' object with 'areas', 'src' for image URL, and event handlers like onClick, onMouseEnter, etc. It also accesses the image's dimensions and scaling factors.",
  "sinks": "The code potentially sends user interaction data via event handlers. It also manipulates the HTML5 Canvas to draw shapes based on the areas defined. No direct data leaks or network requests are initiated within this code.",
  "flows": "Input props such as 'map' and 'src' flow into rendering functions and drawing methods. User events (hover, click, move) trigger event handler calls. Image load initiates canvas rendering. Coordinates are scaled and used for drawing shapes and areas.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. The only dynamic elements are standard React props and event handlers. No obfuscated code, code injection, or hidden network activity detected. The minified library code appears standard, unrelated to malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The initial part includes third-party modules such as 'prop-types' and 'react-fast-compare', which are standard libraries. The core component 'ImageMapper' is a React class that manages drawing shapes on a canvas overlay over an image, with event handling for hover and click. The drawing functions ('drawrect', 'drawcircle', 'drawpoly') use the Canvas API appropriately. State updates and component lifecycle methods are standard. There are no suspicious network requests, eval statements, or dynamic code execution. The code relies on provided props and standard React practices. No signs of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or sabotage are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React component for interactive image mapping, utilizing standard libraries and safe drawing methods. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or sabotage. It appears to be a legitimate, functional UI component without hidden or harmful activities.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}