{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React-based image mapping component that allows interactive areas on an image, such as rectangles, circles, and polygons, with event handlers for mouse and click events.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from component props such as 'map', 'src', and user interactions like mouse events. It also reads environment variables in imported libraries but not in this code directly.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include event handlers that invoke user-provided functions and DOM manipulations like drawing on a canvas, which are typical in React components.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props into rendering functions, with user interactions triggering event handler callbacks. Image and map data are scaled and used to draw shapes on a canvas overlay. Event handlers may pass data back to parent components.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious domain connections, or hidden backdoors are present. The code appears to be a standard React component with common dependencies. No evidence of obfuscation or dynamic code execution. Imported libraries are standard and do not exhibit malicious patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component named ImageMapper for creating interactive image maps. It utilizes standard libraries such as 'prop-types' and 'react-fast-compare' for type checking and deep comparison. The code manages canvas drawing for shapes like rectangles, circles, and polygons based on provided map data, and handles mouse events to trigger user callbacks. It does not include network requests, system modifications, or data exfiltration logic. No hardcoded secrets or environment variable misuse are evident. The structure and imported dependencies are typical for a React image map component.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate React component intended for rendering interactive image maps. It contains no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. It relies on standard libraries and handles user interactions safely within the expected scope. Overall, the code appears benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}