{
  "purpose": "The code defines an API client for retrieving withdrawal history data from a system called CLAMM. It provides methods to request user-specific withdrawal records via HTTP GET requests with specified query parameters.",
  "sources": "User input parameters: 'chainId', 'user', 'first', 'skip', 'pool'. These are expected to be supplied when calling 'withdrawControllerGetHistory'.",
  "sinks": "HTTP request sent to '/clamm/withdraw/history' endpoint, potentially exposing data over the network. No direct data leakage or malicious data handling observed.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are validated for presence, then used to construct query parameters for the GET request. The response is processed to map JSON data into internal models.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, unusual code patterns, or hidden behaviors detected. The code appears to be a standard generated API client with no obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or suspicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The code is a generated API client class extending a base API class. It performs input validation for required parameters and constructs an HTTP GET request to fetch withdrawal history. The validation ensures required parameters are present, reducing risk of injection or malformed requests. The request is straightforward and uses standard request methods. No embedded or hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The use of enums for 'chainId', 'first', and 'skip' parameters is typical for controlled options and does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code is a typical, auto-generated API client without malicious or security-compromising behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "This code is an auto-generated, standard API client module with no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It simply facilitates communication with a backend API to retrieve withdrawal data. No malicious intent or vulnerabilities are evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}