{
  "purpose": "This code defines a class 'EffectNode' that manages various visual effects by creating specific effect nodes and connecting them within a flow-based system.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from 'props' and 'connections' parameters passed to the constructor and 'update' method. It also reads the 'arg' parameter to determine effect type.",
  "sinks": "The code constructs effect nodes with the 'VC' dependency and adds them to internal connections. No direct data sinks such as network or file output are evident in this snippet.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from constructor or 'update' method through 'props' and 'connections' into '_createNode', which creates effect nodes; then, '_addProps' and '_addConnections' process additional parameters, forming internal node connections.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, no suspicious dynamic code execution, and no obfuscated or minified code present. The logic appears straightforward, focusing on node creation and connection management. No signs of malicious backdoors or data leaks.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines a class for managing visual effect nodes, with clear functions for creating specific effect types based on input arguments. The effect nodes are instantiated with a dependency 'VC', which is imported at the top. The code handles properties and connections systematically, avoiding dangerous constructs such as eval or dynamic code execution. No network operations or file I/O are present that could indicate malicious activity. Overall, the code functions as part of a larger visual processing system without evident security issues.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard node management class for visual effects, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not handle sensitive data, perform network operations, or include suspicious code. The code appears safe based on this review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}