{
  "purpose": "This code implements a CSS prefixing and transformation processor to automatically add or remove vendor prefixes and handle CSS compatibility issues, primarily for grid, flexbox, and other CSS features.",
  "sources": "Data sources include CSS AST nodes such as at-rules, rules, declarations, and comments, as well as environment variables (e.g., process.env.AUTOPREFIXER_GRID).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of environment variables and comment-based control flow that influence processing logic, though no direct data leaks or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms are evident.",
  "flows": "Flow involves reading CSS AST nodes and environment variables to decide on prefixing/removing rules and properties, with no evidence of external data transmission or execution of untrusted input.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are found. Use of environment variables for configuration is standard. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected. All regex patterns and code logic serve CSS processing purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code performs CSS parsing, analysis, prefixing, and cleaning based on configuration options, environment variables, and CSS comments. It contains standard practices for CSS feature detection and conditional processing. No suspicious network calls, system modifications, or data theft mechanisms are present. The code leverages environment variables for configuration but does not execute arbitrary code or access system files. No obfuscated language features or misleading variables are used. The regex patterns are for CSS feature detection, not malicious matching. Overall, the code is a legitimate CSS processing tool with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a legitimate CSS prefixing and processing module used to ensure CSS compatibility across browsers. It does not contain malware, malicious backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. It uses environment variables for configuration but in a typical manner for such tools. The code appears secure and free of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}