{
  "purpose": "A CSS post-processing plugin that adds or removes vendor prefixes, issues warnings, and manages CSS features like grid and gradients based on environment variables and control comments.",
  "sources": "CSS AST nodes, comments, environment variables (e.g., process.env), parent nodes, and declaration values.",
  "sinks": "Modifications to CSS rules and declarations, warnings issued to the result object, and control comments affecting processing flow.",
  "flows": "Source data from CSS AST and environment variables influence processing decisions; control comments can disable processing; regex patterns detect outdated CSS syntax; environment variables influence feature support.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, network activity, or malicious patterns detected. Use of environment variables is standard configuration practice.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard CSS prefixer and feature checker, traversing CSS AST nodes, issuing warnings, and applying prefixes based on configuration. It respects control comments to disable processing and uses environment variables for feature toggling. Regex patterns detect outdated gradient syntax. No network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious code is present. The code is readable, well-structured, and performs expected tasks for a CSS processing tool. No obfuscation or malicious patterns are identified. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, risk=0.1-0.2, obfuscated=0) are consistent with the code's behavior and purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-understood CSS autoprefixer-like plugin with no malicious intent or security issues. It operates within expected parameters, with no signs of sabotage, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The environment variable usage is standard and does not introduce security risks. The assigned scores are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}