{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component for viewing office files, specifically handling different file types such as PPTX using a driver and fetch wrapper.",
  "sources": "Data is read from component props, including 'fileType' and other props passed to the Driver component. The fetch wrapper also reads configuration for network requests.",
  "sinks": "The code does not directly handle sensitive data or write to external systems, but the fetch wrapper could send data over the network if configured improperly.",
  "flows": "Input from props determines driver selection. The fetch wrapper potentially sends or receives data based on configuration. The Driver component receives props including file data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. The use of dynamic driver selection based on 'fileType' is standard. The fetch wrapper's implementation is not shown, so potential malicious use cannot be fully assessed, but it appears as a typical network request wrapper.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component that dynamically loads different viewers for office files based on file type. It uses a fetch wrapper to potentially load file data, which might be a concern if the fetch wrapper is malicious, but that cannot be determined from this snippet. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, hidden network connections, or backdoors. The code structure is standard for a React component handling file display. The fetch wrapper's configuration and behavior are external, so if it is malicious, it could pose a security risk, but based on this code alone, no malicious intent or malware is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a typical React component for viewing office files, with dynamic driver selection and a fetch wrapper for data loading. There are no obvious signs of malicious behavior or supply chain threats within this snippet. The primary concern would depend on the implementation of the fetch wrapper, which is not provided. Overall, the code is benign and does not contain malware or security risks based solely on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}