{
  "purpose": "The code handles server-side rendering, template/content loading, media streaming, and Azure storage interactions. It dynamically loads templates, content, static assets, and executes code via 'vm' from external sources, primarily Azure Blob storage or filesystem.",
  "sources": "Input data from HTTP requests, URL parameters, environment variables, filesystem reads, Azure Blob storage blobs.",
  "sinks": "Response streams, file streams, execution of external scripts via 'vm.createScript' and 'runInThisContext', appending scripts/styles to HTML.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external sources (Azure Blob storage or filesystem) into loaded templates/scripts, then into 'vm' for execution, and finally into HTTP responses.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'vm.createScript' to execute external code without sanitization or validation, loading scripts directly from storage and executing them dynamically, reliance on environment variables for credentials without validation, lack of input sanitization for URL parameters.",
  "analysis": "The code pattern involves loading templates, scripts, and content from external sources and executing code dynamically via 'vm.createScript' without sanitization, which is a significant security risk. The absence of validation or sanitization on external content and URL parameters increases the potential for injection or malicious code execution. The use of 'vm' to run external scripts is inherently dangerous if external content is compromised. No signs of active malware payloads such as exfiltration or backdoors are present, but the pattern itself is highly risky. The dynamic code execution pattern is consistent across multiple functions, notably in 'merge' where 'response.codebehind' scripts are run directly. Given these factors, the malware score should be high, reflecting the potential for malicious code execution, and the overall security risk should also be high. The code is not obfuscated, so obfuscated score remains 0.",
  "conclusion": "The primary security concern is the unsafe dynamic execution of external scripts via 'vm.createScript' without sanitization or validation, which could lead to remote code execution if external content is maliciously altered or uploaded. While no malicious payloads are confirmed, the pattern itself makes the code vulnerable to exploitation. The scores should be adjusted to reflect this high risk, with a malware score around 0.75 and a security risk score around 0.8. No signs of active malware are present, but the pattern is dangerous enough to warrant high scores. Mitigation should include avoiding execution of external code without validation, sanitizing inputs, and implementing sandboxing measures.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.75,
  "securityRisk": 0.8,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}