{
  "purpose": "This code fetches and processes NHL season schedule data from external sources and constructs schedule objects for different seasons, as well as retrieving team game lists and specific date information.",
  "sources": "Reads data from external HTTP requests to live.nhl.com, database queries (via global.halcyonSingleton), and local modules (Request, misc, Teams). It also reads environment/config data such as season parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include parsing data from external HTTP responses and database query results, which could be manipulated if the source is compromised. No direct data leaks or credential usage observed. No code injection points evident.",
  "flows": "External data sources (HTTP responses and database queries) serve as sources. Data is parsed and processed internally. Data flow mainly from external sources through JSON parsing and database queries, then used for schedule construction and returning schedule objects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. Use of global variables like 'global.halcyonSingleton' is notable but not inherently malicious. The code contains normal comments and standard patterns, no obfuscated or malicious language features. The request URL is hardcoded but expected for this context.",
  "analysis": "The code performs data fetching from nhl.com via HTTP GET requests, processes JSON data, and interacts with a database for season-specific game data. It constructs schedule arrays and objects, including handling for older seasons with a fallback function. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, malicious code injection, or backdoors. Usage of external modules and global variables appears standard. The only potential concern is reliance on external data sources and global singleton, but these are typical in such applications.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard implementation for fetching and processing NHL schedule data, with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It handles data securely, with no hardcoded secrets or suspicious code patterns. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}