{
  "purpose": "This is a static ESLint configuration file defining environment, globals, parser options, and rules for code linting. It does not contain executable code or data processing logic.",
  "sources": "Globals declared in the 'globals' section, such as 'db', 'http', 'config', 'window', etc., which are set as writable and could be read or modified at runtime.",
  "sinks": "There are no runtime sinks or data flows; the configuration does not process input or output data.",
  "flows": "No source-to-sink data flows exist in this static configuration.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of numerous writable global variables, including system-like globals ('window') and application-specific globals ('db', 'http', etc.), which could be misused if environment is compromised. No obfuscation or malicious code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a static ESLint configuration object with environment settings, global variable declarations, parser options, and linting rules. It does not execute or process data. The globals are extensive and marked as writable, which could pose security risks if manipulated at runtime, but this is typical in complex projects and not inherently malicious. No signs of obfuscation, malicious behavior, or code injection are present. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious intent. The obfuscated score is 0, given the straightforward nature of the code. The risk score is approximately 0.2, reflecting potential misuse of globals if environment security is compromised, but not an active threat within this static file.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign static ESLint configuration with no malicious or obfuscated content. The primary concern is the management of writable globals, which could be exploited if the environment is compromised. The assigned malware and obfuscated scores are 0, and the risk score of 0.2 is appropriate given the context.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}