{
  "purpose": "This code implements a calculator that evaluates mathematical expressions, supporting functions like Math operations, parentheses, and basic arithmetic, with some custom parsing logic.",
  "sources": "Input data is taken from the parameter 'fmStr' in 'fmFunc' and processed through multiple parsing and evaluation functions.",
  "sinks": "The code performs string replacements, eval-like calculations via function calls, and numerical operations that could be influenced by untrusted input if misused externally.",
  "flows": "Input 'fmStr' -> check and format expression -> process Math functions and parentheses -> evaluate with custom parser functions -> return final numeric result.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code does not perform network requests or system modifications. However, it evaluates expressions that could be manipulated if untrusted input is used improperly. No obfuscated or malicious code structures are present. The function 'fmFunc' handles strings with mathematical expressions and performs replacements, but it does not use 'eval' or similar dangerous constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive mathematical expression parser and evaluator with support for Math functions, parentheses, and basic operators. It performs syntax validation, handles parentheses with recursive evaluation, and supports function calls with parameters. No network requests, system modifications, or suspicious behaviors are present. It does not include malicious code such as data exfiltration, remote commands, or system access. The functions operate locally and securely, with controlled mathematical operations. The parsing logic is intricate but consistent with a calculator implementation. No signs of malware or malicious behavior are identified.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a secure, purpose-specific mathematical expression evaluator with no malicious intent or malicious behaviors detected. It processes user-provided formulas to compute results locally, following a structured parsing and evaluation approach. It does not exhibit any malware characteristics or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}