{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React component for displaying toast notifications with various alert types, handling auto-close and manual close behaviors, and visual effects like slide-in and slide-out animations.",
  "sources": "Data is read from component props such as 'duration', 'type', 'icon', 'headline', 'content', and event handlers like 'onClose'. It also reads environment variables like 'NODE_ENV'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'onClose' callback invocation, which could be exploited if maliciously overridden, but no direct security-sensitive actions are performed. The code does not perform network requests, system modifications, or data leaks.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props to internal state and methods controlling animations and auto-close timers. User interactions like mouse enter/leave influence timers. No untrusted data flows to external systems or insecure sinks.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses extensive Babel runtime polyfills, but these are standard transpilation artifacts. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated patterns, or suspicious imports are evident. Usage of environment variable 'NODE_ENV' is typical for development/production mode distinctions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component that manages toast notifications with configurable types and durations. It uses standard React lifecycle methods, timers, and event handling for display and dismissal. The use of utility functions (e.g., safeInvoke, pick) and environment checks are standard. Imports from Babel runtime are common for transpiled code. No network calls, data leaks, or malicious system manipulations are detected. No malicious behavior or backdoors are present. The code appears to be a typical implementation of UI notifications.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard React component for toast notifications with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It functions as a UI element, with well-structured logic for display and dismissal. No malware or security threats are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}