{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component 'Toast' used for displaying temporary notification messages with various types and durations, including loading indicators.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from component props such as 'duration', 'type', 'icon', 'manualClose', 'onClose', and internal state variables like 'slideIn' and 'slideOut'. It also reads environment variables and imported modules.",
  "sinks": "The code executes functions such as 'safeInvoke' (which calls 'onClose'), sets timeouts for automatic closing and animations, and uses imported libraries for class name construction and warnings. It does not appear to write to external systems or perform network operations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and internal state to the rendering logic and timeout functions; 'close' method triggers 'onClose' callback; duration-based timers manage component lifecycle. No external data leaks or untrusted data manipulations are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses numerous Babel polyfill imports, which are common for transpilation but could obscure code behavior. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are apparent. Warning messages are used for prop validation but do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a React notification component with configurable duration, type, and close behavior. It uses environment checks for warnings and manages internal timers for animations and auto-close. No external data exfiltration, network calls, or malicious code snippets are present. The use of Babel runtime helpers and polyfills is typical for transpiled code and does not imply obfuscation or malicious intent. The logic appears sound and focused solely on UI behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate React component designed for user notifications. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The code's structure and imported modules are standard and do not indicate sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}