{
  "purpose": "This code implements a force-directed graph visualization using the jQuery library and custom Springy classes for rendering and layout.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the 'params.graph' object, node data (label, image, font, color), and user interactions via mouse and window events.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data sinks include user interaction events (mousedown, dblclick, mousemove) that influence node selection and dragging, and image loading via setting 'img.src'.",
  "flows": "User interactions (click, drag, double click) influence node selection and dragging; node data, including images and labels, are rendered on the canvas; image loading is handled asynchronously; event handlers may trigger node callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden code detected. The code appears to be a standard implementation of graph visualization with event handling and rendering. No external network communication or data exfiltration routines are present. Use of dynamically loaded images is standard for visual elements.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes a graph visualization with force-directed layout, handles user input for node interaction, manages dynamic image loading, and renders nodes and edges on an HTML5 canvas. It maintains internal state for node positions, selection, and dragging. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network exfiltration, data theft, or backdoors. All functionalities are related to visualization and user interaction, with no code indicating malicious intent. The code structure and logic are typical for such visualization libraries. The only potential concern is the dynamic image loading, but this is a common pattern for graphical applications and does not indicate malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard graph visualization utility that manages node layout, rendering, and user interaction. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It appears safe and solely intended for visual representation of graph data.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}