{
  "purpose": "This module provides various utility functions for generating random numbers, selecting random items, and generating points on or inside geometric shapes like circles and spheres. It is intended for use in simulations, graphics, or probabilistic computations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input primarily from Math.random() calls, parameters provided to functions, and object properties in randomObjectProperty().",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially influence functions that generate random numbers or select items, but no data is sent externally or written to sensitive locations. No external network, file system, or sensitive data leaks are present.",
  "flows": "Random functions (Math.random()) generate untrusted inputs that influence outputs such as boolean values, numeric ranges, colors, and geometric points. Data flows from Math.random() through various calculations to final return values.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard and well-structured with no unusual or obfuscated constructs. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. No eval, Function constructor, or dynamic code execution observed. Warnings or unusual behavior are minimal and related to parameter defaults.",
  "analysis": "The functions are typical random and geometric utilities using Math.random() for probabilistic outputs. They include boundary checks and parameter defaults. No code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior detected. The functions are straightforward, with no signs of covert channels, external communications, or hidden malicious logic. The use of Math.random() is standard for such utilities and does not suggest malicious intent. No suspicious object property access or other anomalies were observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign utility library for randomness and geometry with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It appears to be standard, open-source style code with no hidden malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}