{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to convert SVG elements into data URIs or PNG images, inline external resources such as images and fonts, manipulate CSS styles, and facilitate downloading the resulting images or SVGs. It is intended for exporting SVG graphics with embedded resources.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from DOM elements (SVG or HTML elements), CSS rules (via document.styleSheets), external font URLs, and image URLs within SVGs.",
  "sinks": "The code generates data URIs, Blob objects, and triggers downloads via dynamically created anchor elements or browser-specific APIs, which could potentially be misused if external URLs are maliciously injected.",
  "flows": "Input DOM elements are cloned; external resources (images, fonts) are fetched via XMLHttpRequest or Image objects; resources are embedded inline as data URIs; CSS rules are read and inlined; finally, the SVG is serialized, encoded, and provided as a data URI or PNG for download.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns are present. The code is straightforward, uses standard APIs, and does not obfuscate or hide behavior. External resource fetching is typical for such utilities.",
  "analysis": "The code performs resource inlining and SVG export functions common in client-side SVG tools. It fetches external fonts and images, encodes them inline, manipulates CSS, and triggers downloads. No signs of malicious activity, backdoors, or obfuscation are detected. The resource fetching could be exploited if external URLs are maliciously injected, but the code itself does not perform any malicious actions. The code is well-structured, with clear functions and standard practices. The risk primarily stems from external resource handling, which is inherent to the utility's purpose but does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate SVG export utility with resource inlining and download capabilities. It shows no signs of malware, obfuscation, or malicious behavior. The current security scores of malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0.2 are appropriate and consistent with the code's functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}