{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for converting SVG elements into PNG or data URIs, inlining images and fonts, and facilitating SVG downloads in various formats.",
  "sources": "It reads SVG elements, CSS rules, font URLs, image sources (from 'image' elements), and styleSheet rules via document.styleSheets.",
  "sinks": "It creates data URLs, blob objects, and triggers downloads, potentially exposing data via network requests or saving files locally.",
  "flows": "Input from SVG elements, styles, images, and font URLs flows into inlining and encoding functions, which generate data URIs or blobs that are then used in download functions or data URI outputs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code uses standard techniques for SVG processing and data URI conversion. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected. External font and image fetching are standard but could be misused if sources are malicious, though this is typical for such features.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive SVG processing utility, performing tasks like inlining images, fonts, inline CSS, and converting SVGs to data URIs or PNGs. It uses XMLHttpRequest for fetching external resources and converts them into embedded data URLs. The code includes functions for handling external font files, images, and CSS rules, and triggers downloads via anchor elements or Blob objects. There are no signs of malicious activity such as data theft, backdoors, or system disruption. It relies on standard web APIs and appears to be a legitimate library for SVG manipulation and export. The absence of obfuscated code, hidden network connections, or data exfiltration mechanisms suggests low risk of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard SVG utility library with no indications of malicious behavior. It is designed for SVG manipulation, exporting, and inlining resources. It does not contain malware or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms. Security risks are minimal and primarily related to external resource fetching, which is typical for such functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}