{
  "purpose": "This code implements a flexible inflate/decompression stream that auto-detects compression formats (zlib, gzip, raw) and dynamically chooses the appropriate decoding method. It serves as a drop-in replacement for standard zlib inflate functions, supporting automatic format detection and seamless data decompression.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input buffers provided to the '_processChunk', '_writeEarly', and public 'inflateAuto' or 'inflateAutoSync' functions. Internal detectors analyze chunks to identify data format.",
  "sinks": "Decompressed output data is pushed into the stream via 'format' instances, which emit 'data' events; the primary sink is the stream's internal buffer, eventually delivered to downstream consumers.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external buffers into '_processChunk' or '_writeEarly', where format detection occurs via detectors. Upon format detection, 'setFormat' initializes the decoder, and subsequent data is processed through the decoder's '_processChunk' or '_transform', eventually outputting decompressed data.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. The code includes standard zlib integration, format detection, and stream handling logic. No suspicious network connections, system modifications, or hidden behaviors are present. Use of internal zlib base classes and dynamic format detection could be misinterpreted as obfuscation but are legitimate implementations. No suspicious or unnecessary dynamic code evaluation is present.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a flexible, format-agnostic decompression stream with automatic detection capabilities. It relies on standard Node.js modules ('stream', 'zlib', 'util') and custom error types for robust error handling. Detectors analyze initial data chunks to identify compression formats. The '_detectFormat' method efficiently manages source-to-sink flow by determining format and configuring decoders accordingly. No evidence of malicious behavior, data leaks, or covert activities is observed. The code maintains security best practices, avoiding unsafe evals, external network calls, or credential handling. The use of internal zlib classes and dynamic behavior is consistent with legitimate stream processing. Overall, this appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation of an auto-detecting decompression stream.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, standard implementation of an auto-format decompression stream with robust format detection. No malicious or sabotage behavior is detected. It operates within expected parameters for decompressing data streams and employs standard Node.js practices without hidden or suspicious actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}