{
  "purpose": "The code implements an event tracking utility that allows registering, deregistering, and emitting event callbacks, with an auto method to temporarily track an event during the execution of a specific function.",
  "sources": "Inputs are function parameters for startTracking, stopTracking, emit, and auto methods (event names, callback functions, innerFunction). No external data sources are read.",
  "sinks": "The emit method calls callback functions with provided arguments. If callbacks are malicious, they could perform unintended actions. No other external sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Event names and callback functions flow into startTracking, stopTracking, and emit. The emit method calls registered callbacks, which could contain malicious code. The auto method manages temporary registration around an inner function execution.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, obfuscated code, or hardcoded secrets detected. The code appears straightforward. No unusual dynamic code execution or external network activity. The only potential concern is that callback functions could be malicious if supplied by untrusted sources.",
  "analysis": "The code provides an event handling system with methods to add, remove, and emit event callbacks. It correctly manages callback registration and deregistration, including an auto method for temporary event tracking. No external data sources or sinks are present beyond invoking callback functions. The design is simple and standard. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The only risk stems from callbacks being supplied from untrusted sources, which could perform malicious actions when invoked, but this is typical for event systems and not indicative of malicious code itself.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard event tracking utility with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It could be exploited if malicious callbacks are registered, but this is a common risk in event-driven systems. Overall, the code appears safe and not obfuscated.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}