{
  "purpose": "A utility class for managing event callbacks, allowing registration, deregistration, emission, and temporary tracking of callbacks for specific events.",
  "sources": "Registration of callbacks via startTracking; deregistration via stopTracking; invocation of callbacks via emit; temporary registration via auto.",
  "sinks": "Invocation of callbacks through callback.apply(this, args) during emit; no external data sources or sinks are directly involved.",
  "flows": "Callbacks registered with startTracking are invoked during emit; auto registers, executes innerFunction, then deregisters callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious code patterns. The only potential anomaly is the execution of external callbacks, which is standard in event systems.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard event callback management pattern with methods to add, remove, emit, and temporarily track callbacks. It uses typical JavaScript practices without obfuscation or malicious code. Callbacks are invoked with apply, which could execute malicious code if callbacks are malicious, but this is inherent to callback systems and not a flaw. No network, file, or system commands are present. The code is straightforward and well-structured. The main security consideration is that untrusted callbacks could perform malicious actions when invoked, but this is outside the code's scope. The code does not contain any suspicious or malicious logic, nor obfuscation. The risk mainly stems from how the callbacks are supplied, not from the code itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard event callback management utility with no malicious or obfuscated elements. The potential security risk is limited to the execution of untrusted callbacks, which is typical in such systems. All reports correctly identify the absence of malicious behavior and assign appropriate low malware and obfuscation scores. The overall security risk score should remain low (~0.1-0.2), reflecting the inherent risk of executing external callbacks, but not a flaw in the code. Therefore, the code is safe, and the scores are consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}