{
  "purpose": "The code defines an Angular component wrapper for the 'nouislider' JavaScript library, enabling its use within Angular applications as a form control with event emitters for various slider events.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration inputs such as behaviour, connect, limit, min, max, snap, animate, range, step, format, pageSteps, config, ngModel, keyboard, onKeydown, formControl, and tooltips. It also accesses DOM elements for slider setup and handles user interactions via event listeners.",
  "sinks": "Event emitters for change, update, slide, set, start, end; DOM manipulations for setting 'disabled' attribute; slider.set() method for updating slider values.",
  "flows": "Input configurations are used to initialize the slider. User interactions trigger event handlers that emit events or update the slider value via slider.set(). The component responds to changes in inputs to update slider options and propagates value changes through event emitters and control value accessor methods.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors detected. The code appears standard for integrating an external JS library within Angular. No unusual dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured Angular component designed to wrap the 'nouislider' library. It includes typical event handling, configuration parsing, and DOM interactions. The eventHandler function processes slider value changes and emits corresponding events, following best practices for Angular components. No evidence of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoor logic. The code does not include any obfuscated, minified, or suspicious code patterns outside standard minification artifacts. All inputs and outputs are clearly defined, and there is no indication of malicious activity or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate Angular wrapper for 'nouislider' with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It functions as a UI component to enable slider functionality with proper event handling. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or security violations are evident based on the code provided.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}