{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define mathematical and transformation utilities for 3D graphics or coordinate manipulations, including matrix operations, vector calculations, and camera projection setups.",
  "sources": "Data is primarily read from imported functions and internal mathematical calculations. No explicit input sources such as network requests, environment variables, or user inputs are visible.",
  "sinks": "Outputs are calculations and transformations returned by functions. There are no evident data leaks or external network transmissions in the code itself.",
  "flows": "Mathematical computations flow from source functions (imported or internal data) through transformation functions, producing mathematical objects such as matrices, vectors, and points.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily focused on mathematical operations with complex classes and functions. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are observed. The code uses advanced math but no suspicious side effects or hidden data exfiltration mechanisms are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple classes and functions for handling 3D transformations, vector math, matrix operations, and camera projections. It heavily relies on mathematical formulas and object-oriented design for 3D graphics computations. There are no signs of malicious code such as network requests, data exfiltration, or system sabotage. The functions are mathematical and do not process user input or environment variables. No obfuscated or minified suspicious code patterns are present. The import statements only include mathematical utilities from 'ramda', with no suspicious external inputs or outputs.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard mathematical library for 3D transformations and graphics computations. There are no indications of malicious behavior, data leakage, or sabotage. The complex calculations are typical for graphics or simulation purposes. Therefore, the overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}