{
  "purpose": "This code provides mathematical and geometric utility functions for 3D transformations, vectors, matrices, and camera projections, likely for 3D rendering or modeling purposes.",
  "sources": "Code reads input data from function parameters, class constructors, and imported modules (ramda functions). It processes vectors, matrices, and coordinates provided to functions and class methods.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks indicate data leaks or external network interactions. The code performs internal mathematical computations only, with no evidence of data exfiltration or network communication.",
  "flows": "Input data (vectors, matrices, parameters) are processed through various functions and class methods that perform transformations, calculations, and composition of geometric objects. No external data is fetched or sent during execution.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors observed. The code employs standard mathematical operations and well-known geometric transformation patterns. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes and functions for 3D point, vector, matrix, and transformation operations. It imports functions from 'ramda' but uses them in straightforward, transparent ways. Functions such as matrix multiplication, vector scaling, and coordinate transformations are implemented with standard algorithms. No suspicious or malicious logic, such as network calls, file access, or obfuscated behaviors, are present. The code appears to be a library for geometric computations, with no indicators of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "Based on thorough analysis, the code is a mathematical library for 3D geometric transformations and rendering. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. It appears legitimate and safe for use in 3D graphics or modeling applications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}