{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a mathematical and geometrical library related to 3D transformations, matrices, vectors, and coordinate manipulations, likely used for 3D rendering or spatial calculations.",
  "sources": "The code reads from imported modules (ramda functions), and defines multiple classes and functions that utilize input data such as transformation matrices, vectors, and coordinate arrays. No external untrusted input sources are directly evident.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that perform matrix and vector computations, and transformations. No explicit data leaks, network communication, or file operations are present in the code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into functions and class constructors, through mathematical operations, to outputs such as transformed matrices, vectors, and coordinate points. No external data flows to network or external systems are observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily focused on mathematical operations; no hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious code constructs are detected. It is minified and uses standard mathematical libraries and patterns; no obfuscated or misleading variable names are present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily implements mathematical objects such as matrices, vectors, and transformations, with methods for matrix multiplication, vector operations, and coordinate transformations. It uses standard practices for geometric computations without unusual logic. The structure is consistent, and no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors are evident. The code appears to be a well-structured, mathematical utility library for 3D space calculations. No malicious intent or malicious code patterns are detected within this fragment.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a mathematical and geometrical utility library for 3D transformations. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious data leaks, and no network activity. The complexity appears solely related to spatial mathematics. Therefore, it is safe based on this analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}