{
  "purpose": "This module provides functions for converting 'rpx' units to other CSS units like 'vw' or 'px', based on platform, and includes utility functions for caching and setting configurations related to unit conversion.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters such as strings representing CSS units, platform configuration functions, and global variables like __rpx_coefficient__ and __viewport_width__.",
  "sinks": "The primary sinks are string replacement functions (like calcRpx) that modify CSS values, and functions that set or get configuration variables. No direct data leaks or system modifications are present.",
  "flows": "Input strings containing 'rpx' are checked and potentially transformed via calcRpx, which replaces 'rpx' with 'vw' or 'px' units based on platform. Configuration functions (setRpx, setViewportWidth) modify global variables affecting behavior.",
  "anomalies": "Code contains only functions for unit conversion and configuration; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior detected. The regex accurately captures numeric rpx values without obfuscation. No external network activity or data exfiltration present. The 'cached' function implements caching with a custom map, which is standard. No obfuscated code, unnecessary dynamic eval, or misleading variables found.",
  "analysis": "The code's purpose is to handle unit conversions between rpx and other units depending on platform context, with configurable parameters. Functions like calcRpx perform string replacements based on platform, with clear, legitimate purposes. The code uses regex safely, and no dynamic code execution or external data access exists. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling are detected. The only potential concern might be if global variables are maliciously manipulated externally, but within this code, no malicious intent is evident.",
  "conclusion": "This code performs legitimate unit conversions for CSS values, with no signs of malicious or sabotage behavior. It manages configuration settings and provides utility functions in a transparent manner. There are no malware indicators or security risks in this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}