{
  "purpose": "This code generates animated confetti particles within a specified container, allowing customization of visual effects, particle shapes, colors, and behavior through options.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from options parameters and DOM elements (container). Accesses environment through document.querySelector, document.head, and DOM manipulations.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM elements' style properties and innerHTML; creates style elements and appends to document head; manipulates container's innerHTML to generate particles.",
  "flows": "Initial configuration variables -> append styles -> create particles -> set CSS variables -> animate particles -> update or destroy particles as needed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity present. The code uses randomization for particle behaviors, which is typical for visual effects, not malicious. No obfuscated code or uncommon language features observed. The style injection check prevents multiple style inserts, which is standard. No data leakage or privacy violations are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a confetti animation library that dynamically generates styled DOM elements with CSS animations. It reads configuration options for customization and manages particle creation, styling, and cleanup. All operations are related to visual effects; no external data is read from or sent over network, no hidden code or backdoors are found. Use of randomness is for aesthetic purposes only. The code structure and variable naming are clear, and there is no indication of malicious intent. Style injection is properly guarded to prevent duplication. Overall, the script is consistent with a benign confetti animation utility.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard confetti animation script with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs visual effects via DOM manipulation and CSS animations, with no suspicious network activity, data leakage, or hidden backdoors. The code appears safe and intended solely for aesthetic enhancement.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}