{
  "purpose": "This code provides cryptographic functions for generating salts, hashing, and comparing data, primarily for password security, using native bindings and crypto module.",
  "sources": "Reads data from function arguments (e.g., data, salt, hash, rounds), environment variables are not used, and native binding files are loaded from the filesystem.",
  "sinks": "Calls to native binding functions (gen_salt_sync, gen_salt, encrypt_sync, encrypt, compare_sync, compare, get_rounds) which perform cryptographic operations; no evidence of data leakage or external network calls.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function arguments through validation to native binding functions that perform hashing or salt generation. No untrusted external data sources or network operations are detected.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns observed. The code performs standard cryptographic procedures with proper validation. No obfuscated or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The module exports functions for salt generation, hashing, and comparison, utilizing native bindings and crypto module for randomness. Input validation is thorough, handling callback and promise-based asynchronous flows. The code does not contain any network calls, file manipulations beyond native binding loading, or hidden behaviors. It adheres to expected cryptographic implementation standards. No malicious or maliciously obfuscated code is present. The native bindings are dynamically loaded from the filesystem, which is standard for such modules. Overall, the code appears secure with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard cryptographic utility module implementing salt and hash operations with thorough input validation and no suspicious behaviors. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or data leakage vulnerabilities based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}