{
  "purpose": "The code initializes and sets up a new project directory with specific configuration files, dependencies, and test setups, primarily for TypeScript-based projects with testing frameworks Jasmine or Jest.",
  "sources": "Input parameters FName and test, which influence directory creation and dependency selection; external imported modules (child_process, fs/promises, path, jsonConfig) for file system and process operations.",
  "sinks": "Execution of 'spawn' to run npm install command; file writes to create configuration files; directory and file creation functions.",
  "flows": "Inputs (FName, test) determine directory structure and dependencies; 'installDependencies' executes shell command to install packages; file creation functions generate configuration files based on imported jsonConfig functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses 'spawn' to run 'npm i' for dependency installation; no hardcoded secrets or credentials; dependencies are standard and fetched from npm. No obfuscated or unusual code patterns detected. The dynamic use of testDep string concatenation appears normal.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily performs project scaffolding by creating directories, files, and installing dependencies. The 'spawn' command is used to run 'npm i' with specified dependencies, which are standard devDependencies for testing and code quality tools. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware. All external modules and commands are typical for project setup scripts. The code lacks any suspicious network activity or harmful file operations beyond standard project initialization. It does not process untrusted input beyond parameterized directory names, and no secrets or credentials are embedded. The dependency installation process is straightforward and relies on npm, with no obfuscated or malicious code detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a project initializer with standard setup steps, configuration file creation, and dependency installation. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are observed. It appears safe and legitimate, with no security risks beyond normal project scaffolding operations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}