{
  "purpose": "Configuration for bundling a JavaScript library, exporting modules for both IIFE and ES formats, and integrating with the Leaflet library.",
  "sources": "Importing package.json for metadata; the 'outro' string which manipulates the global window object; external dependency 'leaflet'.",
  "sinks": "The 'outro' code writes properties from 'exports' to 'window.L', potentially exposing library functions globally.",
  "flows": "After module load, the code executes the 'outro' script, which copies exported properties into the global Leaflet object if it exists.",
  "anomalies": "The 'outro' code accesses 'exports' and writes to 'window.L' without any validation or condition, which could modify global state unexpectedly.",
  "analysis": "The code imports package metadata and sets up build configurations for a JavaScript library. The 'outro' string contains code that checks if 'window.L' is defined (typical for Leaflet). If so, it iterates over the exported properties and attaches them to 'window.L'. This pattern is often used to make the plugin's functions globally accessible via Leaflet. No input reading or untrusted data handling is present. The code does not perform network requests, data leaks, or system modifications. The 'outro' execution could, in theory, introduce global namespace pollution, but it is a common pattern for Leaflet plugins. There is no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or covert data exfiltration. The code appears standard for a Leaflet plugin build configuration, with the only concern being potential unwanted global property injection if 'exports' contains unintended properties, which is typical in module bundling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a build configuration script for a Leaflet plugin, with a standard pattern to expose exported properties to the global Leaflet object. It does not contain malware, suspicious behaviors, or security vulnerabilities beyond the typical risks associated with global namespace pollution. The 'outro' code is a common plugin pattern and does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}