{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a build configuration for a JavaScript library that integrates with Leaflet, exporting modules in different formats and attaching the library's exports to the global window.L object if it exists.",
  "sources": "The code reads package metadata from './package.json' to determine the package name and main files. It also reads environment and global variables, particularly 'window.L'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the code that assigns exported properties to 'window.L' within the 'outro' string, which executes in the browser environment, potentially modifying global state.",
  "flows": "The flow involves importing package info, defining a string 'outro' that, if 'window.L' is defined, copies module exports onto 'window.L'. During execution, the 'outro' code runs after module load, potentially altering global 'L'.",
  "anomalies": "The 'outro' contains code that conditionally attaches module exports to the global 'window.L' object, which is standard in Leaflet plugins but could be misused if embedded malicious code. No malicious code or suspicious behaviors such as network requests, hardcoded credentials, or obfuscated code are present. The 'outro' is a template string, not executable code within this snippet.",
  "analysis": "The code is a build configuration (likely for Rollup or similar bundler) that packages a JavaScript library for Leaflet. It reads package info, specifies external dependencies, and defines output formats. The 'outro' snippet, intended to extend the Leaflet global object, is standard practice for Leaflet plugins. It only executes in the browser and does not contain any malicious behavior. No unusual or suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, or external network activity is present. The structure and content suggest normal, intended plugin packaging behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard build setup for a Leaflet plugin, with a typical 'outro' that attaches exports to the global Leaflet object. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks within this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}