{
  "purpose": "The code initializes environment configuration files by copying sample files if they do not exist and loads environment variables based on the current NODE_ENV setting, then processes and exports these variables as a JSON object.",
  "sources": "Reads sample configuration files from the 'config' directory; reads environment variables from process.env.NODE_ENV and from environment files via 'dotenv' package.",
  "sinks": "Uses environment variables in 'dotenv' config loading; exports processed configuration object. No direct sinks for untrusted data, but environment variables are loaded dynamically.",
  "flows": "Reads sample config files -> Checks for existence -> Copies files if missing -> Loads environment variables based on NODE_ENV -> Processes environment variables -> Exports configuration object.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code. The code handles file copying and environment variable loading straightforwardly. JSON.stringify on all config values may obscure data types but is not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The script ensures sample config files are present, then loads environment variables according to the current environment. It includes basic file system operations and environment variable processing. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The environment variable handling appears standard. The use of 'dotenv' and file copying is typical in setup scripts. The JSON.stringify step might be unnecessary but not malicious. Overall, the code seems benign with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard configuration setup script that copies sample files if needed and loads environment variables for application configuration. There are no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It appears safe and typical for environment setup.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}