{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions and middleware for managing translations and language detection in a web application, including loading translation files, handling language preferences via cookies, headers, and URL, and supporting integration with frameworks like Next.js and Express.",
  "sources": "Reads translation JSON files from the filesystem; reads request headers and cookies for language detection; processes incoming request URLs and headers.",
  "sinks": "Reads JSON files from disk; accesses and parses headers and cookies; writes cookies and modifies request URLs; potentially returns translation data.",
  "flows": "Filesystem reads for translation files -> parsing of JSON data -> detection of language from headers/cookies/URL -> setting cookies, request attributes, and redirect responses based on detection results.",
  "anomalies": "The code extensively interacts with the filesystem for dynamic translation loading, but this is expected for a translation management system. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are observed. No obfuscated code or suspicious language features. No dynamic code execution or network communication is present.",
  "analysis": "The code manages translation data and language preferences in a typical manner. It reads translation files asynchronously and synchronously, updates internal caches, and provides middleware functions for language detection in HTTP requests. The use of filesystem access for loading translation files does not pose a malicious risk by itself. The code does not contain any network requests, data exfiltration, or command execution mechanisms. All data handling appears consistent with translation management functionality. No hidden backdoors or malicious logic are evident. The overall behavior aligns with a translation and localization utility.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a translation management utility with middleware support for language detection. It performs filesystem operations, header and cookie parsing, and request attribute modifications in a standard way. No signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware are observed. It appears safe within its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}