{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of functions and middleware for managing language translations, loading translation files, detecting user language preferences, and handling internationalization in a Node.js environment, including support for Next.js middleware and Express.js.",
  "sources": "Reads JSON translation files from the specified translations directory, reads environment/config files for supported languages, reads request headers and cookies for language detection, and reads files for translation content.",
  "sinks": "Reads from the filesystem (loading translation files), reads request headers and cookies for language detection, and processes data from configuration files.",
  "flows": "Translation files are loaded from disk (source), and translation data is retrieved from the in-memory cache or loaded files. User language preferences are detected via cookies, headers, or URL path segments (sources), and these untrusted inputs influence language selection and redirection logic (sinks). The flow may lead to redirection or setting of request attributes based on user input.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. It uses standard methods for filesystem access, JSON parsing, and request header/cookie inspection. No obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or privacy-violating operations are present. The code includes standard internationalization features with proper handling of user preferences.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a typical internationalization utility library for Node.js applications. It loads translation files from a directory, supports reloading translations dynamically, and detects user language preferences through headers, cookies, and URL paths. The filesystem operations (read/write) are standard and do not execute any dynamic or malicious code. The middleware functions for Express and Next.js are designed to set request attributes and manage cookies, which are common in web applications. There are no signs of malware, hidden backdoors, or malicious data exfiltration. All operations follow standard security practices for handling file I/O and user input.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a straightforward internationalization utility with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It securely handles translation file management, user language detection, and request augmentation in a typical manner. No malware, suspicious network activity, or privacy violations are observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}