{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for performing HTTP GET and POST requests, primarily for server communication, with support for callbacks and promises.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include URL parameters ('params' object), configuration objects ('config'), and request data like 'body' or 'params'.",
  "sinks": "Data flows into network requests via the 'request' module, with potential for untrusted data to be sent over the network or logged.",
  "flows": "Input 'params' are serialized into URL query strings or request bodies; these are used in 'request' calls that send data over the network.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Usage of 'request' module for HTTP calls is standard, with no evident malicious manipulations. Logging of request failures could leak information, but is not inherently malicious. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs URL query strings from 'params' without sanitization, but this is typical. It performs standard HTTP requests with configurable headers and timeout settings, utilizing the 'request' module. The functions handle both callback and promise-based calls. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious payloads. No hardcoded secrets or unsafe practices like insecure data handling are observed. Logging is limited to request failures, which could leak some request details but not inherently malicious. The code appears to be a straightforward network utility implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a typical HTTP utility for server communication, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles data serialization, request configuration, and error logging, all within standard patterns. No malware signals or security risks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}