{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for making HTTP GET and POST requests, with options for callbacks or promises, and handles request configuration and response parsing.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters: 'url', 'params', 'cb', and 'config'. It reads configuration options such as headers and timeout. External modules like 'request' are used for network requests.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data from 'params' and 'config' can influence request construction. Responses from 'request' can contain untrusted data, which are parsed as JSON or used directly. 'console.log' outputs can potentially leak request details.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into request construction, then from network responses into JSON parsing or error handling. Response data can be returned via callback or promise resolution.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or unusual language features. Usage of 'require' is standard; response parsing is typical. The code handles common request logic without suspicious modifications.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs HTTP requests using input parameters for URL, headers, and data. It uses 'request' module for network operations, handling both GET and POST methods. Response handling includes status code checks and JSON parsing. Error handling logs failures and rejects promises. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or obfuscated code. Use of 'console.log' for errors is standard but could leak request details if logs are exposed, yet this alone is not malicious. No hardcoded credentials or sensitive data are detected. The code appears to be standard network utility functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of HTTP request helpers with no evident malicious intent. It manages request configuration and response handling securely. No signs of malware or malicious behavior are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}