{
  "purpose": "This code is a Webpack configuration script used to bundle JavaScript source files for different environments (development or production). It configures entry points, output files, module rules, and dev server settings.",
  "sources": "The script reads the package name from package.json; environment variables (NODE_ENV); local files (__dirname + path); dependencies (webpack, babel-loader).",
  "sinks": "None explicitly; no untrusted data output, network connections, or dangerous file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence output path; source files are bundled; configuration does not process untrusted input beyond typical build steps.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains commented-out UglifyJsPlugin, which might indicate an intention to minify; however, this is not suspicious in itself. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected. The devServer is configured to serve content on all network interfaces ('0.0.0.0') on port 8000, which is common but could expose development server if misused. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard Webpack configuration for building JavaScript libraries. It uses common plugins and module rules, with environment-based output paths. No suspicious or malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malware-like actions, is evident. The commented-out UglifyJsPlugin suggests potential minification, which is normal. The dev server setup could pose exposure risk if deployed inappropriately but is typical for development environments. Overall, the code appears benign and intended for build automation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical Webpack configuration script with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It performs build setup tasks securely, with no evidence of malware or malicious behavior. Its only potential concern is exposing dev server on all interfaces, which is standard but should be managed properly in production.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}