{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom web component 'be-metamorphic' that manages XSLT processing and DOM manipulation based on certain triggers and dependencies.",
  "sources": "querySelector for 'be-a-beacon' elements, dynamic imports of modules (trans-render/xslt/clone.js, trans-render/xslt/swap.js), input properties such as 'xslt', 'expandTempl', and 'self' (the DOM element).",
  "sinks": "transformToFragment method of xsltProcessor, innerHTML and append on self, dynamic module imports, event listener for 'i-am-here', and setting proxy properties.",
  "flows": "The code initializes, waits for dependencies, loads and processes XSLT, manipulates DOM, and sets proxy flags. Data from DOM queries and input properties flow into the processing functions and DOM updates, but no external untrusted input is directly injected into code or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network activity, or backdoors detected. Usage of dynamic imports and DOM manipulation appears standard. No obfuscated code or unusual variable usage was found. No evidence of data leakage or system access beyond DOM manipulation.",
  "analysis": "The script is a component managing XSLT transformations with dependencies loaded dynamically. It waits for specific elements and dependencies, then performs transformations and DOM updates. All operations involve standard web APIs and imported modules, with no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections, or system tampering. No suspicious code paths, hardcoded secrets, or hidden functionalities identified. The use of dynamic imports and property proxies appears benign within context. Overall, the code is well-structured, and no malicious intent or security risks are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard custom web component focused on XSLT processing and DOM updates. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks based on current analysis. No indicators of malware or security vulnerabilities are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}