{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to generate and manipulate AWS API Gateway CloudFormation models, add dependencies, responses, and request models for API resources.",
  "sources": "User-provided data in function parameters such as restApiId, model objects, documentation objects, and resource dependencies.",
  "sinks": "String concatenations for URLs, modification of resource properties, and dynamic creation of dependencies and responses, which could potentially process untrusted data.",
  "flows": "Input data (restApiId, models, documentation) flows into functions that generate or modify resource models, with some string interpolations and data appending to properties.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses regex to match patterns like '{{model: ...}}' which appears legitimate for template replacement. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. There is safe handling of input data with no dynamic code execution or eval statements. No obfuscated or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly generates AWS CloudFormation resource models and modifies resource dependencies and responses based on provided data. It performs string matching and array/object manipulations without executing or including any external or malicious code. The use of regex is for pattern matching, not code injection. There are no suspicious network operations, data leaks, or backdoors. The logic is straightforward, and the data flows appear to be controlled and sanitized. Overall, the code serves a legitimate purpose related to AWS infrastructure automation without any signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard infrastructure-as-code helper module for AWS API Gateway model management. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. The functions process user inputs to generate CloudFormation templates securely. No security risks are evident in this module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}