{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a resizable and draggable UI control with multiple control points, allowing for element resizing with proportional constraints and style adjustments.",
  "sources": "The code reads from the DOM via document.querySelector, getComputedStyle, and element attribute queries. It also reads styles and bounding rects for size and position calculations.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies DOM styles via style.transform, style.width, style.height. It creates and appends control elements dynamically. No direct data output or network communication is observed.",
  "flows": "Input from DOM styles and attributes flows into size and position calculations. These flows lead to style modifications on DOM elements, controlling the visual appearance and size of the target element.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. The code uses dynamic style manipulation and event handling typical of UI controls. No suspicious network activity or data leakage observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class that manages interactive resizing controls for a DOM element, including event handling for mousedown, mousemove, and mouseup to enable resizing. It calculates new dimensions with proportional constraints and updates styles accordingly. The functions and variables serve typical UI control purposes without hidden or malicious behavior. No obfuscation or obfuscated code structures are present. The code is well-structured and seems intended solely for user interface interactions. No indications of malicious intent or malware are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code implements a standard resizable UI component with proportional constraints. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. The code is not obfuscated or malicious, and it appears to serve a legitimate purpose related to element resizing.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}