{
  "purpose": "Render a styled code block within a React component, displaying code snippets with consistent styling.",
  "sources": "Props 'attributes' and 'children' passed into the React.createElement call for the <code> element.",
  "sinks": "The 'attributes' object, which is spread into the <code> element, potentially allowing malicious attribute injection if untrusted data is provided.",
  "flows": "Untrusted 'attributes' data flows directly into the DOM element's attributes without sanitization, which could lead to DOM injection or attribute-based attacks.",
  "anomalies": "Passing 'attributes' directly into the <code> element without validation or sanitization; otherwise, the code is straightforward and static.",
  "analysis": "The React component 'CodeElement' renders a styled <pre> containing a <code> element, with styling provided by 'getPreDecoration()'. The component accepts 'attributes' and 'children' props, passing them directly into the <code> element. The styling is static and does not involve external data or dynamic behavior. The primary concern is that 'attributes' are used directly without sanitization, which could be exploited if 'attributes' originate from untrusted sources, leading to potential DOM injection. No malicious code, obfuscation, or suspicious behavior is present. The malware score is 0, as there is no evidence of malicious activity. The obfuscated score is 0, given the code's clarity. The security risk score is approximately 0.2, reflecting the potential for DOM injection if 'attributes' are untrusted, but this is not inherent to the code itself. Proper sanitization of 'attributes' would mitigate this risk.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign React component designed for rendering styled code snippets. The only noteworthy security consideration is the handling of 'attributes', which should be sanitized if sourced from untrusted inputs to prevent DOM injection. No malware or obfuscation is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}