{
  "purpose": "Dynamically loads an external JavaScript file by creating a script element with a specified URL and appending it to the document body, with callbacks for load and error events.",
  "sources": "The 'url' parameter used to set the script's src attribute.",
  "sinks": "The script element's insertion into the DOM triggers the browser to fetch and execute external code, which can lead to execution of malicious scripts if the URL is untrusted.",
  "flows": "The URL input flows directly into the script's src attribute, leading to the script being fetched and executed upon insertion; event listeners handle success or failure.",
  "anomalies": "No validation or sanitization of the 'url' parameter; straightforward code with no obfuscation or malicious indicators.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a script element with a user-provided URL, appends it to the document, and sets up event listeners for load/error. It handles compatibility for older browsers. No validation or sanitization is performed on the URL, which poses a security risk if untrusted URLs are used. The code itself is benign, with no obfuscation or malware. The primary concern is external script trustworthiness, not code maliciousness. The malware score is 0, as no malicious behavior is present. The security risk score is moderate (around 0.2-0.4), reflecting potential danger if the URL is malicious. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear. Overall, the code is a standard pattern for dynamic script loading, with the main security consideration being the trustworthiness of the URL parameter.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, standard implementation for dynamically loading external scripts. The main security concern is the potential for malicious scripts if the URL is untrusted. No malware or obfuscation is present. To mitigate risks, URL validation or whitelisting should be implemented outside this code. The malware score remains 0, obfuscated score 0, and a moderate security risk score (~0.3) is appropriate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}