{
  "purpose": "The code provides mathematical operations, rational number manipulations, and related utilities, likely for computational purposes involving big integers and rational numbers.",
  "sources": "Data is read from imported modules such as '@aureooms/js-integer-big-endian', '@aureooms/js-integer', '@aureooms/js-error', '@aureooms/js-prime', '@aureooms/js-number', '@aureooms/js-rational'. No external inputs are directly read from user inputs, environment variables, or network sources within this code fragment.",
  "sinks": "The code performs calculations and stringifications; no direct sinks such as network communications, file system writes, or external command executions are present. The only potential sink is string output, which is not inherently dangerous.",
  "flows": "The code converts various input formats (string, array, integer) into rational or integer objects, performs arithmetic operations (add, sub, mul, div, pow), and then stringify or parse these values. No external or untrusted data source-to-sink flows are apparent.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments are detected. The code is a mathematical library with standard features. The import statements are straightforward. No obfuscated code or unusual language constructs are present. The function definitions and method implementations are consistent with normal rational number operations.",
  "analysis": "The code imports multiple modules related to big integers, rational numbers, prime factorization, and error handling, indicating it is a mathematical library. It defines functions to create rational number instances, perform arithmetic operations, comparisons, simplifications, and string conversions. The implementation of 'x' constructs a rational number class with methods for addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, negation, inversion, comparison, and exponentiation, including error handling for invalid operations like division by zero or invalid power. All operations appear to be standard mathematical procedures with no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or network activity. The only noteworthy aspect is the detailed import structure and the methodical approach to rational arithmetic, which is typical for such libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a mathematical library for rational and big integer computations. There are no signs of malicious behavior, suspicious data flows, or security risks. The code appears legitimate, well-structured, and free of malicious intent or sabotage. No external communication or dangerous operations are performed. Overall, the package is safe from a supply chain security perspective based on this fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}