{
  "purpose": "This code sets up a WebGL rendering context, creates shaders and programs, manages rendering targets, and loads external shader fragments for graphical effects. It functions as a WebGL-based visual effects renderer.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from external shader files via fetch, accesses WebGL context and shaders, uses document and window objects for DOM and event handling, and retrieves shader source code and configurations.",
  "sinks": "Uses WebGL API calls for shader compilation, program linking, texture creation, framebuffer setup, and uniform setting. Also attaches event listeners to capture mouse movements.",
  "flows": "External shader files fetched and compiled into WebGL programs (source) -> uniforms and attributes set for rendering (sink) -> rendering operations using WebGL draw calls (sink). Mouse data flows from event handler to shader uniforms.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious external network behavior beyond fetching shader code. No obfuscated or malicious-looking code segments. Use of fetch to load external resources is standard, no data exfiltration or system compromise observed.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes WebGL context, manages shader creation and compilation, handles rendering targets, and loads external shader files via fetch. It also sets up event listeners for mouse movement to pass interactive input to shaders. The code appears well-structured, with no signs of malicious behavior such as data theft, system manipulation, or covert communication. All external fetches are for shader source code, which is typical for dynamic shader loading. No suspicious network activity or backdoors are evident. The code does not contain obfuscated parts or hidden behaviors. Its functions align with standard WebGL rendering pipelines.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard WebGL rendering setup for shader effects with external shader loading. There are no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It appears safe, with no malware or malicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}