{
  "purpose": "The code implements a fisheye distortion effect on 2D points, allowing customization of parameters like radius, smoothing, and distortion, likely for graphical or visualization purposes.",
  "sources": "Parameters set at the start (radius, smoothing, distortion, center), and the function inputs (points, inverse flag, and external parameter adjustments).",
  "sinks": "Returns transformed point coordinates and internal coefficient calculations; no direct data leaks or external data transmission observed.",
  "flows": "Input points flow through calculations involving normalization, distance computations, and fisheye transformation, with parameters recalculated via solving mathematical equations, and results returned as transformed points.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or unusual network activity. The code's complexity appears purely mathematical and graphical in nature.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a fisheye distortion function with adjustable parameters and internal coefficient calculations. It uses mathematical formulas to compute and adjust distortion effects on input points. No external data sources, network activity, or malicious behavior mechanisms are evident. The purpose appears solely related to visual distortion effects. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are present, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or obfuscated malicious code. The logic is mathematical and deterministic, with no evidence of malware. The code is well-structured for its purpose, with parameter setters and recalculations, and no suspicious side effects.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code appears to be a purely mathematical implementation of a fisheye distortion effect for visual processing. It does not contain malware, malicious behaviors, or security risks. It is safe based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}