{
  "purpose": "This code implements a fisheye distortion effect for graphical rendering, allowing configuration of parameters such as radius, smoothing, and distortion.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters for configuration (smoothing, distortion, radius, center), and external function calls to 'solveForConstants'.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain external sinks such as network communication, file I/O, or sensitive data leaks. No data is sent or written outside the local context.",
  "flows": "Configuration parameters influence internal calculations (e.g., 'solveForConstants'), which then determine the transformation applied in 'fisheye' and 'smoothedFisheye' functions. No untrusted data flows into potentially dangerous sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors detected. The code appears solely to perform graphical calculations. No obfuscated code or suspicious language features observed. The functions perform mathematical transformations typical for fisheye effects.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a modular implementation of a fisheye distortion effect, including parameter configuration, constant calculation, and the transformation function. It relies on mathematical formulas without external data or network operations. No anomalies or suspicious patterns found. The structure is consistent, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent. The 'solveForConstants' function computes parameters used in distortion calculations, which is typical for customizable graphical effects. Overall, the code is focused on visual transformation logic without any malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "This code implements a configurable fisheye distortion effect with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs mathematical transformations relevant to graphics rendering without external data handling or suspicious operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}