{
  "purpose": "Constructs PowerShell commands for speech synthesis, exporting audio files, stopping speech processes, and retrieving available voices, based on user parameters.",
  "sources": "User inputs: 'text', 'voice', 'speed', 'filename' embedded into command strings; process ID from 'this.child.pid'.",
  "sinks": "PowerShell command execution via child_process, process termination via 'taskkill' with 'this.child.pid'.",
  "flows": "User inputs → String interpolation into PowerShell commands → Execution via child_process or process termination.",
  "anomalies": "Direct embedding of user inputs without sanitization or escaping; potential command injection risk; no evidence of obfuscation or malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically constructs PowerShell commands for speech synthesis and file export, inserting user-controlled parameters directly into command strings without sanitization. This creates a command injection vulnerability if inputs are maliciously crafted. The process termination relies on 'this.child.pid', which is standard but could be misused if manipulated. No malware, obfuscation, or malicious network activity is detected. The primary security concern is the injection risk, which could lead to arbitrary code execution. The malware score is correctly 0, as no malicious payload is present. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is straightforward. The security risk score should be around 0.6, reflecting moderate to high risk due to injection potential, assuming untrusted inputs. Mitigation involves input validation and sanitization to prevent injection attacks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign in purpose but vulnerable to command injection due to unsanitized user inputs embedded into PowerShell commands. No malware or obfuscation is present. The primary security concern is the injection risk, which warrants a security risk score of approximately 0.6. Implementing input sanitization and validation is strongly recommended to mitigate this vulnerability.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}