{
  "purpose": "The code implements a color wheel component for A-FRAME, allowing users to select colors via a graphical interface, including features like swatches, hex value display, and brightness adjustment.",
  "sources": "Reads data from user interactions (click events on color wheel, swatches, hex display, brightness slider). Uses imported modules ('./src/utils', 'copy-to-clipboard', 'lodash.difference'). Reads environment variables only if used elsewhere; no such usage shown here.",
  "sinks": "Sets properties on A-Frame elements (e.g., material color, position). Copies hex value to clipboard on click. Emits custom events ('changecolor', 'didchangecolor'). Updates shader uniforms for visual effects.",
  "flows": "User interaction (clicks) triggers event handlers that update HSV values, move cursors, change colors, and emit events. Color updates propagate from input sources to visual elements and event emissions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network connections detected. Uses standard shaders and geometry. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution found. Import statements are normal, no malicious code present. Event handling and dependencies are standard for such components.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a comprehensive color wheel component with user interaction handling, visual updates, and event emissions. It employs standard security practices: no external network calls, no execution of untrusted input, no dynamic code injection. The use of 'copy-to-clipboard' is contained within a click event, which is typical for copying hex values. Import of local utility module 'Event' is standard, assuming it safely emits events. No suspicious or malicious patterns are present. Shader code is standard for visual effects. The code appears to be a well-structured, typical application component with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard A-Frame component for color selection with no detected malicious behavior or sabotage. It uses conventional methods for visual updates, event handling, and dependencies. No malware, backdoors, or security risks are evident from this review.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}