{
  "purpose": "This code implements a color wheel component for A-FRAME, allowing users to select colors visually and via swatches, with options to display hex values and customize appearance.",
  "sources": "The code reads user interactions via click events on the color wheel, brightness slider, and swatches; reads data from component schema and data properties; accesses DOM elements and their attributes.",
  "sinks": "Event handlers trigger color updates, copying hex values to clipboard, emitting custom 'changecolor' and 'didchangecolor' events; updates to material colors and object positions; updates to DOM elements like text and swatches.",
  "flows": "User interactions (clicks) on color wheel, brightness slider, or swatches read intersection points or color data (sources), which then update internal HSV/RGB state, animate cursor positions, update colors/materials, and emit events (sinks).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network calls detected. Use of 'Event.emit' appears to be for standard event handling. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code observed. Shader code is standard GLSL, no malicious patterns. No attempts to access environment variables or system data. The 'require' of './src/utils' could contain external code but cannot be assessed here.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive implementation of an A-Frame color wheel with UI components, including color selection, hue/saturation/brightness adjustment, and swatches. It uses standard shaders, event handling, and animations. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or external command execution. The only external dependency is 'copy-to-clipboard' and 'lodash.difference', which are standard libraries. The Event.emit calls are for user interface events, not external communications. No code injects or dynamically loads malicious scripts. The logic is contained within the component and adheres to typical patterns for such UI controls.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard, well-structured A-Frame component for color selection, with no evidence of malicious intent or malware. It primarily handles user interaction, UI updates, and event emission without suspicious external activities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}