{
  "purpose": "This code exports a Prometheus metric collector for tracking Knex query durations and errors, enabling monitoring of database query performance and failures.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from event listeners attached to the knex instance ('query', 'query-response', 'query-error'), and from the 'query' and 'error' objects passed into these event handlers.",
  "sinks": "The code sends metrics data to the Prometheus client registry via 'prom-client' functions such as 'observe' and 'inc', and manipulates the 'knex' event listeners.",
  "flows": "Input data from knex events (queries, responses, errors) is captured via event handlers. Query start times are stored in a Map. On response or error, the stored start time is retrieved, and the elapsed time is computed and recorded in metrics. Errors increment counters with optional labels.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network activity, or backdoors are present. The code uses standard Prometheus metric functions. No obfuscation or malicious language features detected. No hidden code or unusual constructs identified.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions and an exporter function that attaches event listeners to a Knex instance. It accurately tracks query durations and errors, recording metrics via 'prom-client'. It uses process.hrtime for high-resolution timing, which is standard. Event handlers properly set, get, and delete timing data, and metrics are registered and returned for management. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or unauthorized data leaks. The only potential concern is that it collects query error messages, which could be sensitive; however, this is part of normal monitoring and not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard monitoring utility for Knex with Prometheus, with no malicious intent or behavior detected. It appropriately tracks database query metrics and errors for monitoring purposes. No security risks or malware identified.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}