{
  "purpose": "This code implements a timeline animation system with keyframe-based interpolation, easing functions, and control methods for play, pause, seek, and tweening. Its purpose is to manage and animate tracks over time with optional looping and event callbacks.",
  "sources": "The code reads system time via Date.now() and window.requestAnimationFrame(); it also reads input data through function parameters such as track configurations, track IDs, and control inputs (e.g., seek position, tween durations).",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially be written if external code calls methods like seek or updateTracks with malicious data, but no explicit sinks like network or file operations are present within this code. The evaluate function performs modulo operations, but these are safe mathematical calculations. No code injection or data leakage functions are apparent.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (track data, control inputs) into evaluation functions that compute interpolated values, then these values are passed to onUpdate callbacks. The time-based functions read system time, then update internal state, which may trigger external callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. All functions perform typical animation/timing calculations. No obfuscated code, suspicious network calls, or hidden behaviors are detected. The code relies solely on standard timing and math functions.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple utility functions for mathematical easing and mapping, then a TimelineLoop class managing animation tracks with start, pause, seek, and tween controls. It uses requestAnimationFrame for smooth updates, and manages multiple tracks with configurable delays, durations, and easing. Evaluation functions handle keyframe interpolation with wrap-around logic, and event callbacks are invoked on updates. No data leakage, network activity, or malicious side effects are present. The code appears to be a standard, well-structured animation manager with no suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code implements a safe, standard animation control system with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It uses common techniques for timing and interpolation without any suspicious side effects or hidden behaviors. Therefore, it can be considered safe for use from a security standpoint.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}