{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component called 'Sector' that generates a sector-shaped path for rendering using '@react-native-community/art'. Its purpose is to visually display a sector or pie slice based on input parameters.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component props: 'angle', 'radius', and 'offset' (which contains 'top' and 'left' values). It uses these inputs to generate a path string for rendering.",
  "sinks": "The primary sink is the '<ARTShape d={path} />' component, which renders the generated path. No data is written to files, network, or system resources.",
  "flows": "Input props ('angle', 'radius', 'offset') are processed by 'makeSectorPath' to generate a path string, which is then passed to '<ARTShape>' for rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, obfuscated code, or unusual behavior are present. The code uses standard React component structure, PropTypes validation, and a straightforward path generation function.",
  "analysis": "The code imports React components and PropTypes for validation, along with ARTShape and ARTPath for drawing. The 'makeSectorPath' function correctly computes SVG path commands for a sector shape based on the input angle, radius, and offset. It handles full circles and partial arcs accurately, using standard mathematical calculations. The 'Sector' component validates props, sets defaults, and renders the shape with the computed path. There are no hardcoded secrets, dynamic code execution, network activity, or suspicious behaviors. The code appears clean, standard, and focused solely on visual rendering logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward React component for rendering a sector shape, with no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It performs geometric calculations to generate SVG path data for rendering graphics. No anomalies or malicious behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}