{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component called 'Sector' that creates a visual sector shape using the '@react-native-community/art' library for rendering vector graphics in React Native.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include component props: 'angle', 'radius', and 'offset' (top and left). These are used to generate the SVG path for the shape.",
  "sinks": "The generated 'path' string is used in the 'd' attribute of the ARTShape component, which renders the visual shape. No direct sink involving untrusted data beyond rendering is observed.",
  "flows": "Input props (angle, radius, offset) flow into the 'makeSectorPath' function to generate an SVG path string, which is then rendered by ARTShape. There are no additional data flows to external systems or storage.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies detected. The code constructs SVG path commands using straightforward mathematical calculations and standard React component patterns. No hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or suspicious behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The code imports React and PropTypes for type checking, along with ART components for drawing shapes. It defines a 'makeSectorPath' function that creates SVG path strings for sectors based on input parameters. The 'Sector' component accepts 'angle', 'radius', and 'offset' props, with default offset values. It computes the path for the sector and renders it via ARTShape. All operations are standard geometric calculations; no external data fetching, no code injection, or suspicious operations are present. The use of 'arc' and 'moveTo' functions is typical for vector shape creation. The code does not perform any network operations, access environment variables, or include any hardcoded secrets or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a standard React Native component for rendering sector shapes. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this code snippet. It relies solely on client-side computations and standard rendering techniques.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}