{
  "purpose": "This code defines an AngularJS module for displaying toast notifications, managing their lifecycle, and providing APIs for error, info, success, and warning messages.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'message', 'title', and 'optionsOverride'. It also accesses configuration via 'toastrConfig' and user interactions through event handlers.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include dynamic HTML binding via '$sce.trustAsHtml', DOM manipulations with '$animate', and scope variables that could inject untrusted content. The code also creates DOM elements and compiles templates dynamically.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input data (messages, titles, options) flows into scope variables with potential HTML content, and then into DOM elements via $compile and $animate. Event handlers may invoke user-defined callbacks, possibly containing untrusted code.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard toast notification library with no suspicious hardcoded secrets or unusual code patterns. Usage of '$sce.trustAsHtml' is controlled by 'allowHtml' option. No obfuscated code or hidden backdoors are detected. The code is structured and does not contain suspicious network activity or file operations.",
  "analysis": "The code is an AngularJS toast notification service, with functions for creating, displaying, and removing toast messages. It uses dependency injection, DOM manipulation, and scope management. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malicious network activity. Potential security considerations include proper sanitization when 'allowHtml' is used, but this is configurable and not inherently malicious. The code does not contain any hardcoded credentials, suspicious external calls, or obfuscated code. It adheres to standard patterns for such a library.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of a toast notification service for AngularJS, with no evident malicious behavior or security risks. It performs its intended functions securely, assuming proper use of options such as 'allowHtml'. No malicious or sabotage indicators are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}