{
  "purpose": "This code provides an AngularJS module for displaying toast notifications in a web application, offering functions for creating, managing, and removing notifications.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from parameters such as message, title, optionsOverride, and environment variables (via $inject), and from DOM elements like target elements for toast containers.",
  "sinks": "The code uses $animate, $compile, and $sce services for DOM manipulation and content rendering, which are typical for toast notification UI updates. No suspicious sinks like network requests or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (messages, options) flows into notification creation functions, which generate toast elements and insert them into DOM via $animate and $compile. Toasts are managed via internal arrays, with removal or update triggered by user actions or timers.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network connections. The code adheres to standard toast notification patterns. No use of eval, Function constructor, or dynamic code execution. No obfuscated or minified code present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of a toast notification system for AngularJS, utilizing common services for DOM manipulation and scope management. It manages toast states, handles duplicates, and allows for configuration overrides. No suspicious or malicious logic detected. The use of $sce for trusting HTML content is a normal practice for allowing HTML in notifications, not a security concern here. There are no signs of data exfiltration, network communication, or malware behavior. The code appears to be safe and intended solely for user interface purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a typical AngularJS toast notification module with no malicious behavior or security risks. It manages notifications securely within the scope of UI updates without external communication or sensitive data handling.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}