{
  "purpose": "This code defines an AngularJS module for displaying toast notifications with various types (error, info, success, warning). It manages creating, displaying, and removing toast messages dynamically in the UI.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration options via 'toastrConfig', DOM elements through 'document.querySelector', and user-provided message and title inputs via function parameters.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation through AngularJS's $animate and $compile for inserting toast elements, and scope variables for message content and options. No direct data sinks like network or file system are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (messages, options) flow into the _notify function, which creates toast objects, compiles scope with message data, and inserts toast elements into the DOM. Toast removal updates internal arrays and DOM elements.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or hidden code segments detected. The code uses standard AngularJS practices for dynamic UI updates. No obfuscated code, malware indicators, or unusual behaviors are present. The code properly manages scope destruction and DOM removal.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard toast notification system for AngularJS applications. It manages toast creation, display, and removal securely without suspicious network activity or malicious logic. It employs safe practices such as scope isolation and DOM cleanup. No malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or malware-like actions are observed. The code is well-structured, with clear separation of concerns, and uses AngularJS services securely. The only potential concern is if user input is not sanitized, but the code uses $sce.trustAsHtml only when 'allowHtml' is enabled, which is a common pattern for allowing HTML content within safe bounds.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate AngularJS toast notification module with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It securely manages UI notifications and does not exhibit suspicious data leakage, network activity, or backdoors. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}