{
  "purpose": "This code processes an Abstract Syntax Tree (AST) to generate an array of computed values for each node, using functions derived from the AST. It provides a function that, given a context, evaluates each node's corresponding function.",
  "sources": "Input comes from the 'parse' function which likely reads source code to produce an AST, and from the AST itself when 'values' is invoked with an AST.",
  "sinks": "The functions derived from AST nodes ('astFunc') are called with a context object 'ctx', which could potentially be manipulated if malicious code is embedded in the AST. The 'funcs' array is populated with these functions.",
  "flows": "Source: parse() output or AST nodes -> collectFuncs() populates funcs array with node-specific functions -> returned function maps these functions over provided 'ctx' -> evaluated results are returned.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are apparent. The code relies on external modules ('ramda', './parse', './func') and their normal operations. No use of dynamic code execution or obfuscated code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports necessary modules and defines a function '_values' to traverse an AST recursively, collecting functions derived from each node using 'astFunc'. These functions are stored in an array indexed by node IDs. When the returned function is invoked with a context, it evaluates each node's function with that context. The 'values' pipeline parses input and generates this evaluation function. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or suspicious code patterns. External modules are used in a standard manner, and no suspicious input handling or output behaviors are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs a straightforward AST traversal and evaluation, with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It appears to be a utility for AST processing and evaluation, relying on external modules that are assumed safe. No malware or security vulnerabilities are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}