{
  "purpose": "Dynamically loads parser modules from a specified directory, filtering out certain files, and provides utility methods to access and invoke parser functions based on model names.",
  "sources": "Filesystem directory './../parser/' where parser JavaScript files are read; module requiring via require() with constructed paths.",
  "sinks": "Require() calls with dynamic paths, potentially executing malicious modules if the directory is compromised.",
  "flows": "Filesystem reads directory -> filters files -> constructs paths -> require() loads modules -> stores parsers in internal map -> retrieval functions access parsers and invoke methods.",
  "anomalies": "Use of require() with dynamically constructed paths based on filesystem contents; no validation or sanitization of filenames; potential for directory tampering if not secured.",
  "analysis": "The code performs dynamic module loading from a directory, filtering out specific filenames. It uses require() with paths built from filesystem data, which is standard in plugin architectures but can be risky if the directory is compromised. No signs of obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or malicious code are present. Error handling during module loading is implemented. The main security concern is the potential for malicious modules to be loaded if the directory is tampered with. The malware score is 0, as no malicious behavior is evident. The obfuscation score is 0, given the straightforward code. The security risk score ranges from 0.2 to 0.4 across reports, reflecting the inherent risk in dynamic requiring from filesystem contents, especially if directory security is not enforced. Overall, the code appears safe, with the primary risk being directory integrity rather than malicious code within the script.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard plugin loader pattern with no evidence of malicious activity or obfuscation. The main security concern is directory tampering, which can be mitigated with proper access controls. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score should be around 0.3 to reflect the inherent risk of dynamic require() based on filesystem trust. The current reports' assessments are accurate and justified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}