{
  "purpose": "Load Grunt tasks from a local 'services' directory relative to the current script.",
  "sources": "The code reads the 'path' module and the '__dirname' variable to determine the directory path; then it loads tasks from 'services' directory.",
  "sinks": "The 'grunt.loadTasks' function loads scripts from the specified directory, which could execute malicious code if the directory contains malicious scripts.",
  "flows": "The code constructs a path to 'services' and passes it to 'grunt.loadTasks', which then loads scripts from that directory.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies detected; straightforward static code with no obfuscation or suspicious patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code imports the 'path' module, then exports a function that loads tasks from a 'services' directory relative to '__dirname'. It does not process user input, environment variables, or perform dynamic code execution. The only potential risk is if the 'services' directory contains malicious scripts, which could be loaded and executed during 'grunt.loadTasks'. The code itself is standard and safe, with no obfuscation or malicious intent. The risk of malicious behavior depends entirely on the contents of the 'services' directory, which is external to this code snippet. Therefore, the code's inherent malware and obfuscation scores are zero. The security risk score is minimal (around 0.1) to account for the external risk of malicious scripts in the directory. Confidence in the assessment is high (1), given the simplicity and static nature of the code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, safe pattern for loading Grunt tasks from a local directory. There is no malicious or obfuscated code within the snippet itself. The primary concern is the potential for malicious scripts in the 'services' directory, which could be loaded and executed. The assigned scores reflect this: malware=0, obfuscated=0, securityRisk=0.1, confidence=1.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}