{
  "purpose": "The code implements a JavaScript syntax highlighting library named SyntaxHighlighter, providing functions for code formatting, toolbar controls, regex-based parsing, and utilities for code manipulation and display.",
  "sources": "Reads input code from DOM elements (e.g., 'pre' tags), user parameters, and global configuration objects; uses embedded regex patterns and external brush scripts.",
  "sinks": "HTML DOM manipulations (innerHTML, createElement, replaceChild), network requests for external scripts or stylesheets, clipboard interactions via Flash SWF, alert dialogs, and window popups for source viewing and printing.",
  "flows": "Code is fetched from DOM elements, processed through regex matches for syntax elements, transformed into HTML with styling and controls, then injected back into the DOM. User interactions via toolbar buttons trigger actions like copying, printing, or viewing source, often involving DOM or window functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network calls are detected. The only notable external dependency is the optional clipboard SWF for clipboard operations. Usage of Flash SWF for clipboard copying is a deprecated security risk but not inherently malicious. The code is large and mostly standard for a syntax highlighter, with no obfuscated or highly dynamic code patterns. External scripts or dynamic code evaluation are absent.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive implementation of a syntax highlighting library with functionalities such as regex-based parsing, style application, toolbar controls, and utilities for code formatting and display. No suspicious code patterns, such as data exfiltration, system modifications, or network communications outside of standard resource linking, are present. Use of Flash for clipboard operations is outdated but not malicious. The code does not include any obfuscated patterns, hidden backdoors, or malicious side-effects. The regexLib is used for parsing code snippets; no dynamic code execution or user input vulnerabilities are evident. The overall code structure is typical for such a library, with no signs of malware or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard syntax highlighter library with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs code parsing, formatting, and user interaction functions securely within its scope. No security risks or malware behaviors are detected, though reliance on Flash SWF is outdated and should be replaced for modern security practices.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}