{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a syntax highlighting and code formatting library, likely for displaying code snippets with syntax coloring in a web environment.",
  "sources": "It reads class names from HTML elements, DOM nodes, and source code strings to identify language types, code snippets, and user inputs; it also reads configuration options from variables and DOM properties.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe DOM manipulations and modifications to innerHTML and nodeValues, but these are standard for syntax highlighters and not inherently malicious.",
  "flows": "Sources such as DOM node values and class names flow into functions that process and modify DOM elements for syntax highlighting; configuration variables influence processing paths.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity detected. The code heavily relies on regex parsing, which is typical for syntax highlighters. The large volume of regex and syntax parsing logic could be misleading but is consistent with a syntax highlighting library. No obfuscated code or dynamic eval functions found.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive syntax highlighting library that processes HTML and code snippets to apply language-specific syntax coloring. It uses regex patterns to identify language elements, comments, strings, and other syntax components. It interacts with DOM elements, reading class names, node values, and applying decorations. The absence of network activity, file system access, or dynamic code execution suggests no malicious intent. The code's structure and content are consistent with open-source syntax highlighters like Prettify or similar libraries. No anomalies indicative of malicious sabotage or hidden backdoors are present. The code's purpose is to enhance code display, not to perform any suspicious actions.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard syntax highlighting library used for beautifying code snippets on web pages. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. Its complexity is typical for such libraries, and no suspicious activity is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}