{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a syntax highlighting and code formatting library for multiple programming languages, intended for use in code presentation or editing environments.",
  "sources": "Reads data from DOM elements (e.g., innerHTML, className), and processes source code strings for syntax highlighting.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM elements by setting innerHTML and attributes; potentially vulnerable if source code is untrusted and not sanitized.",
  "flows": "Input DOM elements' inner content (source code) to syntax parsing functions, which produce decorated HTML and set it as innerHTML of elements.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive regex definitions, language keyword lists, and utility functions typical of syntax highlighters; no clear backdoors or hardcoded credentials are present. The code is complex but appears consistent with known syntax highlighting libraries. No obfuscated code or unusual behavior is evident.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily focuses on syntax highlighting with functions to parse and decorate source code snippets, using regex patterns and language definitions. It reads innerHTML and class names from DOM nodes, processes them through regex-based lexers, and replaces the original content with decorated HTML. The code structure and logic align with legitimate syntax highlighter tools. There are no network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications observed. No hidden backdoors or malicious data leaks are detected. The use of regex for syntax parsing is standard in such libraries. Overall, it appears to be a benign, well-structured syntax highlighter library with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a syntax highlighting library for multiple programming languages. It reads source code from DOM elements, applies regex-based syntax parsing, and updates the DOM with decorated code. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data flows are evident. It is a standard library for code formatting, not malware.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}