{
  "purpose": "Provide encryption and decryption functions using AES-128-ECB mode for data security within a larger application.",
  "sources": "The functions read data to be encrypted or decrypted, accepting input parameters 'data' and 'key'.",
  "sinks": "The encryption process outputs encrypted data in base64 format; the decryption process reads base64 encrypted data. No external sinks are explicitly present, but the code could potentially be misused if keys or data are mishandled.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from the 'data' parameter through JSON serialization and into the cipher for encryption; for decryption, the encrypted input flows into the decipher, then parsed back into JSON. The 'key' parameter influences the encryption/decryption process but is defaulted to a hardcoded string.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'aes-128-ecb' mode, which is considered insecure due to lack of IV and susceptibility to pattern analysis. The key is hardcoded as a constant string, which could be considered a security risk if exposed. No input validation or key management is present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements symmetric encryption and decryption with predictable key management and insecure cipher mode. The key is hardcoded, increasing risk if the code is compromised. ECB mode does not use an IV, making encryption patterns potentially vulnerable. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration or hidden backdoors, but the cryptographic practices are poor and could be exploited in security-sensitive contexts. Overall, the code performs intended encryption functions but with security weaknesses.",
  "conclusion": "The code provides basic encryption/decryption but employs insecure cryptographic practices, notably the use of ECB mode and a hardcoded key. No malicious activity is evident, but the security risks are significant enough to warrant caution. It is advisable to replace ECB with a more secure mode like CBC or GCM and manage keys securely.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 4
}