{
  "purpose": "This module provides various functions for transforming and processing code snippets into Wizzi Ittf format, supporting multiple languages and formats including JS, XML, SVG, CSS, HTML, JSON, GraphQL, Vue, and more.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from function parameters such as codeSnippet and options. It also requires external modules which could potentially introduce external data sources, but within this code, the direct sources are the arguments passed to each function.",
  "sinks": "The functions output via callback mechanisms, which are intended to return transformed code or ASTs. The code does not directly write to files, make network requests, or execute untrusted input, but the callbacks could be exploited if not properly sanitized in the broader application context.",
  "flows": "The main flow involves receiving code snippets and options, passing them to specific wizzifier modules, and returning the results via callbacks. There is a dynamic selection of wizzifier functions based on schemaName, which could be manipulated if schemaName is user-controlled, but no direct malicious flow is evident within this code.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to follow standard patterns for module exports and function definitions. It uses dynamic function calls based on schemaName, which could be a risk if schemaName is user-controlled, but there are no obvious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors. The only potentially suspicious aspect is the dynamic access to functions, but this is typical in plugin-like architectures.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly serves as an orchestrator that delegates processing to specialized wizzifier modules. It performs minimal processing itself, with no evidence of code injection, data leakage, or malicious activity. It does include some commented-out code and verbose logging (console.log), but nothing inherently malicious. The dynamic function invocation based on schemaName could pose a security risk if schemaName is manipulated by an attacker, but the core logic does not exhibit malicious intent. No network activity, file system modifications, or obfuscated code are present. The only concern could be external module dependencies, but these are standard and not suspicious in this context.",
  "conclusion": "Overall, the code appears to be a benign utility module that manages code transformations and AST generation for various formats. There are no signs of malware or malicious behavior. The only minor concern is the dynamic function lookup, which is standard for plugin architectures but should be validated in the broader system. No security risks are evident within this isolated code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}