{
  "purpose": "This code provides various functions to convert code snippets of different schemas (JS, TS, XML, XSD, SVG, CSS, SCSS, HTML, JSON, GraphQL, Vue) into a Wizzi internal format (Ittf). It acts as a utility library for code transformation and schema-specific processing.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as code snippets and options passed to functions like wizzify_js, wizzify_ts, wizzify_xml, etc.",
  "sinks": "The primary sinks are the calls to getWizziIttf and getCodeAST methods of imported wizzifier modules, which process code snippets and options; these are internal processing functions, not external network or system calls.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from function parameters through various wizzifier functions, ultimately transforming code snippets into Wizzi Ittf format or ASTs. No external network or file system operations are directly invoked within this code.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are evident. The code primarily delegates processing to external modules. No unusual language features or obfuscation are present. The import of internal modules and functions appears standard. No embedded or hidden malicious behavior is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of utility functions for schema-specific code transformations, delegating actual processing to external modules. There are no suspicious patterns such as network requests, system modifications, or data exfiltration. Error handling is basic, with exceptions caught and passed to callbacks. All modules and functions invoked seem intended for code parsing and transformation without malicious intent. The code structure is straightforward, with no obfuscated logic or concealed code segments.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard utility module for schema-based code transformation, with no evidence of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It relies on external modules for processing, and no suspicious activities are present within this fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}