{
  "purpose": "The code manages data submissions, including fetching, displaying, grouping, and synchronizing submission data with remote sources and local storage.",
  "sources": "User input via data fields, local database queries, remote API responses (axios GET), and dynamic functions generated with new Function().",
  "sinks": "Execution of dynamically created functions with new Function(), remote API calls, and access to environment-specific data such as user email and tokens.",
  "flows": "Data flows from local storage or remote API responses into data processing functions, with dynamic functions potentially executing user-supplied code, and data being used for display or further processing.",
  "anomalies": "Use of new Function() to generate functions dynamically from data (templates), which could potentially execute malicious code if templates are user-controlled or manipulated. No explicit hardcoded secrets or credentials are visible. Remote API calls are made securely with axios, but parameters include user and owner data, which could be misused if improperly sanitized. The code does not handle or sanitize input explicitly.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs data retrieval from local storage and remote sources, with dynamic function creation via new Function(), which is a security risk if the 'template' data is untrusted. This could allow execution of arbitrary code embedded in templates. The axios GET request appears to send parameters that include user or filter data, but no suspicious URLs or parameters are visible. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected. The use of 'new Function' is the main concern, as it could execute malicious scripts if template data is compromised. The rest of the code interacts with APIs and local storage in standard ways. There are no signs of data exfiltration, reverse shells, or system damage activities.",
  "conclusion": "The primary risk stems from dynamic function generation with new Function(), which could execute malicious code if the 'template' strings are untrusted. The code otherwise appears standard for managing and displaying submissions. No explicit malware or malicious behavior is detected, but the use of eval-like functions warrants caution, especially if templates are user-provided or manipulated.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 4
}