{
  "purpose": "The code defines a model for handling 'Submission' data, including retrieval, filtering, grouping, and remote synchronization operations within a larger application context.",
  "sources": "Data sources include local database queries (e.g., this.local()), remote API calls (this.remote(), axios.get()), and user inputs via parameters. Environment variables are not explicitly accessed.",
  "sinks": "Data is passed to external systems such as remote APIs (axios.get), dynamic function creation (new Function), and console logs. Data manipulation occurs internally and with external APIs, but no direct data leaks or malicious outputs are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from local or remote sources through filtering and transformation functions, including dynamic evaluation of string templates via new Function, then possibly sent back to remote endpoints or stored locally.",
  "anomalies": "Use of new Function for dynamic code execution based on templates raises security concerns. No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors are found. The code appears well-structured without suspicious obfuscation. No external code injections are visible. No encrypted or encoded secrets are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles data retrieval, transformation, and grouping, with dynamic function creation for calculations on submission data. The dynamic Function constructor could be exploited if 't.template' contains malicious code, but this appears to be controlled via predefined templates. External API calls via axios are standard; no suspicious domains or data exfiltration methods are observed. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malicious system interactions are present. The code does not perform any file operations, system modifications, or network communications beyond expected API interactions. The use of dayjs and other libraries is standard. Overall, no malicious behavior or malware signatures are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a typical data handling module with dynamic calculation capabilities. While the use of new Function could pose a security risk if input templates are compromised, there is no direct evidence of malicious intent or malware within this code snippet. It appears to be part of a legitimate application logic layer with no supply chain security issues detected.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}