{
  "purpose": "The code appears to handle submission data retrieval, filtering, and manipulation for a form-based application, including interactions with remote APIs, local database, and dynamic calculation of fields.",
  "sources": "Reads data from local database (this.local()), remote APIs via axios.get, and form templates (Form.getFastTableTemplates). Accesses input parameters like owner, filter, url, and timeFilter.",
  "sinks": "Uses dynamic Function constructor to evaluate custom calculation formulas stored in form templates; performs remote API calls with parameters derived from user input; accesses environment-dependent data such as Auth connector email and user ID.",
  "flows": "Input parameters -> fetch templates and form data -> execute dynamic functions on form data -> remote API calls with parameters -> process and return data",
  "anomalies": "Use of the Function constructor to execute arbitrary code from form templates (potential code injection). No evident hardcoded secrets or credentials. Dynamic code execution with user-defined formulas could be manipulated to execute malicious code if template formulas are compromised.",
  "analysis": "The code's critical point is the use of the Function constructor to create new functions dynamically for calculating form data fields. This allows execution of arbitrary code embedded in templates, which can be malicious if templates are controlled by an attacker. The axios call to remote APIs uses parameters from input, but the URL and params are not sanitized; however, the URL seems to be predefined and not constructed from user input. The code interacts with environment info (Auth connector email/user ID), but these are contextually sourced. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected. The code's structure suggests it is a standard data handling module, with the potential risk mainly from the dynamic functions that evaluate user-defined formulas. There is no evidence of malicious data exfiltration or network connections beyond the expected API calls. The dynamic execution of formulas can be exploited for malicious behavior if formula content is compromised, but this alone doesn't indicate malicious intent. Overall, the code shows moderate risk due to dynamic code execution, which should be carefully monitored and validated.",
  "conclusion": "The primary concern is the use of the Function constructor to evaluate formula templates, which can execute arbitrary code if formulas are manipulated maliciously. No hardcoded secrets or network connections suggest malware. The code appears standard for form data management, but dynamic code evaluation introduces a security risk. The overall malware likelihood is low to moderate; the main issue is potential formula injection. The security risk is elevated due to dynamic evaluation but not confirmed malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 2
}