{
  "purpose": "The code defines a 'Submission' model with methods for managing form submissions, including fetching, displaying, and grouping data, primarily interacting with local and remote data sources, as well as external libraries.",
  "sources": "Data inputs come from local database queries, remote API calls via axios, and user parameters such as owner, filter, and URL. External data sources include local database methods and remote API responses.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if untrusted data from API responses or user input is improperly handled or logged. The dynamic creation of functions via 'new Function' can execute arbitrary code. Logging errors that contain sensitive info may also be risky.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data from API responses or user inputs flow into processing functions, especially into dynamically created functions ('new Function') and are used to modify or augment data objects. External API responses are flattened and mapped into internal data structures, and error handling logs are triggered upon failures.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'new Function' to dynamically execute code from data sources is a significant security concern, as it can execute malicious code if the source data is tampered with or malicious. There is extensive reliance on parsing and JSON handling that could lead to runtime errors but not necessarily malicious. No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors detected. Logging errors with potential sensitive info could be risky.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily interacts with external APIs and local storage to manage submissions. The notable security concern is the use of 'new Function' for dynamic code execution based on 'templates' retrieved from the database; this can execute arbitrary code if the template content is malicious or compromised. Other parts, such as API calls via axios, do not show suspicious domains or hardcoded secrets. Error logs may reveal internal data but do not execute code or leak information directly. No evidence of malware behaviors like network exfiltration or backdoors. The data flow is mostly controlled; however, the dynamic execution via 'new Function' is inherently risky and could be exploited if an attacker can influence the templates.",
  "conclusion": "The main security concern lies in the use of 'new Function' with code from database templates, which can execute arbitrary code and pose a serious security risk. Other aspects appear standard for data management and API interaction, with no clear signs of malware or malicious intent. The code's overall security risk is moderate but elevated due to dynamic code execution. Caution is advised if template sources can be influenced externally.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 3
}