{
  "purpose": "The code manages submission data, including retrieval, filtering, grouping, and displaying data from local and remote sources, with additional support for parallel surveys and templates.",
  "sources": "Data is read from local database (`this.local()`), remote API calls (`axios.get`, `this.remote()`), and external functions (`utilities_1.default.get`, `Form_1.default.getFastTableTemplates`). Input sources include owner identifiers, URL parameters, filters, and data paths within submissions.",
  "sinks": "Potential data sinks include database updates (`await this.local().update()`), external API responses, dynamic function execution (`new Function('value', 'data', t.template)`), and console logging.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources through filtering, database queries, remote API calls, and is processed for display or grouping. Data retrieved from local/remote sources can be transformed using dynamically created functions before being returned or stored. No direct flow from untrusted input to critical sinks such as system commands or network connections is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The use of `new Function('value', 'data', t.template)` for executing dynamically created code is highly unusual and risky. This pattern allows execution of arbitrary code contained in the template strings, which could be exploited if template content is malicious or compromised. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious backdoors are detected. No obfuscated code or malware signatures are present. Usage of external libraries appears standard, and no malicious network activity is directly observable.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles data retrieval, filtering, and display logic. It dynamically executes code within templates for calculation purposes, which is inherently unsafe if the templates are untrusted. This pattern could allow injection of malicious scripts if an attacker manages to supply malicious template code. No signs of system-level malicious actions like data exfiltration, command execution, or network connections to suspicious domains are present. The dynamic code execution is the primary concern. All external calls and data manipulations are within expected behaviors for a typical application. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious payloads, but the use of `new Function()` warrants caution.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to perform standard data management tasks with an unsafe dynamic function execution pattern. While no direct malware or malicious activity is evident, the use of dynamically created functions from templates introduces a significant security risk if templates are untrusted. This pattern could potentially be exploited to execute arbitrary code, leading to malicious behavior. Overall, the code does not show evidence of active malicious intent but contains a risky practice that could be exploited.",
  "confidence": 0.7,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "report_number": 5
}