{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of matrix manipulation functions including transpose, addition, subtraction, scalar multiplication, matrix multiplication, exponentiation, determinant calculation, rank determination, adjugate, and inverse, likely intended for mathematical or computational purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads its own defined functions and parameters; no external inputs or data sources are read within this module.",
  "sinks": "No external data sinks, network calls, or file system operations are present. The code only performs in-memory matrix calculations.",
  "flows": "No untrusted data sources are fed into the functions; internal data flows are limited to matrix operations with input matrices passed as parameters.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs standard matrix operations with no evident code obfuscation, unusual language features, or dynamic code execution. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or privacy-invading behavior are apparent. The code uses standard mathematical formulas and techniques.",
  "analysis": "The code contains multiple matrix operation functions including transpose, sum, subtraction, scalar multiplication, multiplication, power, determinant, rank, adjugate, and inverse. All functions use in-memory calculations with no external interactions or hidden behaviors. The logic aligns with typical implementations of matrix algebra, with no signs of malicious code such as network access, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code structure is straightforward, with no obfuscation or dynamic evaluation. The consistent use of safe practices and absence of suspicious data handling suggests no malicious intent. Given the context, the functions are purely mathematical.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard matrix algebra utility module without any malicious behavior. It does not perform any external communication, data theft, or sabotage. No indicators of malware or security risks are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}