{
  "purpose": "Configure and run a local development server with proxy and rewrite middleware using Grunt.",
  "sources": "Reading configuration options from grunt.config('devbliss'), requiring external modules (grunt-connect-rewrite, grunt-contrib-connect, url, proxy-middleware), parsing URLs for proxy setup, accessing grunt.config for port and livereload options.",
  "sinks": "Proxy middleware setup forwarding to internal IPs and localhost, serving static files, potentially exposing internal services via proxy routes.",
  "flows": "Configuration options read from grunt.config; URL.parse used to obtain proxy target addresses; proxy-middleware routes traffic from '/api' and '/qtiplayer' to specified internal endpoints; rewrite rules applied; static content served from specified directories.",
  "anomalies": "Use of internal IP (172.17.42.1) as proxy target could expose internal services. No authentication or validation on proxy targets. The code is standard for dev server setup, but the presence of internal IPs and open host configuration (0.0.0.0) could pose security concerns if used outside trusted environment.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily sets up a development server with proxy middleware pointing to internal IP addresses and localhost, using well-known modules. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are visible. Proxy routes '/api' and '/qtiplayer' forward to internal services, which might be unintended if exposed publicly. The server listens on '0.0.0.0', making it accessible externally, which is typical for development but risky if misused. The code structure is typical; no obfuscated or malicious code detected. No data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious behaviors observed. The code relies on standard modules and patterns for dev setup.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a development server configuration with internal proxies and static serving. While no malicious intent is evident, the configuration could expose internal services if deployed in an insecure environment. No malware or malicious behavior detected, but security implications depend on deployment context.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 1
}