{
  "purpose": "This module re-exports multiple components from local files for use in a larger JavaScript project, likely related to UI components or utilities.",
  "sources": "The code reads module imports via require() statements and accesses the default exports of various component files. It does not read external user input or environment variables.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present that process untrusted data or lead to data leaks. The code only performs module export setup.",
  "flows": "The code primarily assigns imported components to exports, with no complex data flow, input handling, or data transformation.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard index or barrel file for organizing exports. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The use of 'require' for static module imports is typical. The only potentially suspicious element is the inclusion of a Less stylesheet, but this is standard in frontend component libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with strict mode enforcement and imports a polyfill from 'core-js', which is common for compatibility. It then defines multiple exports with getter functions returning default imports from component files. The import statements are straightforward, importing components like buttons, inputs, modals, and others from local paths. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or environment variable access is observed. The style import at the end is standard for component styling. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious logic. Overall, this appears to be boilerplate module export code for a component library.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard module index file that re-exports various components for use in other parts of an application. It contains no malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code is well-structured, and there is no evidence of suspicious or malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}