{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript module for dynamically creating and injecting CSS styles and keyframes into the document, likely for styling components or elements programmatically.",
  "sources": "Reads document.head to append a <style> element; processes style rules and keyframes passed as arguments to generate CSS rules.",
  "sinks": "Injects generated CSS rules into the document's stylesheet; potentially susceptible if malicious input is provided, but no direct data leaks or network activity observed.",
  "flows": "Input style definitions and keyframes -> Processing functions generate CSS rules -> Injected into stylesheet via insertRule()",
  "anomalies": "Code is heavily minified or compressed, making variable names obscure; no explicit hardcoded secrets, credentials, or network activity; use of dynamic rule creation is standard for styling libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a style element and a stylesheet object, then provides functions to generate unique class names and insert CSS rules. It handles @-rules and nested styles, indicating a styling utility. No signs of data exfiltration, network activity, or malicious behavior. The obfuscation appears to stem from minification rather than malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious patterns are present. The module appears to be a typical CSS-in-JS styling utility.\n\nThe functions are designed to generate class names and insert CSS rules dynamically, which is common in styling libraries like styled-components or similar tools. There are no suspicious external calls, no network activity, and no code that would send data outside the environment.\n\nThe code is compact and uses pattern-matching for CSS syntax, which might seem complex, but it aligns with normal dynamic style generation. Therefore, the code is unlikely to be malicious.\n",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a CSS-in-JS styling utility, dynamically creating and inserting CSS rules. It contains no malicious behavior, network activity, or security risks. Its obfuscated appearance is due to minification. Overall, it is a benign styling module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.7,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}