{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript class for Kumaraswamy's distribution with methods to compute its statistical properties and distribution functions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from parameters 'a', 'b', and function arguments for distribution calculations; it also requires external modules such as '@stdlib/stats-base-dists-kumaraswamy-*', '@stdlib/utils-define-property', and '@stdlib/string-format'.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any output sinks like network requests, file operations, or data exfiltration. It solely performs mathematical computations and property definitions.",
  "flows": "Input parameters 'a' and 'b' are set during object instantiation or via setters; distribution functions utilize these parameters to process inputs (e.g., x, p) to produce distribution outputs, but no data flows outside the module's scope.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious behavior detected. The code adheres to typical statistical distribution class design. The extensive use of external modules is standard for this context. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a distribution class with properties and methods to evaluate distribution functions, statistical measures, and their getters/setters. It validates parameters for positivity, throws appropriate errors, and defines properties with accessors. No code executes outside mathematical functions, no network or file operations, no dynamic code execution or obfuscation. All external modules are standard for statistical calculations. No anomalies or malicious patterns identified.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a standard implementation of a statistical distribution class with no malicious intent or security risks. It performs statistical computations safely and uses well-defined external libraries. There is no evidence of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}