{
  "purpose": "This code provides a comprehensive set of Vue.js components for data filtering, display, and interaction, including filters, tables, pagination, toasts, and reference table handling, intended for a data explorer or management interface.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from component props such as 'value', 'filters', 'entities', 'data', 'metadata', and user interactions like clicks and form inputs. It also calls external methods like 'filter.options()' and emits events such as 'input', 'sort', 'toggleSelectedItemsHandler', and 'update'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include event emissions ('input', 'sort', 'toggleSelectedItemsHandler', 'update') that can influence parent components, DOM manipulations (click handlers, dynamic class bindings), and modal or toast displays. There are no direct network calls or system modifications present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs or external props into component states, then propagates via emitted events to parent components. Filtering functions manipulate options and selections, with async calls to 'filter.options()'. User interactions trigger event emissions that can alter parent data models. No external network or system commands are executed.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors identified. The code appears to be standard Vue.js component implementations for a UI library, with proper event handling and no signs of hidden or obfuscated code. No unusual data leaks or privacy violations are detected. No dynamic code execution or system access functions are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of Vue.js component definitions that implement UI elements for filtering, displaying, and managing data tables, toasts, and references. It utilizes standard Vue patterns, asynchronous data fetching, event-driven updates, and dynamic rendering. No network communication beyond typical front-end interactions is found. The code structure and comments indicate intention for data exploration features, with no indications of malicious payloads or sabotage. The only dynamic functions are related to UI updates, event emissions, and state management, which are typical for Vue components.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, well-structured Vue.js component library for a data exploration interface. No malicious behaviors, sabotage, or malware signals are detected. It functions as intended for front-end data filtering and display without external harmful effects.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}