{
  "purpose": "This code defines a collection of Vue.js components for a data explorer interface, including filters, tables, pagination, toasts, and display components. It appears intended for building a rich, interactive data table with filtering, sorting, and visualizations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data via component props such as 'value', 'filters', 'entities', 'data', 'metadata', and user interactions (clicks, input events). It also loads external data asynchronously via options functions and emits events to update parent components.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include emitting 'input' events with potentially modified data, calling external functions (e.g., filter.options()), DOM interactions (clicks, toggles), and emitting events such as 'sort', 'toggleSelectedItemsHandler'. These are typical in Vue components and not inherently malicious.",
  "flows": "Data flows from parent components into props, user actions trigger methods that emit events or update local state, and external functions (like options) are called asynchronously to load data. Emitted events like 'input', 'sort', and 'toggleSelectedItemsHandler' propagate changes upward.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are evident. There are no obfuscated code segments, eval calls, or dynamic code execution. The code structure follows standard Vue.js component patterns. No network calls are directly coded, nor system-level file or process manipulations are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is extensive but consists mainly of Vue.js component definitions with typical props, data, computed properties, methods, and templates. It handles filtering, display, sorting, pagination, and user interactions without executing or embedding malicious logic. The asynchronous data loading via filter options functions is standard. Event handling, data flows, and DOM manipulations are typical for frontend Vue components. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, system commands, or hidden network activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate component library designed for a data explorer interface. It follows best practices, does not contain suspicious patterns, and lacks signs of malware or security risks. The overall security risk is minimal, with no malicious intent detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}