{
  "purpose": "The code is a collection of Vue.js component definitions for a data explorer or table-based interface, including filters, display components, pagination, and notifications.",
  "sources": "Components include props receiving data from parent components, event emitters for user interactions, and internal data properties. Data flows from parent to child via props and from child to parent via emitted events.",
  "sinks": "Event emitters such as '$emit('input', ...)', direct DOM manipulations (e.g., clicking buttons or checkboxes), and method calls that may trigger UI updates or network requests. Notably, components handling external data (options functions, API calls) do not directly perform network operations but rely on passed functions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props into component state, user interactions trigger methods that emit events to parent components, which in turn can update data passed down. No explicit insecure data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard Vue.js component implementations with no suspicious or malicious code patterns. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network calls. No use of eval, new Function, or dynamic code execution. No suspicious string concatenations or obfuscated code. Some comments are placeholders or minimal, but nothing suspicious. No external dependencies appear to be malicious or suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The components are well-structured Vue.js components designed for filtering, displaying data, and UI interactions. They utilize standard patterns like props, data, computed properties, watchers, event emitters, and component composition. There are no indications of malware such as data exfiltration, remote code execution, or malicious network activity. The code does not contain hardcoded secrets or credentials. External functions like 'filter.options()' are expected to be passed in; their security depends on the parent implementation, but the components themselves do not perform unsafe operations. The inclusion of event buses and modal dialogs are typical Vue patterns. The code is not minified or obfuscated, and no unusual language features are used.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a set of Vue.js components for a data filtering and display interface, with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It follows standard practices without hidden or dangerous operations. All data flows are explicit and controlled via props and events. Based on the provided code, the supply chain seems secure.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}