{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of Vue.js components for a data explorer UI, including filters, tables, toasts, and display elements, supporting dynamic and interactive data presentation.",
  "sources": "Sources include props (user-provided data such as 'value', 'filters', 'entities', 'metadata'), event emissions (e.g., 'input', 'sort', 'toggleSelectedItemsHandler'), and external functions (e.g., filter options, callbacks).",
  "sinks": "Sinks involve event handlers that modify data models, DOM manipulations for displaying data, and network calls in external functions. No explicit network or file system sinks are present. No eval, new Function, or similar dynamic code execution detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props into component state, with user interactions triggering events that propagate data changes upward via $emit. No suspicious data flow paths are evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard Vue.js component definitions with typical props, methods, and templates. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. No obfuscated or minified code with malicious intent. No external network requests or code injection points observed.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically defines Vue components for filters, tables, display elements, and toasters, following standard practices. The absence of eval, dynamic Function constructors, or suspicious network calls indicates no malicious code. Event emissions are typical for Vue.js component communication. The code is structured, with no anomalous or hidden behaviors. There are no signs of malware, such as data exfiltration, system command execution, or backdoors. External functions like 'filter.options()' are expected to be supplied by trusted external code. Overall, the code is a conventional Vue.js component library for data exploration with no malicious indicators.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a Vue.js component library for data filtering, display, and interaction, implemented with standard patterns. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are detected based on static analysis. It appears safe for use in production environments.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}