{
  "purpose": "The code defines classes and functions for handling rational numbers, fractions, fixed-point numbers, and their operations, likely for mathematical or computational purposes within a larger application.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input parameters to functions and constructors, including user inputs, strings, and numeric values passed to methods like 'from', 'add', 'sub', etc.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flow occurs when parsing inputs (e.g., 'from', 'parse_fraction', 'parse_fixed_point') and converting to string representations or performing arithmetic operations, which could lead to injection or incorrect data handling if inputs are malicious.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from parsing functions ('_parse_fraction', '_parse_fixed_point', 'from') through arithmetic and comparison methods ('add', 'sub', 'mul', 'div', 'cmp') to output functions like 'toString' or 'stringify_fixed_point'. No network or system interactions are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex mathematical operations with strict input handling, no evident hardcoded secrets or credentials. It employs modular and clean design. No suspicious obfuscated or malicious code is detected. The use of error handling is standard. The code appears purely mathematical.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes mathematical classes and functions for rational, fixed-point, and fractional number manipulations, with proper input validation and error handling. It includes methods for basic arithmetic, comparison, negation, inversion, and string conversion, all within mathematical contexts. No external network, system modifications, or hidden behaviors are detected. The parsing functions handle string inputs for fractions and fixed-point numbers, which could potentially be exploited if user inputs are malicious, but this is typical for such mathematical libraries. There are no signs of code injection, backdoors, or privacy leaks. The structure and variable naming are clear and conventional. No obfuscation or malware-like patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical library for rational and fixed-point number manipulation with standard input parsing, arithmetic, and comparison methods. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are identified. It appears to be a legitimate, well-structured numeric utility module.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}