{
  "purpose": "The code defines a mathematical library for rational numbers, including operations like addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and parsing of fixed point and fractional representations. It appears to facilitate rational number arithmetic and conversion between different formats.",
  "sources": "Imports from external modules such as '@aureooms/js-integer-big-endian', '@aureooms/js-integer', '@aureooms/js-error', '@aureooms/js-prime', '@aureooms/js-number', '@aureooms/js-rational. These are external dependencies used for integer operations, error handling, prime factorization, number manipulation, and rational number calculations.",
  "sinks": "Method calls on imported modules (e.g., s(), u(), p(), f(), c(), l(), g(), w(), _, b(), v(), y()) that perform numerical operations, parsing, and stringification. No network, file, or environment variable access is present in this code.",
  "flows": "The code primarily flows through mathematical operation methods (add, sub, mul, div, pow) and parsing functions, with internal data flows between these functions and class methods, and between external dependencies for numerical processing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks are evident. The code primarily performs mathematical operations and conversions. No obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or system access appears to be embedded.",
  "analysis": "The code is a mathematical library that handles rational numbers with precise arithmetic. It imports several modules for handling integers, errors, primes, and number operations. The main functions create rational number objects, parse string inputs, and perform arithmetic. No code shows signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious system calls. The code appears clean and standard for mathematical computation libraries. No obfuscation techniques, such as minification or unusual syntax, are used maliciously. The code does not access or modify environment variables, perform network communication, or write to system files. The internal logic focuses on rational number arithmetic, parsing, and string formatting.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a mathematical library for rational number operations with no indications of malicious intent. It relies solely on external numerical modules and performs standard calculations and parsing. There are no signs of malware, sabotage, or security risks within the analyzed fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}