{
  "purpose": "The code configures a Grunt build system for processing, linting, concatenating, minifying, and copying JavaScript and CSS assets for a project.",
  "sources": "Reads from 'package.json', JavaScript source files in 'src/' directory, CSS files in 'src/', and file system operations like reading 'header.js' for banners.",
  "sinks": "File writing operations for concatenated, minified, and processed assets, including CSS and JS files in 'dist/' directory.",
  "flows": "Sources (source files, package info, header banner) flow into processing tasks like linting, bundling, concatenation, minification, CSS processing, and copying to output directories.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code. The code mainly loads various Grunt plugins and configures build tasks. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or obfuscated code observed. The 'grunt.loadNpmTasks' calls load dependencies; no suspicious modules are loaded. The 'header.js' file is read for banners, which is normal. No unusual patterns or secrets detected.",
  "analysis": "The script is a typical build configuration file for Grunt, setting up multiple build steps for JavaScript and CSS assets. It loads various Grunt plugins to automate tasks like linting, bundling, minifying, and copying files. No code injection, network operations, or hidden behaviors are present. The configuration targets specific source files and output destinations, with no indication of malicious intent. The use of standard plugins and straightforward file operations suggest this is a legitimate build setup. The absence of any code that reads environment variables, performs network requests, or includes obfuscated or dynamic code indicates low risk.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard Grunt build configuration without signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs typical project build tasks with no suspicious or malicious patterns detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}