{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebGL-based interactive panoramic viewer component ('little-planet') that loads images, renders spherical or planar projections, and handles user interactions such as pointer and wheel events.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from image sources (via loadImage), pointer events (pointerdown, pointermove, pointerup), wheel events, and attributes (width, height, src, mode). Also reads from WebGL context and shader source code.",
  "sinks": "Sets WebGL texture data, updates uniforms, manipulates pointer capture, and updates DOM attributes. Uses console.warn for shader compile errors, but no other data leakage sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Loads image source -> creates textures -> updates camera and projection parameters based on user input -> renders scene via WebGL calls. User interactions (pointer/mouse) influence camera orientation and FOV. No evidence of data being transmitted over network or to external domains.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code. Shader code appears to perform normal spherical and panoramic projections without obfuscation. The code's structure is straightforward, utilizing standard WebGL patterns. No unusual dynamic code execution or hidden behaviors detected. Pointer distance calculation has a syntax error: 'return Math.sqrt(dx ** 2, dy ** 2);' which is invalid, but this does not relate to malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a WebGL context, compiles shaders, manages user interaction for rotating and zooming the view, and loads images for textures. All functions perform expected tasks for a WebGL viewer. The shader code implements panoramic projections using standard mathematical transformations. No malicious behavior such as network exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors is evident. The pointer distance function contains a syntax error, but it does not affect security. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious external communications are present. The code is well-structured for its purpose without obfuscated or malicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of an interactive spherical panoramic viewer using WebGL. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. The only minor concern is a syntax error in the pointerDistance function, which is unlikely to be exploitable or malicious. Overall, the package seems safe and purposeful.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}