{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebGL-based interactive viewer for panoramic images, supporting modes like 'planet' and 'pano'. It loads images, creates textures, handles user interactions, and renders spherical projections.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from image sources specified via URLs ('src' attribute) and user pointer events (pointer down, move, wheel). It also reads HTML attributes such as 'width', 'height', 'mode', and 'src'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include WebGL texture creation and shader uniform updates, but these are used for rendering and do not process untrusted data in a dangerous way. No unsafe network or system commands are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from image source URLs into image objects, which are then processed into textures. User interactions modify camera parameters, which are used to update shader uniforms during rendering. No untrusted data flows directly into dangerous system functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. All logic appears consistent with a standard WebGL image viewer. The only potentially unusual aspect is the dynamic loading and texture creation, which is standard for such applications.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes WebGL context, compiles shaders, creates textures from images, and manages camera controls based on user input. It uses standard WebGL practices and handles image loading asynchronously. No code injection, system modifications, or network communications beyond image loading are detected. No suspicious behaviors like data exfiltration or malicious modifications are present. The functions serve to render panoramic images interactively and do not contain hidden or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation of a WebGL-based panoramic viewer with user interaction handling. There are no indications of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It appears safe and aligned with its intended purpose of displaying panoramic images. The security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}