{
  "purpose": "This code provides plugins and utility functions for integrating Vite with Vercel, including SSR, ISR, prerendering, static asset copying, and route handling for a static site generation framework.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration objects, file system operations (fs.promises), path manipulations, cryptographic random byte generation, and module imports.",
  "sinks": "File reading and writing, directory copying, dynamic route generation, and cryptographic functions. Notably, cryptographic functions generate IDs, but do not send or leak data.",
  "flows": "Configuration and setup data flow through plugin hooks and utility functions, involving reading files, copying directories, generating route patterns, and creating IDs. No untrusted external data or network interactions are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. Usage of crypto for secure ID generation is standard. No obfuscated or unusual code structures beyond typical module pattern. No data exfiltration, network connections, or reverse shells are present. The code performs legitimate build-time tasks without suspicious side effects.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily plugin and utility code for build-time static site generation and serverless function setup with Vite and Vercel. It uses cryptographically secure random bytes for ID generation (nanoid), filesystem operations for copying and reading files, and route regex generation. All code appears to be legitimate, with no indicators of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. No external data sources are accessed, no sensitive information is leaked, and no suspicious network activity is present. The code adheres to standard practices and does not exhibit obfuscation or hidden backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is safe and performs intended build and deployment tasks for Vite and Vercel integration. There are no signs of malicious behavior or security risks in this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}