{
  "purpose": "The code receives messages containing scripts and options, optionally wraps scripts in an async IIFE, and executes them via an external 'run' function, then sends back results or errors.",
  "sources": "The message.detail object containing 'script', 'options', and 'path'; the 'process.on' message event listener.",
  "sinks": "The 'run' function call executing the script; 'process.send' sending back results or errors.",
  "flows": "Message received -> script possibly wrapped in async IIFE -> 'run' executes script -> result or error captured -> message sent back via 'process.send'.",
  "anomalies": "No input validation or sandboxing; dynamic execution of arbitrary scripts; wrapping scripts in an async IIFE when 'globalAsync' is true.",
  "analysis": "The code is designed to execute scripts received via inter-process messages without validation or sandboxing, which is inherently risky. It allows wrapping scripts in an async IIFE, which can be used to execute asynchronous code. The external 'run' function executes the script, and results or errors are sent back through 'process.send'. There is no obfuscation or malicious code embedded within this fragment. The primary concern is the potential for malicious scripts to perform harmful actions if the source is untrusted. The code itself does not contain malware, but it facilitates executing malicious payloads. The lack of sandboxing or validation makes it highly dangerous if used with untrusted input.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a high-risk dynamic script executor that can run arbitrary code received from external sources. While it does not contain active malware, its capability to execute untrusted scripts makes it inherently dangerous. The risk is primarily due to the absence of validation, sanitization, or sandboxing, which could lead to severe security issues if exploited. The malware score should be set to reflect potential malicious activity, and the security risk score should be high. Overall, this code should be used with extreme caution, and proper safeguards are necessary to mitigate risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.7,
  "securityRisk": 0.8,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}