{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive collection of React components, styled-components, SVG icons, theme definitions, and utility functions for building a React-based UI framework. It facilitates navigation, input controls, buttons, icons, and layout components for a web application.",
  "sources": "Sources include external libraries such as 'react', 'styled-components', 'react-select', 'ramda', 'react-select/async', 'react-select/creatable', and 'react-is'. Internal code reads input props, manages state, renders SVG icons, and performs styling. No explicit external input reads or data sinks are apparent.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include event handlers (onClick, onChange, onFocus, onBlur) and component props that could pass untrusted data. However, there is no evidence of data leaks, network requests, or code injection. SVG icons are static, and styling is confined within styled-components. No unsafe eval, dynamic code execution, or system calls are present.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows indicating malicious exploitation. The code primarily manages component rendering, styles, and interactions without passing untrusted data to sensitive APIs or executing code based on external inputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code is extensive but follows standard React, SVG, and styled-components patterns. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are detected. No obfuscation or unusual language features are present. The imported SVG assets and components are static and do not perform any hidden or malicious actions. External dependencies are well-known libraries with no suspicious behavior. The theme object is purely styling-related.",
  "analysis": "The code assembles a React UI framework with various components, including navigation, buttons, icons, inputs, and layout elements. It imports common libraries such as React, styled-components, react-select, and ramda, all of which are standard. SVG icons are defined as React components with static paths; no dynamic or executable code is embedded within them. Utility functions perform straightforward object merging, type checking, and event handling. There are no network requests, data leaks, or code evaluations. The code does not handle untrusted input in a manner that would lead to security vulnerabilities or malicious behavior. Overall, the code appears to be a typical UI library implementation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard React-based UI component library with static assets and styling. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are evident. It does not include any code that could be used for malware or data exfiltration. The code is well-structured and adheres to common development patterns, indicating a low likelihood of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}