{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive set of React and styled-components UI components, icons, and utility functions for building a web application's interface, including navigation, buttons, forms, and icons.",
  "sources": "Reads include require() calls for external libraries (react, styled-components, ramda, react-select, react-select/async, react-select/creatable, react-is), inline SVG icon definitions, and theme configuration objects.",
  "sinks": "Potentially risky areas include dynamic SVG elements, theme merging, and any external input handling (though no explicit input parsing or network calls are present). The code does not perform network requests, file system access, or command execution.",
  "flows": "Code primarily defines static components and theme configurations without runtime data flow from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks. No data flow from external inputs to critical functions or network actions is detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are present. The SVG icons are static, and no dynamic code evaluation, network communication, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. The only external dependencies are required libraries, which are standard for React projects.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of React component definitions, styled-components styling, and icon SVGs. No eval(), Function constructor, or dynamic script execution is present. No suspicious string manipulations, obfuscation, or code that could hide malicious behavior is identified. Theme configurations and component structures are typical of UI libraries. No unusual patterns, hidden network calls, or system interactions are detected. All code appears to be purely frontend UI component code, with no signs of malicious activity or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard React UI component library, including styled-components and SVG icons, with no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It is safe for use from a security standpoint based on this review.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}