{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a set of React components, styled-components, icons, and utility functions for a UI library or application, including buttons, navigation, icons, and other UI elements.",
  "sources": "Sources include various require statements for libraries (react, styled-components, react-select, ramda, react-swipes), inline SVG icon components, and styled-component definitions. The code also reads window properties and document methods for event handling and element referencing.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include event handlers (onClick, onFocus, onBlur), direct DOM manipulations, window/document property access, and network calls (though none are explicitly visible). The code mostly handles UI rendering and event management.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input components (props, state, event handlers) to rendering and event responses. There are source-to-sink paths such as event handlers updating state or triggering callbacks, styled-components applying styles based on props, and React components passing data via props. No suspicious data transmission or external calls are apparent.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are detected. SVG icons are standard, and dependency imports are normal. The code for window and document mocks is benign, possibly for server-side rendering. No obfuscation, misleading variable names, or suspicious dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of React component definitions, styled-components, icon components, and utility functions. It uses standard React patterns, including hooks, event handlers, and context providers. No indications of malicious behavior such as network requests to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors are found. The presence of mocks for window and document objects suggests considerations for SSR or environments without DOM, not malicious intent. The SVG icon definitions are standard icons, and dependency usage is typical for a React UI library. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate UI code with no malicious or sabotage elements.",
  "conclusion": "The reviewed code is a comprehensive set of React UI components, icons, and styling utilities. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It mainly provides UI elements and state management for a React application. No external communication, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities are detected within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}