{
  "purpose": "This code primarily consists of React components, styled-components definitions, icon SVGs, and some utility functions for building a UI library. It provides various UI elements like buttons, icons, navigation components, and select inputs.",
  "sources": "Data read from imported modules such as 'react', 'styled-components', 'ramda', 'react-select', and 'react-select/async'. It also reads component props and internal state variables. No external data inputs are processed directly within this module.",
  "sinks": "Render functions that output React elements and SVG icons. No sinks are present that process or output untrusted data or external network requests.",
  "flows": "Data flows from module imports into React component definitions and styled components. Internal state management (useState, useEffect) handles UI state. No source-to-sink data flow involving untrusted external data or network requests is observable.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hard-coded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. The code includes extensive UI component definitions and SVG icons, with no dynamic code execution or obfuscated patterns. No anomalies or unusual code behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive UI component library built with React and styled-components. It includes icon SVGs, styled components, utility functions, and React components for buttons, navigation, select inputs, and messaging. No external data is fetched or processed in a malicious way. The only dynamic data flows are internal state management and prop handling, typical for React components. There are no signs of malicious behavior, code injection, or data exfiltration. The code appears to be purely for UI rendering purposes, with no network or system command execution involved.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React-based UI library with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It only constructs UI components, icons, and styles. No network activity, data leakage, or backdoors are present. Overall, it is a benign UI component module.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}