{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define a collection of React components, styled components, SVG icons, and theme configuration for a UI library or application. It includes input controls, buttons, navigation components, icons, and utility functions, mainly to build a user interface.",
  "sources": "The code reads theme data, React component props, and imports from external modules like 'react', 'styled-components', 'react-select', and 'ramda'. It also loads SVG icon data and component configuration data.",
  "sinks": "No evident sinks where untrusted data flows into potentially malicious actions. The code primarily creates UI elements without executing or injecting code or data. No network, file system, or system command operations are present.",
  "flows": "The code does not process external input data into vulnerable sinks. It sets up React components and style objects, with no dynamic execution or data flow from user input that could be exploited for malicious purposes.",
  "anomalies": "The code is extensive but predominantly consists of React component definitions, styling, SVG icons, and theme configuration. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are detected. There are no dynamic code evaluations, network operations, or file manipulations. No obfuscated or minified malicious code is present. The code does include a placeholder for window schema, but it is a static mock object, not active malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive React-based UI library, involving component creation, style definitions, icon SVGs, and theme setup. It imports external modules, uses standard React patterns, and contains no code that executes system commands, manipulates files, or communicates over the network. The presence of a mock window schema is a benign static object. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are found. The code structure and content are typical for a component library, with no suspicious or malicious patterns detected.",
  "conclusion": "There are no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks in this code. It functions as a React UI component library with styled components, SVG icons, and theme configuration. No malicious signals, data leaks, or sabotage code are present. The code appears safe and primarily intended for interface building.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}