{
  "purpose": "This code implements a CSS selector analysis and cleaning tool, counting selectors, simple selectors, and performing cleaning operations on CSS tokens for optimization or analysis purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads input CSS token arrays, particularly during the 'count' method, and uses external modules 'util.js' and 'translator.js' for processing.",
  "sinks": "Uses external modules 'cleanInfo' and 'translator' which could potentially process untrusted data, but their implementation is not provided. No other direct data sinks detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input tree through injection, walking, and processing functions, ultimately leading to counting or cleaning functions. External modules are invoked to process token data.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears structured for CSS token parsing and cleaning with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code. Use of external modules 'util.js' and 'translator.js' introduces external dependencies but not inherently malicious. No evidence of obfuscation or malicious code injection.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a structured CSS token analysis framework with functions for initializing rules, processing tokens, cleaning comments and whitespace, and counting selectors. It utilizes external modules, but their contents are unknown. The functions perform expected operations related to CSS token manipulation without any suspicious behavior. No network activity, system modification, or hidden behaviors detected. The code is complex but appears to be a legitimate CSS analysis tool, not malware. External dependencies are standard for such tools and do not show signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a CSS token analysis and cleaning library without evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. External modules are used for processing but their code is unknown, which slightly reduces confidence but does not suggest malicious behavior. Overall, the code appears safe with no high-risk security issues.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}