{
  "purpose": "The code constructs an SVG path string from an array of command objects, converting each command into its corresponding SVG path syntax.",
  "sources": "The code reads command objects from an array passed into the 'build' function. These commands are expected to be objects with properties such as 'code', 'x', 'y', 'x1', 'y1', 'x2', 'y2', 'rx', 'ry', 'xAxisRotation', 'largeArc', and 'sweep'. The input source is external but provided in a controlled format.",
  "sinks": "The resulting SVG path string is generated and returned by the 'build' function. No external sink directly consumes untrusted data within this code; however, the output is meant to be used as an SVG path, which could be rendered or embedded elsewhere.",
  "flows": "Input command objects flow through the 'handleCommand' function, where each command's properties are formatted into SVG path syntax. These formatted strings are concatenated to produce the final path string. There are no external data flows beyond the input array and output string.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not perform any network operations, system calls, or data storage. It only processes objects to create a string. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No dynamic execution or eval statements are used. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscated or malicious-looking constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically converts an array of path command objects into an SVG path string, using standard SVG syntax. The logic handles relative and absolute commands, including various path commands (M, L, V, H, C, S, Q, T, A, Z). It appends commands in sequence, respecting previous commands for shorthand syntax. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or network activity. The only concern could be if untrusted data is supplied as commands, but the code itself does not process or transmit data insecurely; it simply formats and returns a string.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility for building SVG path strings from command objects. It contains no malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The implementation appears to be safe and straightforward, intended for rendering SVG graphics based on supplied commands.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}