{
  "purpose": "The code defines a request-based AWS API Gateway authorizer that verifies requests using Google's reCaptcha API, specifically integrating with AWS CDK to set up the authorizer and related Lambda functions.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables for reCaptcha secret key and allowed actions, reads input headers ('X-reCAPTCHA-Token') from incoming requests, reads properties passed during class instantiation, and reads configuration from imported modules.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous sinks include environment variables (SECRET_KEY_TYPE, allowedActions), which could leak sensitive info if exposed; the Lambda function invocation which could process untrusted input; and grantRead method on reCaptcha secret key object which could expose secret data if misused.",
  "flows": "Untrusted request header 'X-reCAPTCHA-Token' flows into the authorizer for validation, and environment variables and parameters flow into the Lambda function for processing. The Lambda function can access secrets and configuration set during setup.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. Environment variables are used for secrets, which is standard. The code contains a comment about 'checking' the request token but only performs a straightforward environment setup and function creation. No obfuscated code, no unusual dynamic execution, no hidden backdoors. The grantRead method is called conditionally, which is normal for secret handling.",
  "analysis": "The code implements an AWS CDK construct for a reCaptcha authorizer, validating the score threshold and setting up a Lambda function with environment variables. It interfaces with AWS SDKs and sets up request-based authorization. No malicious code or suspicious logic is present. The token validation occurs outside this snippet (likely in the Lambda). No hardcoded secrets or dangerous behaviors are visible. The use of environment variables and grantRead for secrets is standard. The code structure and comments suggest a typical setup for secure request validation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of an AWS API Gateway authorizer with reCaptcha integration using AWS CDK. There are no signs of malicious behavior or malware. The use of environment variables for secrets is normal, and no suspicious data leaks or backdoors are apparent. The overall security risk appears low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}