{
  "purpose": "This source code defines a request-based AWS API Gateway authorizer that utilizes Google's reCaptcha API to verify requests, specifically for protecting API endpoints.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (reCaptcha secret key, allowed actions, score threshold) during environment setup in the Node.js Lambda function. It also reads input from the 'X-reCAPTCHA-Token' header in incoming requests.",
  "sinks": "The untrusted data (reCaptcha token) is passed as an identity source to the authorizer, which then likely verifies this token within the Lambda function. The code constructs environment variables for the Lambda, which may include sensitive info like secret keys, but the actual verification logic is not included here.",
  "flows": "The code takes the reCaptcha token from request headers, uses environment variables and configuration to instantiate a Lambda authorizer, and passes the token as an identity source for request validation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are visible; environment variables are used for secrets. The code performs validation on the score threshold. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation observed. The environment setup, including granting read permission to the secret key, appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class for a custom API Gateway authorizer that uses a Lambda function to validate reCaptcha tokens. It carefully manages configuration such as score thresholds and environment variables. The Lambda function environment includes secret keys and allowed actions, which is standard. The authorizer attaches the token from the header 'X-reCAPTCHA-Token'. No malicious or suspicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity is apparent. The code relies on external verification logic within the Lambda, which is not shown but assumed to be standard. No obfuscation, code injection, or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to implement a legitimate reCaptcha-based request authorization mechanism for AWS API Gateway. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. The security risks are minimal and typical for this pattern. No anomalies or suspicious activities are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}