{
  "purpose": "The code creates a database adapter for interacting with a PostgreSQL database via Supabase, providing functions to manage users, sessions, and keys, primarily for authentication and session handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads configuration data from input parameters (`url`, `secret`), and interacts with the database through the `supabase` client, making queries and updates to various tables ('user', 'session', 'key').",
  "sinks": "The code performs database operations such as inserting, updating, deleting, and selecting data. Sinks include database query methods (`from().select()`, `.insert()`, `.update()`, `.delete()`), which handle potentially untrusted data in attributes and parameters.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (`url`, `secret`, user data, session data, key data) flow into the creation of the `supabase` client. Data from external sources (e.g., user IDs, session IDs, keys) flow into database queries via the adapter functions, which then perform actions such as retrieving user/session info, or modifying records. The flow is primarily data retrieval and manipulation through database queries.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are evident, which is good. No evidence of obfuscated code or hidden dynamic code execution. No suspicious or malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system commands, or unauthorized network activity. Error handling seems appropriate, converting database errors into thrown exceptions. The code appears straightforward and consistent with standard database adapter implementations.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a `PostgrestClient` with supplied URL and secret, then defines various asynchronous functions to interact with database tables for users, sessions, and keys. It handles typical CRUD operations with proper error checks and custom error throws for specific database constraints. No suspicious data flow or anomalies like hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious network activity are detected. The structure is typical for a database abstraction layer. The functions perform expected operations with standard query patterns. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or data leaks. Error handling correctly throws errors, avoiding silent failures. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate database adapter without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a database adapter for user, session, and key management using Supabase. It handles data securely without evident malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity. It does not contain obfuscation or malware indicators. The logic and data flows are consistent with normal application practices, with appropriate error handling. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}