{
  "purpose": "Constructs a complex Web Audio API synthesizer with multiple oscillators, filters, delays, distortions, and ADSR envelope controls, intended for sound generation and manipulation.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameters from 'opts', 'ac', and uses Math.random() for detuning and filter detune values.",
  "sinks": "Connects audio nodes to an output volume node, which can be connected externally; controls oscillator frequencies, filter cutoff frequencies, and envelope parameters.",
  "flows": "Oscillators connect to delays and filters; filtered signals connect to gain nodes and distortions; distortions connect to a final volume node; update method modifies parameters based on input options.",
  "anomalies": "Extensive use of Math.random() for detuning and filter detune, which introduces unpredictability but is common in sound design; playful comments and console logs; no network activity or obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a legitimate, complex sound synthesis module utilizing Web Audio API features. It employs multiple oscillators with random detuning for variation, connected through filters, delays, and distortions, culminating in a volume node. No malicious behavior, external data leaks, or obfuscation are present. Comments are informal but benign. The use of Math.random() is standard for creating variation in sound but could lead to unpredictable audio output. Dependencies are standard modules for distortion curves, MIDI utilities, and ADSR envelopes. The code structure is clear, and the logic aligns with typical audio synthesis practices. No signs of malware, network activity, or malicious intent are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, complex Web Audio API synthesizer designed for sound generation. It does not contain malicious code, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities. The use of randomness is typical in audio applications and does not indicate malicious intent. The scores from the reports (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, security risk: ~0.1-0.2) are appropriate. Overall, the code is safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.15,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}