{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be an animation utility function that manipulates object properties over time, providing controls such as play, pause, restart, reverse, and progress. It facilitates animated transitions for objects with customizable parameters.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the input 'object' and 'extra' parameters, as well as from internal variables like 'values' and 'initial'. It also reads timing information from Date.now() and parameters such as 'total' and 'repeat'.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially be written into 'object' properties during animation, but this is part of normal operation. No external sinks or data exfiltration points are evident. No network operations, file writes, or sensitive data handling are present.",
  "flows": "Input data ('object', 'extra', parameters) flows into internal configuration ('values', 'initial', 'final'). The 'seek' function updates 'object' properties based on 'time' and 'ease'. The 'run' function manages animation frames, controlling flow over time. User controls (play, pause, restart, etc.) influence the flow of the animation state.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, such as dynamic code execution, obfuscated segments, or hidden network activities, are present. The code uses straightforward JavaScript features, with no signs of malicious tampering or unusual behavior. The 'ease' function is a typical easing function, and no hardcoded credentials or external calls are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard animation controller implementing frame-based property updates over time, with controls for playback, reversal, and progress. It uses 'requestAnimationFrame' for smooth animations, and manages internal state and timing. No external network calls, file operations, or suspicious logic are present. The code structure is clear and typical for animation utilities, with no obfuscation or malicious patterns identified.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign animation utility intended for smooth property transitions. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. Its purpose is to animate object properties with various controls. No security threats or malicious intent are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}