{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be an animation utility function that performs property tweening over time with controls for play, pause, restart, reverse, and progress. It manipulates object properties based on easing functions and timing parameters.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'object', 'extra' parameters, and internal variables like 'time', 'start', and 'values'. It also reads 'Date.now()' for timing and 'requestAnimationFrame' for frame updates.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to the 'object' properties during animation updates, potentially affecting the properties of the passed object. It does not write untrusted data outside the scope of animation property updates.",
  "flows": "Input data (object properties, extra values) is used to set initial and final states. During run, 'seek' computes eased values and updates the object properties accordingly. Control functions alter animation flow but do not involve external untrusted data sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or unusual behaviors detected. The code uses standard timing and animation techniques. No dynamic code execution, network connections, or data exfiltration observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical animation controller with functions for play, pause, restart, reverse, and progress. It reads initial property values and updates them over time according to easing functions. No external data sources or sinks pose security concerns. The use of 'requestAnimationFrame' and 'Date.now()' is standard for animations. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors detected. The code operates solely within the bounds of manipulating object properties for animation purposes.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard animation utility library with no evidence of malicious intent. It manipulates object properties for visual animations and includes typical controls. No malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or malware signatures are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}