{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a JavaScript animation utility function that manipulates object properties over time using easing functions, supporting playback controls such as play, pause, restart, reverse, and progress adjustment.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters (object, total, repeat, etc.), and within the 'values' object it reads key-value pairs for animation settings. It also reads from the 'extra' parameter for additional values.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include assignments to 'object[key]' during the seek() function, which updates object properties. There are no network, file system, or other external data sinks present.",
  "flows": "The data flow is from the 'values' configuration (source) to updates on 'object' properties (sink), mediated through easing calculations in seek(). The animation loop calls run(), which updates object properties repeatedly based on timing, and control functions like pause(), reverse(), etc., modify internal states.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No suspicious or obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or backdoors are detected. The ease function is a standard cubic easing function. The code is verbose but straightforward. No unusual code or hidden behaviors identified.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard animation controller, managing timing and property updates over frames with support for reversing, pausing, and repeating. It reads configuration parameters, calculates progress via easing, and updates target object properties accordingly. No external network calls, system modifications, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The use of requestAnimationFrame and timing calculations are typical for animations. All code appears legitimate and intended solely for animation purposes.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign JavaScript animation utility module. It performs property interpolations over time based on configurable parameters. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks detected. It is a straightforward implementation of animation controls without external data leaks or malicious intents.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}