{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component for rendering a customizable atomic spinner SVG animation with electrons and nucleus layers, intended for visual display purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads input through React props (e.g., size, colors, layer counts), and internal constants for SVG definitions.",
  "sinks": "The code renders SVG elements based on inputs; no data is sent externally, and there are no network requests or data leaks.",
  "flows": "User inputs via props influence the rendering parameters; these flow into SVG element creation. No external data flows or API calls are present.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a large block of Microsoft copyright and license text, which is unusual in a React component module. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are apparent. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or suspicious variable names are detected. The code appears to be a standard React SVG animation component with randomization for electron positioning.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a React component 'AtomicSpinner' that visualizes an atom with electrons and nucleus layers. It uses props with default values, generates SVG elements, and applies animations via SVG tags. There are no signs of obfuscation; the code is straightforward and uses standard React and SVG practices. The inclusion of a Microsoft license block is unusual but does not impact functionality or security. There are no network calls, data leaks, or suspicious code behaviors. The component appears designed solely for visualization purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React component for a scientific visualization with no malicious intent. It does not include malware or suspicious behavior; it simply creates animated SVG graphics based on parameters. The presence of a Microsoft license block is odd but not malicious. Overall, the code is safe.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}