{
  "purpose": "This code manages WebRTC peer connections, handling negotiation, signaling, and ICE candidate exchange between peers.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include SDP offers/answers, ICE candidates, and connection configuration via socket messages and function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include socket.send for signaling data, peer connection methods, and local/remote SDP handling, which could be exploited if input is malicious.",
  "flows": "Input data (SDP, ICE candidates) is received and processed via handleSDP and handleCandidate; these are then set as remote descriptions or added as candidates. Connection setup and negotiation flows through startConnection, _makeOffer, and _makeAnswer, with signaling messages sent over socket.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns detected. The code appears to follow standard WebRTC procedures with no suspicious dynamic execution or obfuscated code. Some commented-out code is benign and related to browser compatibility.",
  "analysis": "The code implements typical WebRTC connection management, including peer connection creation, event handling, SDP exchange, ICE candidate handling, and cleanup. It uses standard APIs and methods, with no signs of malicious data exfiltration, remote code execution, or covert signaling. The socket communication is used for signaling, which is standard. No suspicious hardcoded secrets or obscure code paths are present. The structure aligns with normal WebRTC negotiation workflows.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard WebRTC peer connection manager with no evident malicious intent or security risks. It does not perform any suspicious actions beyond typical signaling and connection management. No malware signals detected. However, proper validation of external inputs (SDP and ICE candidates) should be enforced elsewhere to ensure security.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}