{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Grunt task called 'ui-calc' that performs mathematical calculations within file content by replacing specific patterns with evaluated results.",
  "sources": "The code reads files specified in the task configuration via 'grunt.file.read' in the checkContent method.",
  "sinks": "The code writes modified content back to files using 'grunt.file.write' after replacements are made.",
  "flows": "Input files are read, content is searched for '-ui-calc(...)-' patterns, these patterns are evaluated using 'math.eval', and the results replace the original patterns, then the files are overwritten with new content.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses 'math.eval' directly on extracted input strings without sanitization, which can execute arbitrary JavaScript expressions. No input validation or restrictions are present. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a custom Grunt task that scans specified files for patterns matching '-ui-calc(...)-'. It uses regex to locate these patterns and replaces each with the evaluated mathematical result via 'mathjs'. The use of 'math.eval' directly on input is risky because it can execute arbitrary code if the input is manipulated maliciously. However, the code does not appear to intentionally perform malicious actions such as network requests or system modifications. It functions solely as a calculator within file content. No obfuscated or suspicious code segments detected. The package depends on standard libraries ('replace-in-file', 'mathjs') and performs typical file read/write operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward Grunt task for in-file calculations. Although it evaluates expressions directly with 'math.eval'—which could be exploited if input is controlled—there is no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware in this snippet. The primary concern is the potential for arbitrary code execution if input is manipulated maliciously, but this does not constitute malware or malicious behavior by itself.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 5
}