{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Grunt task 'ui-calc' that searches for specific patterns in files and replaces them with calculated floor values, effectively performing inline mathematical computations within files.",
  "sources": "File contents read via 'grunt.file.read' in 'checkContent' method, with pattern matching using regex /-ui-calc\\((.*?)\\)-/ig.",
  "sinks": "The 'math.eval' function evaluates the extracted string expression; the result replaces the pattern in the file. No external data sink or network activity is present.",
  "flows": "Pattern match '-ui-calc(expression)-' -> 'math.eval(expression)' -> 'math.floor(result)' -> file write with replaced content.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are observed. Usage of 'mathjs' for evaluation is standard, but it evaluates arbitrary input. No external network calls, no system modifications, or data leaks are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a simple inline calculator by replacing patterns in files with their evaluated integer results. It reads file contents, searches for '-ui-calc(...) -' patterns, evaluates the expression inside using 'math.eval', floors the result, and writes the updated content back. No malicious code, network activity, or suspicious data handling is present. Use of 'math.eval' could be risky if untrusted input is embedded within files, as it may evaluate malicious expressions if an attacker has control over the input files. However, in typical use, this is a safe pattern for controlled build processes.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a legitimate build utility for inline calculations within files. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security vulnerabilities in this code segment. The primary concern is the potential for evaluation of untrusted input, which could lead to arbitrary code execution if the input files are compromised.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}