{
  "purpose": "This code defines a ProcessingService class that acts as a wrapper around an underlying spatial analysis API (CommonProcessingService). It provides methods for managing various spatial analysis jobs, including parameter normalization and delegation to network requests.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters for analysis jobs, such as IDs, options, and geometries, primarily within the _processParams method, which transforms bounds and geometries using utility functions.",
  "sinks": "The code delegates network requests to the underlying service; untrusted data flows are limited to input parameters and IDs passed into methods, which are processed but not directly executed or stored.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (bounds, geometries, IDs) are processed via _processParams, then passed to the underlying service methods. Callbacks or promises handle asynchronous responses from network requests.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or dynamic code execution are present. The parameter processing uses utility functions assumed to be safe. No unusual behaviors or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The class is a straightforward API wrapper that normalizes input parameters and delegates to an imported spatial analysis service. The parameter normalization is standard, and no malicious or obfuscated code is present. The code does not contain any signs of malware, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. The utility functions and underlying service are assumed safe. The security implications are minimal, with no hardcoded secrets or suspicious network activity. The code's structure and behavior are consistent with a benign SDK component.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, well-structured API wrapper for spatial analysis jobs. No malicious activity, obfuscation, or security risks are evident. The assigned malware score of 0 and low security risk scores are appropriate. The code poses no supply chain security concerns.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}