{
  "purpose": "The code exports a collection of imported modules and functions related to animation, 3D graphics, utilities, and WebGL/WebGPU rendering, bundled into a single object for external use.",
  "sources": "Imports various modules from local paths such as './animation/', './three/', './utils/', and their functions or classes. It reads static module files and potentially dynamic configurations, but does not appear to process external untrusted input directly.",
  "sinks": "Exports an aggregated object containing references to multiple modules, functions, and constants. No direct data output or network connections are evident. No external data sinks or communication channels are present within this snippet.",
  "flows": "The code only performs static imports and exports; no runtime data flows from source to sink are observable. The module's purpose is to package and re-export dependencies.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors such as obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or hardcoded secrets are detected. All imports are from local modules with descriptive names. No evidence of malicious intent or backdoors. The structure is straightforward, typical for a library index file.",
  "analysis": "The code is a static module index that imports multiple libraries and components related to animation and WebGL utilities, then bundles and exports them. It does not perform any runtime operations, network communications, or data processing that could be malicious. There are no signs of code injection, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The imports are from local paths and appear to serve legitimate purposes within a graphics or animation library. No suspicious anomalies, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors are detected. Overall, the code appears to be a standard module aggregator.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical module index file aggregating various utilities and components for a graphics or animation library. It shows no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It simply re-exports imported modules for external use, with no active runtime logic or external communications.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}