{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Grunt task for converting SVG icons into webfonts, generating associated stylesheets, demo pages, and managing cache validation through hashing. It handles file reading, font generation via external engines, template rendering, and output management.",
  "sources": "Reads SVG files from specified source paths, reads template files, reads and writes cache hash files, reads font files for embedding, and reads codepoints from a file if specified.",
  "sinks": "Writes generated font files, stylesheets, demo HTML pages, custom outputs, and cache hash files to designated directories. Embeds font files as base64 data URIs in CSS/HTML when specified.",
  "flows": "Source SVG files are read and hashed; font files are generated via external engine modules; templates are rendered with context data; stylesheets and demo pages are generated and saved; hashes are stored for cache validation; font files may be embedded as data URIs.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, suspicious URLs, or network activity detected. Font embedding as base64 is standard, not malicious. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard font generation workflows: reading SVGs, generating fonts with external modules, creating stylesheets via templates, managing cache hashes, and optionally embedding fonts as data URIs. No malicious behaviors, obfuscation, or suspicious activities are evident. The use of hashing for cache validation, templating for stylesheets, and font embedding are common practices. External dependencies are standard for such tasks. The code is well-structured and transparent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, open-source Grunt plugin for SVG to font conversion. It exhibits no signs of malware, obfuscation, or malicious activity. The assigned malware score of 0, obfuscated score of 0, and low security risk score of 0.2 are justified and appropriate.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}