{
  "purpose": "This code is a Grunt task plugin to convert SVG icons into web fonts and generate related stylesheets, demo HTML, and custom outputs.",
  "sources": "Reads input SVG files, template files, configuration options, and optional codepoints JSON file.",
  "sinks": "Writes font files (TTF, WOFF2), CSS/SCSS/LESS/Stylus files, demo HTML, custom output files, and cache files; reads files from disk and generates URLs for fonts.",
  "flows": "Source SVG files → generate font files; configuration options/templates → generate stylesheets and demo HTML; codepoints file → assign codepoints; hashes → cache validation; file reads/writes → output font, CSS, demo files.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'crypto' to generate MD5 hash of source files and options for cache validation is normal. No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors. The code does contain functions to embed fonts as base64 data URIs, but this is a common pattern. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution detected. No network activity, data leaks, or reverse shells present. No suspicious dependencies or remote calls.",
  "analysis": "The script performs a standard build task: reading SVG files, generating font files, creating stylesheets, and demo pages based on templates. It uses standard Node.js modules and third-party libraries for file system operations, templating, and font conversion. It employs hashes to avoid unnecessary regeneration. There are no signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, remote network connections, or code injection. All functions perform expected file operations and templating. No suspicious anomalies or malicious behaviors are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate Grunt plugin for font generation with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is well-structured, relies on common practices, and does not contain any malicious signals.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}