{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Grunt task for converting SVG icons into webfonts and associated stylesheets, including options for demo HTML pages and custom outputs.",
  "sources": "Reads source SVG files from user-specified paths, reads template files and optional codepoints files, reads existing font files, and reads package.json for version info.",
  "sinks": "Writes generated font files (TTF, WOFF2), CSS/SCSS/SASS/LESS files, HTML demo pages, custom output files, and cache hash files.",
  "flows": "Source SVG files are read and hashed, configuration options are processed, font files are generated or reused if unchanged, stylesheets and demo HTML are generated, and outputs are written to disk. Hashes are stored and checked to avoid unnecessary regeneration.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code detected. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious URLs present. Use of standard libraries and templating functions appears normal. No unexpected network activity, system calls, or data leaks are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically loads dependencies, processes input files, generates fonts and stylesheets, manages codepoints, and caches hashes for incremental builds. It performs file operations like reading, writing, deleting, and embedding fonts via base64 encoding. No dynamic code execution, external network calls, or suspicious behaviors are observed. The inclusion of template rendering and hashing is consistent with standard build tooling. No signs of malware such as data theft, unauthorized system access, or malicious network activity are present.",
  "conclusion": "The script appears to be a legitimate Grunt task for font generation with comprehensive file handling, template processing, and caching. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. Its functionality aligns with intended use for font generation pipelines.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}