{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Universal Module Definition (UMD) pattern that sets up utility functions for class inheritance, object assignment, and prototype management. Its core functionality extends the Express.js Router with a 'group' method that dynamically loads controller modules from a specified directory and binds route handlers, facilitating modular route grouping.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'controllers' directory path (configured via 'DefaultConfig'), and the dynamic require(r) call loads modules from this directory. It also reads environment variables and configuration objects for setup.",
  "sinks": "The dynamic require(r) loads modules based on external configuration, which could lead to executing malicious code if the directory contents are compromised or manipulated. No other untrusted data flows are evident.",
  "flows": "Input source: controllers directory path (from configuration).  \nFlow: The require(r) call loads modules from this directory, which are then used as route controllers.  \nPotential malicious flow: If the directory is compromised, malicious modules could be loaded and executed during runtime.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily minified/obfuscated, which is typical for production code but can hinder analysis. The dynamic require pattern based on external input is a potential security concern if the directory is untrusted. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a module compatible with multiple environments (CommonJS, AMD, global). It defines utility functions for class inheritance and object assignment. The core feature is extending the Express Router with a 'group' method that dynamically requires controller modules from a configurable directory. This pattern allows modular route grouping but introduces a security risk if the directory path is influenced by untrusted input. The code does not contain malicious code, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The minified nature suggests production deployment, not malicious obfuscation. The dynamic require is a common pattern but can be exploited if the directory is compromised. Overall, the code is infrastructure for modular routing with a potential security concern due to dynamic module loading, but no malicious intent is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard infrastructure module for Express.js route grouping with dynamic controller loading. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The primary security concern is the use of dynamic require based on external configuration, which could be exploited if the controllers directory is compromised. The code is obfuscated due to minification but not malicious. Overall, the code is safe if the controllers directory is secured and validated.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}