{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Grunt task for converting SVG files into webfonts, along with generating associated stylesheets and demo pages.",
  "sources": "Reads input SVG files, configuration options, template files, codepoints file, and cache/hash files.",
  "sinks": "Generates font files, CSS/HTML files, and temporary files; writes output to filesystem; reads and processes templates and configuration data.",
  "flows": "Reads SVG files and configuration (sources) → processes options and templates → generates font files and stylesheets → writes font files, styles, demo HTML, and custom outputs to specified directories (sinks).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. Use of 'require' statements for dependencies and file reads are standard. No obfuscated code present; code is mostly straightforward. No suspicious network activity or system modifications observed.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages font file creation and stylesheet generation based on SVG inputs, utilizing local filesystem reads/writes, template rendering, and hashing for cache invalidation. It includes functions for reading and writing codepoints and hashes, creating directories, cleaning output, and embedding fonts. No external network calls, dynamic code execution, or hidden backdoors are present. All functions perform expected operations for a build script. The overall structure is consistent with a legitimate build tool for webfont generation. The dependencies and the code flow are typical for such tasks, with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The script appears to be a legitimate, well-structured Grunt task for SVG to webfont conversion. No malicious code or sabotage indicators are present. The use of filesystem operations, template rendering, and dependency imports are standard and safe. Overall, the code shows no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}