{
  "purpose": "The code is a PEG.js parser generator output that defines a grammar for parsing transformation functions such as matrix, translate, scale, rotate, skewX, and skewY in a string input, and provides functions for parsing these expressions into structured objects.",
  "sources": "Input string for the parser, specifically the code that the parsing functions process when called.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any direct data sinks, such as network transmissions or file writes. The parsing functions operate on the input string and produce JavaScript objects. No untrusted data is sent externally within this code.",
  "flows": "The parser reads from the input string (source), processes it through various parsing functions, and outputs structured objects. There are no external flows involving untrusted data leaving the environment.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code is a standard PEG.js parser output, with typical structure and naming. There is no dynamic code execution, system calls, or network activity. All functions are related to parsing input strings into objects. No suspicious or malicious code patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for syntax errors and provides parsing functions generated by PEG.js for parsing a specific grammar related to transformation functions. It uses standard pattern matching and string operations. There are no signs of obfuscated or malicious code segments, such as hidden code, dynamic eval, or network calls. The input string is parsed to produce objects representing transformations. No code injections, data leaks, or malicious behaviors are detectable. The functions are well-structured, with clear purpose to parse strings into objects, and do not perform any side-effects or external interactions.",
  "conclusion": "This is a standard PEG.js-generated parser module designed for interpreting transformation functions. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity. The code is safe and purely functional, intended to process specific input formats into data structures for further use. No security risks or malware indications are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}