{
  "purpose": "The code adds watermarks to images or videos, supporting both static images and video files, by overlaying a watermark with configurable position, size, and opacity.",
  "sources": "Input paths for the main media file ('inputPath') and the watermark image ('watermarkPath'). The code reads these files from the filesystem using 'Jimp.read', 'fs.readFile', and 'which' for locating 'ffmpeg'.",
  "sinks": "The final media output buffers ('buffer') returned by the function. The code writes intermediate files to disk ('writeAsync'), then reads and deletes them. For videos, it invokes 'ffmpeg' via a child process, which processes media based on the provided arguments.",
  "flows": "Input file paths are read from filesystem; image/video data is processed in memory or via temporary files. Watermark is resized and composited for images, or overlaid via ffmpeg filter for videos. Final output is read into memory buffers, then temporary files are cleaned up.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'process.cwd()' and relative output directory without validation, but no hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code dynamically locates 'ffmpeg' via 'which', avoiding hardcoded paths. No suspicious or unusual code behavior, backdoors, or obfuscated code detected. No external network communication, credential handling, or data exfiltration present.",
  "analysis": "The code performs media processing by overlaying watermarks on images and videos, with configurable options. It reads input files from filesystem, manipulates images with 'Jimp', and spawns 'ffmpeg' processes for videos. It manages temporary files carefully, reading processed data into buffers and deleting temporary files afterward. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data theft, or backdoors. The use of 'which' to locate 'ffmpeg' is standard, and no suspicious code anomalies or obfuscation are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate media watermarking utility without malicious intent. It operates solely on local files, processes data in memory or via temporary files, and does not perform any suspicious network activity or data exfiltration. No malware, backdoors, or security risks are evident from this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}