{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript library for a force simulation, specifically a constant force in a physics or visualization context, with utility functions and a modular component structure.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from parameters, function arguments, and global objects such as 'global', 'self', and 'this'. It does not read external user inputs, environment variables, or external data sources directly.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include modifications of node velocities (node.vx, node.vy, node.vz) within the init function, but these are standard for force simulation modules. No unsafe operations, network calls, or file system interactions are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and node data structures through the initialization and force calculation functions, updating node velocities based on specified properties. No malicious data flow is detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard force module implementation. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, obfuscated code, or unusual behaviors are detected. The code uses common utility functions and pattern structures typical for open-source visualization libraries.",
  "analysis": "The script is a modular, open-source-like implementation of a constant force for a physics or data visualization library. It contains utility functions for type checking and environment detection, a class-like structure for properties, and a force calculation function. It does not include network communication, data exfiltration, or hidden code. The code structure and logic are consistent with open-source visualization library patterns. No suspicious or malicious code segments are present.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a benign, open-source-style force module for a physics or visualization library. It performs standard calculations for node velocity updates and contains no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage. The code appears safe and appropriate for its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}