{
  "purpose": "The code provides a collection of utility functions for data manipulation, lookup, date formatting, mathematical operations, and error/warning handling within a JavaScript environment.",
  "sources": "Input data can be read from arguments passed to functions, external tables accessed via 'lookupTables' property, and environment variables if used elsewhere (not shown).",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous sinks include the 'console.log' call in 'print', dynamic Function creation in 'filterExpression', and access to 'lookupTables' which could be manipulated externally.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through various utility functions, with potential risk if untrusted data is used in dynamic functions or in lookup tables that might be externally influenced.",
  "anomalies": "The use of 'new Function' in 'filterExpression' creates a dynamic code execution context which could execute malicious code if input is untrusted. The 'print' function outputs arguments directly to console, which is benign but could leak sensitive info if misused. The rest of the code appears to be straightforward utility functions. No hardcoded credentials or obvious backdoors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily a set of utility functions employing lodash and other libraries for common operations. The use of 'new Function' in 'filterExpression' is a significant risk if the expression is sourced from untrusted input, as it can lead to arbitrary code execution. The rest of the functions perform standard data manipulations, lookups, and date operations, with no evidence of malicious behavior. The 'console.log' in 'print' could be used for information leakage if exposed publicly but is not inherently malicious. No obfuscated or minified code is present. Overall, the code does not exhibit malicious intent but contains a high-risk feature ('new Function') that requires careful input validation if used with untrusted data.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a utility library with no explicit malicious behavior. The only potential security concern is the dynamic function creation via 'new Function' in 'filterExpression', which could be exploited if user input is not sanitized. There are no indications of malware such as data theft, network exfiltration, or system damage. The overall security risk is low if proper input validation is enforced.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 1
}