{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for data manipulation, date parsing, table lookups, and error/warning handling, intended for use within a larger data processing or transformation framework.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include parameters to functions such as 'date', 'string', 'pattern', 'coll', 'name', 'row', 'col', 'val', and object properties like 'lookupTables' and 'errors/warnings' arrays.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are console logging, modification of objects via _.set, _.get, and other lodash functions, and creation of dynamic functions through 'filterExpression'.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through utility functions to output or stored error/warning arrays; dynamic functions may execute expressions on supplied contexts.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses 'new Function' to create functions dynamically, which can be risky if used with untrusted input, but within this code, it only constructs functions from supplied expressions; no explicit malicious code is present. The 'unset' function appears to set attributes to undefined but is named 'unset'. The code does not handle or sanitize user input explicitly, but no direct dangerous operations are observed.",
  "analysis": "The module imports popular utility libraries (lodash, dateformat, @segment/isodate, mathjs). It provides functions for data structure transformations (fromTuple, getTableValues), mathematical operations (round, ceil, floor), date parsing and validation, table lookups (lookup, mlookup, rlookup), and error/warning handling. No code injection or unsafe evaluations are evident beyond the use of 'new Function', which is limited to constructing expression evaluators from passed strings. There are no hardcoded credentials or hidden backdoors. Usage of 'new Function' could be risky if input expressions are untrusted, but the code itself does not process user input for these expressions. The 'set' and 'unset' functions are standard wrappers for lodash. No network activity, system modifications, or data exfiltration routines are present. The code appears to be a collection of utility functions rather than malicious malware or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a set of utility functions for data handling, date manipulation, lookups, and error management. It employs dynamic function creation but in a controlled manner. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or supply chain attacks. The use of 'new Function' warrants caution but is not inherently malicious in this context. Overall, the code is safe with low security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}