{
  "purpose": "This code implements a custom assertion library for testing purposes, providing various assertion functions and error handling mechanisms.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function arguments in assertion functions (e.g., actual, expected, message, error), as well as internal variables such as buffers, objects, and environment features like Error.captureStackTrace.",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data could be used in assertions or error messages; however, there are no sinks that send data over the network, write to files, or execute code based on untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input arguments (sources) through assertion functions to failure throws or error handling. No external data sources or network communications are present. Error objects are constructed with input data but are confined within the assertion context.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior detected. The code uses standard JavaScript features, no hardcoded credentials, or backdoors. The _deepEqual and objEquiv functions perform deep object comparisons safely. The code comments and structure are consistent with a testing utility library.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a custom assertion library for testing, including error creation, comparison functions, and various assertion methods. It uses standard JavaScript features like prototype inheritance, Error handling, and object comparisons. No code indicates malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or hidden network activity. The code does not include obfuscated or suspicious language. It primarily operates within the scope of local variables and function arguments, with no external network or system commands. The functions are standard for assertion libraries, with no signs of sabotage or malware. Overall, the code appears to be a benign, well-structured utility for testing.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code implements a standard assertion library for testing, with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It reads data from function arguments and internal variables and performs comparisons and error handling in a typical manner. There are no hardcoded secrets, no network activity, and no code injection points. The code is safe and intended for testing purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}