{
  "purpose": "This code acts as a wrapper module that exports a function which requires and invokes a webpack configuration from an external package '@mappable-world/mappable-cli'. Its purpose is to generate or retrieve webpack configuration based on provided arguments and environment settings.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the parameters 'args', 'env', and the optional 'dir' which defaults to the current working directory. It also reads from the external package '@mappable-world/mappable-cli/webpack.config'.",
  "sinks": "The code's main sink is the invocation of the required module '@mappable-world/mappable-cli/webpack.config' with the provided arguments, which may process or generate configuration data. It does not directly perform any data leak or system modification itself.",
  "flows": "Input parameters ('args', 'env', 'dir') are passed directly into the required module's function. The data flow is: function invocation with user-provided args/env/dir → requiring external module → executing its exported function.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies observed in the code structure. The code simply acts as a proxy to another module without any unusual or suspicious operations. No hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is minimalistic and straightforward, exporting a function that internally requires another module to generate a configuration. It does not include any logic beyond passing parameters to this external module. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data leakage, or malicious code injection. The external module '@mappable-world/mappable-cli/webpack.config' could potentially contain risks, but based solely on this snippet, there are no indicators of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a simple proxy wrapper for a webpack configuration provider from an external package. There are no signs of malware or malicious activity within this snippet. It appears safe, assuming the external module itself is trustworthy.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}