{
  "purpose": "The code defines custom modes and functions for drawing and measuring circles on a Mapbox map, including creating geojson features, calculating distances, and handling user interactions for drawing radius circles.",
  "sources": "Data is read from user interactions such as map clicks and mouse movements (e.g., e.lngLat). It also reads map configuration and feature properties.",
  "sinks": "Generated geojson features are emitted via draw.create events, and internal functions modify features and UI states. No explicit data leakage or external calls are evident.",
  "flows": "User interaction data (map clicks/movements) flows into geojson feature creation and updates, which are then emitted as events. Coordinate calculations and feature updates are performed internally without external data transmission.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network calls are present. Usage of common libraries (lodash, numeral, turf) is standard. The code mainly deals with drawing features and calculations.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to implement custom drawing modes for radius circles using Mapbox GL Draw. Functions generate geojson features for circles, measure distances, and handle user interactions for drawing and updating the radius. No obfuscated or malicious code structures are detected. The only potential concern is the use of setTimeout to enable double click zoom, but it is a benign UI control. The code does not perform any network requests, data exfiltration, or system modifications. It relies solely on map interactions and feature management, with no suspicious side effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of custom drawing modes for map features, with no malicious intent or security risks identified. It performs geographic calculations and manages user interactions responsibly, with no signs of malware or security threats.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}