{
  "purpose": "This code defines React components for rendering a polygonal shutter graphic with customizable parameters, utilizing utility functions and external libraries like lodash and react-tooltip.",
  "sources": "Reads data from the 'data' prop, 'tooltip' function, and various style props; imports from '@datalith/util', 'lodash', 'react', and 'react-tooltip'.",
  "sinks": "Uses data in rendering polygons and tooltips; potentially injects untrusted data into SVG attributes and tooltip content.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'data' array through the Polygon component, where it influences SVG polygon points and tooltip content. The 'tooltip' function is invoked with data to generate tooltip HTML.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. The createPolygon and getPolygonPoints functions generate SVG points dynamically. The code uses dynamic style functions and React rendering conventions.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a helper for class inheritance (__extends) and imports several modules. It creates polygonal shapes based on trigonometric calculations. The main component 'Shutter' is a React class wrapped with a responsive higher-order component, with default props set. It renders SVG polygons based on input data and provides tooltips. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as network communication, file modification, or obfuscated code are present. The logic relies on standard mathematical computations and React patterns, with input data used for rendering and tooltip content, which could be untrusted but is typical for visualization components.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React-based visualization component for rendering polygonal shutters. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. It uses untrusted data only for presentation purposes and does not perform any suspicious operations like data exfiltration or network communication. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}