{
  "purpose": "This code defines a plugin for Leaflet that creates customizable colorful marker icons using various icon sets and styles, primarily for map visualization.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from options object passed during icon creation, data attributes within created HTML elements (e.g., 'data-elementId'), and inline styles for SVG and image URLs.",
  "sinks": "HTML element creation and manipulation (innerHTML, style properties), embedding data URLs (SVG images) directly into DOM elements, and setting class names and styles for icons.",
  "flows": "Options object inputs influence the creation of icon inner HTML, SVG data URLs are embedded into div elements, and data attributes are assigned to HTML elements for later reference. These data and style manipulations flow into the DOM elements which are rendered as map markers.",
  "anomalies": "The code embeds an inline SVG image directly as a background URL, which is benign and used for icon rendering. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network calls are present. The functions generate icon HTML elements based on options without executing untrusted code or making network requests. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is detected. The image URLs for icons and alarm icons are either data URLs or external sources but do not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Leaflet plugin for creating icon markers with various customizable options. It constructs icon HTML using inline SVG (for background), font-based icons, images, and diagnostic icons. The icon creation functions generate HTML strings for DOM insertion, with styling applied via inline styles and class names. No network requests, external data fetching, or suspicious code behaviors are present. The code operates solely on DOM manipulation based on provided options, with no signs of malicious payloads or data exfiltration. The embedded SVG uses data URLs with inline SVG content, which is standard for custom icon rendering and not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign Leaflet marker plugin that generates styled icons using SVG, font icons, and images. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious network activity. No malware, credential theft, or privacy violations are evident. It is a standard implementation for icon customization in mapping applications.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}