{
  "purpose": "Define a custom Leaflet icon class for colorful markers with various icon options and styles.",
  "sources": "User-provided options for icon, alarm icon, diagnostic icon, colors, and element ID; DOM elements created dynamically within createIcon and related functions.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation for icon creation, inline SVG data URLs, image sources for alarm and custom icons.",
  "flows": "Options influence icon HTML structure and styles, which are injected into DOM elements. Data URLs are embedded directly in style attributes. Image sources are directly inserted into img src attributes.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses inline SVG data URLs and dynamically constructs HTML strings with user-controlled options. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. No obfuscated code or suspicious external network calls are present.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Leaflet plugin for custom markers, generating icon HTML with options for icons, colors, alarm indicators, diagnostic icons, and custom images. The SVG background URL is embedded directly with a color parameter, which is safe. Icon sources and data URLs are constructed based on options, but there is no indication of malicious external network activity or data exfiltration. The image sources for alarms and custom icons are provided via options, assuming trusted sources. The code performs DOM element creation and style application in a standard manner without suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation. There are no signs of malware behavior such as data theft, system damage, or unauthorized network communication.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of a customizable marker icon for Leaflet maps, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It constructs icon elements based on user options, with embedded SVGs and image URLs, which appear to be safe. The code's purpose is solely visual customization without any suspicious activities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}