{
  "purpose": "This code defines a PostCSS plugin to transform specific class size properties (width and height) in CSS, applying a calculation to adjust values based on a factor. It provides a function to process CSS source code and apply this transformation.",
  "sources": "The function `transformClassSize` receives `source` (CSS code), `classNames` (array of target class names), and `filename` (not used in processing). The source code is the CSS input string.",
  "sinks": "Processed CSS output, potentially modifying width and height declarations based on class selectors, but no untrusted input is directly used to affect control flow or cause data leaks.",
  "flows": "Input CSS (`source`) is processed through PostCSS with the custom plugin. The plugin analyzes rules' selectors for specific class names, then transforms width and height declarations by appending a calculation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments. The code is straightforward and utilizes well-known libraries for CSS parsing and transformation. No obfuscation or unusual language features are present. The only potential concern could be the calculation applied, but it appears benign.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard PostCSS and selector parser libraries to modify CSS rules. It defines a plugin that searches for rules with specific class names (from `classNames`). When such rules are found, it updates `width` and `height` declarations by appending a calc expression. The `transformClassSize` function asynchronously processes input CSS with this plugin. No external data, network operations, or environment variables are used. The logic is clear, safe, and intended for CSS transformation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate CSS transformation utility with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It uses standard libraries and techniques to modify CSS properties based on class selectors. No malicious activities or security vulnerabilities are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}