{
  "purpose": "The code implements Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) and Inverse FFT (IFFT) functions for signal processing, allowing conversion between time and frequency domain representations of data.",
  "sources": "Data is read from inputReal and inputImag arrays provided by the user or calling code.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any sinks that send data over networks, write to files, or perform other side effects. No untrusted data is leaked or used maliciously within this module.",
  "flows": "Input arrays (inputReal and inputImag) are validated, processed, and passed through the transform function; the results are scaled in IFFT. No external or network interactions are performed.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to follow standard numerical processing practices. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious variable names, or unusual code patterns are present. External dependencies are limited to a local transform module, and no dynamic code execution or obfuscation is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs input validation for numeric array types and length consistency. It applies a Fourier transform via the imported 'transform' function. The IFFT implementation leverages the FFT function with inputs swapped and scales the output. No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are detected. The structure and variable usage are typical for mathematical signal processing libraries. The code does not send data over the network, access environment variables, or perform any side effects. There are no signs of obfuscation or malware behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward implementation of FFT and IFFT functions for numerical signal processing. It performs necessary validation and uses an external transform module. There are no indicators of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware within this module. It appears safe and aligns with standard practices.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}