{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Jasmine testing framework reporter for console output, providing detailed test results and formatting options.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the options object passed to the ConsoleReporter constructor, specifically 'print', 'showColors', 'onComplete', and 'timer'. It also accesses global objects like 'window' and 'module' for environment detection.",
  "sinks": "The 'print' function is used extensively to output test results to the console or other output streams. No other sinks are present that could lead to data leaks or malicious actions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the internal variables and function inputs (like 'print' and 'options') to the output functions such as 'print', 'printNewline', and 'colored'. No untrusted data from external sources or network flows are involved.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code patterns are detected. The code appears to be a standard implementation of a test reporter with no obfuscated code or hidden behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a console reporter for Jasmine, using options for printing output, color support, and a timer. It defines functions for handling test start, completion, and individual test results, formatting output accordingly. The code uses standard environment detection techniques for CommonJS and browser environments. It outputs test status and details via the 'print' function, which is assumed to be controlled externally. No hardcoded credentials, network calls, or data leaks are present. All code appears to serve its intended purpose without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward Jasmine console reporter implementation with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It interacts only with test result data and outputs to the console or specified print function, with no external data exfiltration or backdoors.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}