{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Vue.js component for displaying various types of popup notifications, including toast, alert, confirm, loading, and iframe dialogs, with methods to show and handle these popups.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include component props (type, message, buttons, callback, btnText, btnColor, duration, icon, bgOpacity, url), and internal data (timer, show). It also reads DOM via document.createElement, getElementById, and appends elements to document.body.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe sinks include: usage of callback functions which can be overridden; DOM manipulation via document.createElement and appendChild; dynamic mounting of Vue components; and passing URLs (A.url) into iframe src attributes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and internal data into rendering functions, with callbacks invoked upon user interactions (e.g., button clicks, background clicks). URL props flow into iframe src. Callback functions are awaited, and their results are emitted to parent components.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code uses base64-encoded SVG images for icons, which is standard for inline images, not obfuscation. The use of dynamic component mounting and DOM manipulation is typical for such Vue components, no obfuscation detected. The inclusion of the import statement and export functions are standard module patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Vue.js component with multiple reactive properties, computed properties for icons, and rendering logic for different popup types. It dynamically mounts the component into a dedicated DOM element and provides an API with functions like confirm, alert, loading, toast, and iframe. The callbacks are awaited and their results emitted, allowing user-defined behaviors. No malicious behavior such as network data exfiltration, backdoors, or system damage is evident. URL inputs are only assigned to iframe src attributes. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code appears to be a typical Vue component setup for UI popups, with standard security considerations.\n\nConfidence score is high that this is a standard Vue popup component with no malicious intent, but it does include dynamic DOM manipulation which, if misused, could lead to DOM-based vulnerabilities, though no explicit vulnerabilities are detected here.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a Vue.js popup component library used for displaying various user notifications. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. The structure and functions are consistent with standard UI component patterns. No suspicious anomalies or backdoors are detected. Overall, the package appears safe with a very low security risk.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}