{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a Vue.js component for displaying various types of popup notifications, such as toast messages, alerts, confirmations, loading indicators, and iframes, with methods to trigger these popups programmatically.",
  "sources": "Data sources include props passed into the component (type, message, buttons, callback, url, etc.), environment variables (though none are explicitly shown), and callback functions provided by parent components.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation (mounting and unmounting elements), setting timeouts, event emissions, and network requests via iframe sources or callback results.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and callback functions (sources) into component methods that manipulate UI state and trigger events, with callback results potentially propagating upward via emitted events; also, user interactions trigger methods that may invoke callbacks or change component state.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code uses base64-encoded SVG images for icons, which is normal. There are no unusual code constructs, obfuscation, or dynamic code evaluation. The import statements are standard. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration code is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a Vue.js component managing a popup UI with props for customization. It handles different display modes ('toast', 'loading', 'iframe', etc.) with timed dismissals and callback handling. The component mounts dynamically onto the DOM using an id 'wefly-vue-popup'. It provides methods for alert, confirm, loading, toast, and iframe popups, which internally use promise-based functions. All data flows are within expected UI interactions. No signs of malicious behavior, such as data theft, unauthorized network communication, or backdoors, are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard Vue.js component for UI popups with no malicious intent. It handles user notifications and interactions safely. No malicious behavior or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}