{
  "purpose": "The source code implements a Vue.js-based popup component with various types such as toast, alert, confirm, loading, and iframe, providing user interface modals with callback handling.",
  "sources": "Reads include environment variables, callback functions, props (type, message, buttons, url), and imported Vue functions. Data inputs come from props, callback functions, and timer controls.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting timers, emitting events, dynamically mounting components, and changing UI states. Notably, there is dynamic DOM manipulation via appendChild and unmounting components.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and user interactions (button clicks, background clicks) to callback functions and event emissions, influencing UI visibility and callback results.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. The SVG icons are Base64-encoded images, which are standard for UI icons, not suspicious. The code appears to be standard Vue component logic with typical dynamic imports and event handling.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a Vue component for modals and toasts, with props controlling behavior and appearance. It manages visibility through timers and callbacks, and dynamically mounts/dismounts modal instances. No signs of data exfiltration, network communication to suspicious domains, or system sabotage. The SVG icons are embedded images, and no obfuscated or unusual code constructs are present. The structure and imported functions are typical for Vue applications. Overall, the code appears legitimate and safe.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a standard Vue.js modal and toast component without malicious intent. It handles UI display and user interaction securely, with no evidence of malware or security risks. The code maintains proper data flow control and does not contain suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}