{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Vue.js component for displaying various types of UI notifications such as toast, alert, confirm, loading, and iframe popups, along with utility functions to create and manage these popups in a web application.",
  "sources": "The code reads input/data from component props (type, message, buttons, callback, btnText, btnColor, duration, icon, bgOpacity, url), local data (timer, show), and imported functions from Vue. It also reads external URL input in the iframe component.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting the src attribute of iframe elements with user-provided URLs, emitting 'close' events with data, and dynamically creating DOM elements. Also, the callback functions may handle untrusted input.",
  "flows": "Untrusted data sources such as props and URL inputs flow into component rendering (e.g., iframe src) and callback execution. The flow from URL prop to iframe src is a primary source-to-sink path that could be exploited if URL is maliciously controlled.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains embedded base64-encoded SVG images used for icons, which appear legitimate. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are detected. The code dynamically mounts Vue components to the DOM, but this is standard for Vue plugin architecture. No obfuscated code, no suspicious dynamic eval, no network communication beyond opening URLs in iframe.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Vue.js component setup for UI notifications, utilizing props and internal state. It securely uses Vue's reactive and transition features. The only notable potential risk is the 'url' prop used as iframe src, which can lead to security issues like clickjacking or malicious content if URLs are untrusted. No hardcoded credentials, no code injection points, and no network activity outside embedding provided URLs are found. The embedded base64 icons are safe static assets. No signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage are evident.",
  "conclusion": "This package implements a standard Vue.js notification system with customizable options. While the iframe URL input could be exploited if untrusted, the code itself does not include malicious or sabotage behaviors. The overall security risk is low, provided URL inputs are validated in the host application.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}