{
  "purpose": "This source code defines a Vue.js component and related functions for displaying various popup UI elements such as toasts, alerts, confirmations, and iframes, and provides a mechanism to invoke these popups.",
  "sources": "Data reads occur in props (e.g., message, type, url, buttons), callback functions, and user interactions (click events). The code reads environment-like data indirectly via input properties; no direct environment variable access is present.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include event emissions (this.$emit), callback executions, DOM manipulations, and network requests initiated by URL properties or callback functions. The code does not contain direct network calls, but URL inputs could lead to external navigation or data exfiltration if misused.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and callback functions into the rendering logic; user interactions invoke methods that call callbacks and emit events; URL props may lead to navigation or iframe loads; no explicit dangerous data flow is observed beyond typical UI behavior.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated malicious code are present. The base64-encoded SVG icons are standard icons (success, warn, error). The code dynamically renders UI elements based on props; no suspicious logic or unusual code constructs are evident. No signs of code injection, data leakage, or malicious behavior are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Vue.js component for UI popups with utility functions to open, confirm, alert, show loading, and toast messages. It manages timers, callback invocations, and DOM mounting/unmounting securely. The base64 icons are standard images, not malicious. No external network requests or access to sensitive data are initiated. The code's structure and logic appear consistent with typical UI component patterns. No anomalies or malicious behaviors are identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Vue.js UI component library for displaying popups with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It provides safe UI utilities without involving unsafe or suspicious code. Therefore, it is deemed safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}