{
  "purpose": "A complex graphics library performing SVG parsing, vector/matrix math, shader compilation, and WebGL rendering, used for graphics and visualization tasks.",
  "sources": "Reads SVG DOM elements and attributes, shader source code, environment variables, external dependencies (e.g., axios), and configuration objects.",
  "sinks": "Shader compilation, WebGL buffer creation, program linking, DOM manipulation, data serialization, network requests via dependencies, and external resource loading.",
  "flows": "External SVG and shader source inputs flow into shader compilation and SVG parsing functions; data flows into WebGL buffers and rendering pipelines; external dependencies may load resources or send data.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy minification and obfuscation of code, which is typical for production graphics libraries but can obscure malicious intent; external resource loading (SVG, shaders, dependencies) could be exploited if inputs are malicious, though no malicious activity is evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a heavily minified, complex graphics library involving vector math, SVG parsing, shader management, and WebGL functions. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or sabotage are present. Obfuscation is high but justified by minification for performance and size optimization. External resource loading is standard but warrants caution; however, no malicious activity or suspicious network activity is observed. The code's structure and purpose align with legitimate graphics processing tasks. The malware score is set to 0, consistent with the absence of malicious indicators. The obfuscated score is high (~0.8) due to heavy minification, which is typical for such libraries. The overall security risk score remains low (~0.2), reflecting the low likelihood of malicious intent but acknowledging the obfuscation and external data handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, complex graphics library with heavy minification and obfuscation typical for production assets. No evidence of malware, sabotage, or malicious data exfiltration is found. The high obfuscation level is justified, and external resource loading is standard but should be monitored in supply chain contexts. The scores are consistent with the detailed analysis, and no security issues are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}