{
  "purpose": "The code defines static JSON Schema objects used for validating identity, authorization, cryptographic keys, credentials, and presentation data in identity and security protocols. It serves as a blueprint for data structure validation without executing logic.",
  "sources": "The schema reads data from external inputs such as URLs, tokens, cryptographic keys, and credential fields during validation processes.",
  "sinks": "Potential data flow points include URL endpoints, tokens, and cryptographic parameters, which could be populated with untrusted data; however, the schema itself does not process or execute this data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external untrusted sources into the application that uses this schema for validation, but the schema only defines expected formats and constraints, not processing logic.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies, malicious code, obfuscation, or unusual constructs are present. The schema is straightforward, with enums, references, and property definitions typical for identity validation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a static JavaScript module exporting a comprehensive JSON Schema object for identity and authorization validation. It contains no executable logic, network calls, or data processing. The schema includes enums, references, and property constraints aligned with known identity protocols. No secrets, obfuscated code, or malicious constructs are present. The schema's purpose is to validate data structures, not process data at runtime. Therefore, it poses no security risks or malicious behavior. The scores assigned in the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, risk=0) are accurate and justified based on the static, schema-only nature of the code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a static, well-structured JSON Schema module used for data validation in identity and security systems. It contains no executable code, no obfuscation, and no malicious elements. The scores of 0 for malware, obfuscation, and security risk are appropriate and consistent with the content. No further action or concern is warranted.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}