{
  "purpose": "The code generates various charts and histograms using the 'c6' library and the 'j6' dependency for statistical computations and random data generation.",
  "sources": "Data sources include 'j6' functions such as 'dt', 'rnorm', 'samples', and 'dnorm', which generate or manipulate data. The code reads data from user inputs via DOM elements (e.g., '#chart1') when rendering charts.",
  "sinks": "Data is rendered to the DOM elements (e.g., '#chart1', '#chart2') for visualization. No network transmission, file operations, or system modifications are observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'j6' functions generating random or analytical data into the visualization functions ('chart2D', 'hist', 'curve', etc.). User input may influence the DOM element selectors but no untrusted data directly impacts system or network operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code primarily calls library functions for data visualization and statistical calculations. The function 'hist' manipulates data but does not perform unusual or malicious actions. No obfuscated code or unconventional language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is straightforward: it sets up multiple charts using the 'c6' library, with data generated via 'j6' library functions such as 'rnorm' and 'samples'. It renders visualizations in specific DOM elements, with no network requests, file access, or system commands. The only data manipulation involves generating random or sampled data and displaying it graphically. The code does not include any suspicious behaviors, such as data exfiltration, network connections, or malicious code execution.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is solely for data visualization using established libraries, with no indications of malicious intent or malware. It appears to be part of a data analysis or reporting tool without security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}