{
  "purpose": "This code implements a simple serverless API with two routes: one to return a greeting message and another to process a JSON array in the request body.",
  "sources": "Event headers ('X-Forwarded-Proto', 'Host', 'event.path', 'event.headers', 'event.requestContext.path'), and 'event.body' for request data.",
  "sinks": "Response objects (statusCode, headers, body), especially the JSON.stringify outputs and response headers.",
  "flows": "Input headers and body are read; the path determines the handler; the body is parsed for validation; responses are constructed based on validation.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses 'event.headers.Host' without validation, but this is typical in serverless environments. The 'body' is parsed directly without sanitization, but only for array validation, which is safe. Response headers are mostly static, with one dynamic link header. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code are present. The 'Content-Type' header has an extra single quote, which is a minor formatting issue but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code correctly maps routes to handlers and processes the input securely. It validates the body to be an array before proceeding, preventing common injection vulnerabilities. The headers include CORS support and a dynamic link header based on request data. No data leaks, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are identified. There is no code injection, secret leakage, or suspicious network activity. The only concern is the malformed 'Content-Type' header with an extra quote, which is likely a typo, not malicious. Overall, the code performs basic API functions safely and appropriately.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward serverless API implementation with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It handles input validation securely, uses appropriate response headers, and has no observable malicious behavior or backdoors.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}