{
  "purpose": "The script converts LaTeX math expressions in input files into SVG images using MathJax, generating HTML snippets with embedded math images for use in documents or web pages.",
  "sources": "Input file specified by the user (inFile), environment variables, and potentially MathJax input.",
  "sinks": "Generated SVG files saved in the 'images' directory, HTML snippets with embedded image tags, and console logs.",
  "flows": "Input file is read; math expressions are parsed and converted to SVG via MathJax; SVG files are written to disk; HTML snippets are generated with references to these SVG files.",
  "anomalies": "Use of crypto.createHmac with mathText as the key to generate file hashes could be misused to associate specific math expressions with file hashes, but this alone is benign. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The code avoids executing untrusted input directly. No network connections or data exfiltration are evident. The code handles comments and math parsing carefully. No obfuscated code or uncommon language features detected. The mathjax library is loaded properly and used securely. The only noteworthy aspect is the generation of SVG images based on input files, which appears legitimate.",
  "analysis": "The script performs file reading, regex-based parsing, and MathJax rendering without executing untrusted code or commands. It writes SVG images to a local directory, ensuring only the intended files are created. No network activity, external data collection, or command execution is present. The use of crypto for hashing math expressions is a standard method for caching SVG files. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or data leaks. The code is well-structured, and no anomalies suggest malicious intent. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate math-to-svg converter with no malicious or sabotage elements.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation for converting LaTeX math expressions into SVG images using MathJax. It includes proper handling of input parsing, comment processing, and SVG output. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected based on the provided code. The overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}