{
  "purpose": "This script converts LaTeX math expressions in a file into SVG images using MathJax, storing SVGs in an images directory and replacing math expressions with image tags.",
  "sources": "Reads input filename from command-line arguments, reads input file content, and uses MathJax tex2svg function for math conversion.",
  "sinks": "Writes SVG images to the filesystem, outputs HTML image tags, and writes processed text to an output file.",
  "flows": "Reads file content -> processes inline and display math with MathJax -> generates SVG images and stores them -> replaces math expressions with image tags -> writes output file.",
  "anomalies": "Uses crypto.createHmac with math expressions as keys to generate hashes for SVG filenames, which is a benign way to cache images. No hardcoded credentials, no suspicious network activity, or backdoors detected. The code dynamically creates an images directory if not existing, which is typical. No obfuscated or malicious code structures present.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily handles LaTeX to SVG conversion. It reads input files, processes LaTeX math expressions, and generates SVG images stored locally. The crypto module is used for hashing math expressions to create unique filenames, which is a normal practice for caching. The code does not include any network operations, credential handling, or data exfiltration routines. It does not contain obfuscated code, malicious comments, or hidden backdoors. It performs expected operations for a math rendering utility with standard modules. There are no signs of malware or security risks such as data leakage, malicious network activity, or secret credentials.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate LaTeX-to-SVG converter using MathJax, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. Its functionality aligns with expected math rendering tasks, and no anomalies suggest malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}