{
  "purpose": "The script converts LaTeX math expressions in a file to SVG images using MathJax, saving the SVGs and embedding them in an output file.",
  "sources": "File input (inFile), environment variables (none used), package.json (version info), and internal variables for math expressions.",
  "sinks": "Filesystem writes for SVG images, console output for progress and errors, and the generated HTML with embedded image tags.",
  "flows": "Math expressions are read from input file, processed and converted to SVG via MathJax, SVG files are written to disk, and HTML img tags are generated and saved.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials; no suspicious network connections, reverse shells, or data exfiltration. The code correctly uses cryptographic hashes for reusing images and does not evaluate external or user input beyond input files. No obfuscated or malicious code structures are present. The only external dependency is MathJax, which is standard for math rendering.",
  "analysis": "The code reads input LaTeX math expressions from a specified file, validates their syntax, converts them to SVG images using MathJax, and saves the images with serial numbering. It employs cryptographic hashing to cache images for repeated expressions. It creates an images directory if needed and writes SVG files. The code handles inline and display math, processes comments, and sanitizes SVG output to remove invalid attributes. There are no indications of malicious payloads, network activity, or data leaks. It uses standard libraries (fs, crypto) and a well-known math rendering library (MathJax). The overall logic and structure are normal for a LaTeX-to-SVG converter.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate LaTeX math rendering utility that safely converts input math to SVG images and embeds them into output files. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. It adheres to good security practices, with no hardcoded secrets, unsafe data handling, or suspicious external communications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}