{
  "purpose": "The code is intended to perform environment checks, terminate AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments, and verify deployment status by making HTTP requests and handling logs.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (ACCESS_KEY_ID, SECRET_ACCESS_KEY), requires external modules (http, fs, path, aws-sdk, credentials file), reads log files from filesystem.",
  "sinks": "Uses AWS SDK to terminate environments, performs HTTP GET requests, reads files, and logs to console.",
  "flows": "Reads credentials -> Configures AWS SDK -> Initiates HTTP requests -> Reads log files -> Calls AWS SDK to terminate environments.",
  "anomalies": "Uses a try-catch to load credentials; credentials fallback to environment variables, which is typical. No hardcoded credentials observed. The termination of environments based on application name, with environment filtering, appears legitimate but could be misused if called maliciously. No obfuscated code, no dynamic code execution, no suspicious variable names.",
  "analysis": "The script manages AWS resources and performs health checks and log reading, which are typical deployment management tasks. Credentials are fetched either from a module or environment variables, which is standard practice, although relying on environment variables without validation could be risky. No evidence of malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful network activity. The AWS environment termination logic is legitimate for deployment operations but could be exploited if misused by an attacker with access. The HTTP requests and log reading are standard. No suspicious or malicious behavior, no obfuscated code or malware indications.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to perform legitimate deployment and environment management functions. No malicious behavior detected. No signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious data leaks. Security risks are limited to potential misuse of environment termination functions if accessed maliciously. Overall, the code is safe but should be protected against unauthorized execution.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 3
}