{
  "purpose": "The code implements an Angular component called WeekViewComponent for rendering a week-based calendar view with events, headers, and interaction handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads input properties (e.g., date formatting functions, event source, configuration options) and data from the Angular component context; it also accesses DOM elements via ElementRef.",
  "sinks": "DOM rendering of calendar elements, event handler invocations, and subscription management. No direct untrusted data sinks like network, file system, or system commands are evident.",
  "flows": "Input properties (sources) influence internal state and rendering; data is processed in methods like onDataLoaded() which distribute events into view rows and date ranges; interactions trigger events emitted to parent components.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden malicious code patterns detected. The code uses standard Angular and JavaScript features for calendar rendering and event handling. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution observed. No network or file system operations are present.",
  "analysis": "The component primarily manages calendar view rendering, event placement, and user interactions. It subscribes to data streams from CalendarService and updates the view accordingly. All data processing involves standard date calculations and array manipulations. No code indicates malicious intent such as data exfiltration, network communications, or sabotage behaviors. It performs typical UI rendering and event management for a calendar app, with no anomalies suggesting malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard Angular calendar component for week views, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It reads inputs, processes event data, and renders a calendar UI securely. No malicious signals or backdoors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}