{
  "purpose": "The code defines a Node-RED custom node 'image-analyzer' that fetches a webpage, parses image tags, and searches for specified keywords within image attributes.",
  "sources": "Data sources include configuration parameters (url, urlType, keywords), message properties (if urlType='msg'), and context variables (flow or global). The external dependency axios fetches webpage data.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the axios.get call which retrieves webpage content, and node.send outputs result objects. No data is written to external systems or files.",
  "flows": "Input: user or message triggering fetch; fetch URL source → axios.get response data → cheerio parsing → attribute examination → node.send with matches or message if no matches.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No suspicious code paths or backdoors. The only notable point is logging keywords and URL to console, which is not inherently malicious. No obfuscated code or unusual language features.",
  "analysis": "The script dynamically determines the URL based on configuration, fetching webpage content via axios. It parses HTML using cheerio, examining 'img' tags for specified keywords in attributes like title, alt, and data attributes. Matches are sent via node.send. The code includes basic error handling and status updates. No code injections, data leaks, or malicious network behavior detected. External dependencies (axios, cheerio) are standard and used as intended. No signs of malware such as system access, data theft, or backdoors are present. The code appears to perform a legitimate web scraping and keyword matching function with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs web scraping to identify images containing certain keywords. There are no indications of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It functions as a benign image analysis node with standard practices. No security concerns are evident based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}