{
  "purpose": "The code is a Node-RED custom node that fetches a web page, parses image tags, and searches for specified keywords in image attributes.",
  "sources": "The code reads the URL from message, flow, global context, or a static string; it also reads keywords from configuration.",
  "sinks": "The code sends output messages containing matched image data or a message indicating nothing was found; it also logs errors.",
  "flows": "Input source (URL) -> axios GET request -> cheerio load -> image attribute examination -> conditional node.send() calls.",
  "anomalies": "The code allows dynamic URL fetching from multiple contexts, which could be manipulated; however, no hardcoded secrets or suspicious code structures are present. The console.log statement may reveal internal data but is not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical web scraping operations, fetching URLs and parsing images for keywords. It handles input from various contexts to determine the URL, ensuring no repeated fetches for the same URL. It searches for keywords in image attributes and outputs matches. No code injection, backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms are evident. The only potential concern is the dynamic URL sourcing which could be exploited if untrusted input is supplied, but this does not constitute malicious behavior in itself. The use of axios and cheerio is standard for web scraping. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are found. The console.log statement does not pose a security risk but should be considered a minor information leak in production.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard web scraping Node-RED node with no malicious intent. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. Its security risk is low, but care should be taken to ensure the URL input is trusted to prevent abuse. Overall, it is a benign script with typical scraping functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}