{
  "purpose": "The code provides Jasmine test configurations and helper functions for testing Angular Material components, including DOM manipulations, custom matchers, and environment setup.",
  "sources": "Reads include document.querySelector, document.getElementsByTagName, and angular.element; data is obtained from DOM elements, window, and injected Angular services.",
  "sinks": "Modifies HTMLElement.prototype (click, focus), manipulates DOM (style insertion, class addition/removal), and defines global functions like disableAnimations. These actions could affect DOM behavior but do not process untrusted external input directly.",
  "flows": "User or test code interacts with DOM elements, triggering patched methods (click, focus), or uses Jasmine matchers that compare element properties. No external data flows or network actions are present.",
  "anomalies": "The patch for HTMLElement.prototype.click and focus could alter standard DOM behavior but is limited to test environment. The disableAnimations function injects styles with no external data. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code snippets are present.",
  "analysis": "The code mainly sets up testing utilities, DOM patching, and environment controls for Angular Material testing. It safely overrides native methods for testing purposes and adds custom Jasmine matchers to facilitate testing DOM states. The style manipulation for disabling animations is confined to the test environment. No external inputs, network activity, or malicious code is evident. The code does not contain obfuscation, hidden backdoors, or malicious behaviors. The patching and style injections are confined to testing scenarios and do not pose security threats outside that context.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, environment-specific testing setup with no indications of malicious intent or malware. It modifies DOM behavior solely for testing purposes and does not process untrusted data or perform external network operations. Overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}