{
  "purpose": "The code is a set of unit tests for the easingCoordinates function and related functions, verifying their behavior with various input strings that represent CSS timing functions and steps functions.",
  "sources": "The code reads predefined constant arrays representing expected coordinate outputs and calls easingCoordinates with string inputs that simulate user or external inputs representing CSS easing functions.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any sinks that process untrusted data, perform network operations, or execute external commands. It primarily returns arrays based on input strings.",
  "flows": "Input strings to easingCoordinates trigger processing functions that produce coordinate arrays. No flow from untrusted sources to sinks that could lead to data leaks or system compromise is evident.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code constructs are present. The code is structured as unit tests, with clear input and expected output. No obfuscated or suspicious patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists solely of test cases validating the behavior of easingCoordinates and related functions. It tests valid CSS timing functions like 'ease', 'cubic-bezier', and 'steps' with various parameters, as well as error cases with invalid inputs. There are no signs of dynamic code execution, network activity, or malicious payloads. The functions under test are expected to generate coordinate data based on CSS timing function strings, which is a typical and safe operation. Since the code does not perform any side effects such as data exfiltration, system modification, or external communication, and only includes standard test cases, it presents no security risk or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard set of unit tests for CSS timing function parsing and coordinate generation. It does not contain malware, suspicious behavior, or security risks. It simply verifies expected outputs for various valid and invalid inputs. Overall, the code appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}