{
  "purpose": "This code appears to test the functionality of the 'easingCoordinates' function and related coordinate generation functions for different CSS timing functions, primarily for validating correct outputs and error handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from function calls such as 'easingCoordinates' with string parameters representing CSS easing functions.",
  "sinks": "The code processes and outputs coordinate arrays based on the input easing functions, but does not directly write to external systems, files, or network.",
  "flows": "Input strings (e.g., 'cubic-bezier(...)', 'ease', 'steps(...)') are passed into 'easingCoordinates' which parses and generates coordinate arrays; these outputs are then compared against expected values.",
  "anomalies": "The code primarily performs tests and validation; no anomalies, hardcoded credentials, or suspicious code patterns are observed. All functions used are standard testing assertions; no obfuscated or suspicious logic is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a test suite for verifying the correctness of easing coordinate calculations. It checks various valid CSS timing functions, including cubic-bezier, ease, steps, and their variants. Error handling tests ensure invalid inputs throw exceptions. No network calls, file manipulations, or dynamic code execution are present. The functions used are for generating easing coordinate data; the code's structure and purpose are typical for testing. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or unauthorized system access. All code appears legitimate and focused on validation of animation easing functions.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard set of tests for a JavaScript library handling CSS easing functions. It contains no malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. It solely performs validation of correct function outputs and error handling, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}