{
  "purpose": "This code is a part of a JavaScript module bundle, likely generated by a bundler like Webpack, containing various utility functions, polyfills, and module definitions for rendering SVG, Canvas, and other graphical elements. It appears to facilitate SVG rendering, DOM manipulation, and graphics processing.",
  "sources": "Reads input from DOM attributes (e.g., getAttribute), fetch responses, and data URLs for images and SVG content. It also accesses window, document, and Canvas API for rendering.",
  "sinks": "Uses Canvas context methods (fillText, drawImage, fillRect, etc.), fetch responses, DOM manipulations, and event handlers (onclick, onmousemove). Some parts construct SVG paths and process style attributes.",
  "flows": "Data flows from DOM attributes and fetch responses into rendering functions. Inputs like SVG attributes and fetched images are processed through functions that generate drawing commands or style settings, and then rendered on Canvas. No evidence of untrusted data being sent over network or system actions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behavior observed. No suspicious network connections, data leaks, or system modifications. The code is highly obfuscated in parts, but this appears to be a minification or bundling artifact, not malicious obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily comprises module definitions, utility functions, and rendering logic for SVG and Canvas graphics. It uses standard practices for SVG path parsing, style application, and image handling. No code segments suggest data exfiltration, reverse shells, or malicious network activity. The obfuscation is consistent with minified code and does not indicate malicious intent. All input sources are DOM attributes or fetch responses; sinks are standard Canvas and DOM APIs. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets or backdoors were found.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a complex graphics rendering module, likely part of an SVG or Canvas rendering library. It contains no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. The obfuscation appears to be due to minification rather than malicious intent. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}