{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a bundled JavaScript library related to SVG rendering, parsing, and manipulation, along with some utility functions for DOM, CSS, and object handling. It is likely part of a rendering engine or SVG manipulation library used in graphics or visualization tools.",
  "sources": "Reads data from SVG elements, attributes, styles, and fetch responses for images and fonts.",
  "sinks": "Uses fetched image data for rendering, manipulates SVG element attributes, styles, and transformations. Does not directly perform data leaks or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Data flows from SVG node attributes and styles to rendering functions; from fetch responses to image or font loading; from style attribute parsing to rendering logic.",
  "anomalies": "Code is heavily bundled/minified with complex structure; no obvious hard-coded secrets, credentials, or backdoors. No suspicious network domain connections or system modifications are apparent. Use of dynamic functions and extensive utility code is typical for such libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code is a complex, bundled, and minified library for SVG parsing and rendering, with numerous classes handling SVG elements, attributes, styles, and transformations. It includes functions for loading images and fonts via fetch, parsing SVG paths, and applying transformations. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system harm, or covert network activity are visible. The code primarily performs SVG rendering tasks. It does not include network connections to suspicious domains, system file modifications, or unauthorized data access. Obfuscation is typical of minified code, but no malicious obfuscation patterns are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard SVG rendering and parsing library with no evidence of malicious intent or supply chain attacks. It functions as intended for SVG manipulation and rendering without performing any malicious actions. The security risk score remains low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}