{
  "purpose": "This code implements a network request wrapper for React Native, handling responses, errors, and user messaging to streamline API interactions.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the fetch response, request parameters, and the hardcoded authorization token.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of the hardcoded token for authorization, which could lead to security risks if exposed.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from the fetch response to the dispatch function; the hardcoded token is used directly in request headers; errors and responses flow through promises and message emissions.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of a hardcoded authorization token ('da8a63434efb4eaf95710279f31b460b'), which is a security concern but not malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward fetch wrapper with response handling, error management, and message emission. The main anomaly is the hardcoded authorization token, which poses a security risk if exposed but does not indicate malicious intent. No obfuscation, malicious network activity, or backdoors are present. The code does not perform any suspicious operations beyond standard API requests. The malware score is 0, as there is no evidence of malicious behavior. The obfuscated score is 0, given the code clarity. The security risk score is approximately 0.3, reflecting the security concern of embedded secrets but not active malicious activity. The scores are consistent with the analysis and appropriate for the observed code.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard network request wrapper with a security concern due to the hardcoded authorization token. There is no evidence of malware or malicious activity. The primary issue is insecure secret management, which should be addressed by removing the hardcoded token and using secure environment variables. The malware score remains 0, obfuscated score remains 0, and the security risk score is around 0.3.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}