{
  "purpose": "This code provides a factory function to generate pseudorandom number generators for the Fréchet distribution, allowing customization of parameters and PRNG options.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters (`alpha`, `s`, `m`, and options object) for validation, and retrieves data from the provided or internally created PRNG (e.g., seed, state).",
  "sinks": "Potentially untrusted data is passed into the PRNG (`rand`), and the generated random numbers are returned. The code also serializes the PRNG state for JSON output.",
  "flows": "Input parameters are validated and assigned, then used to configure the PRNG. The PRNG's internal state and parameters can be accessed and modified via getter/setter functions. The generated random values flow from the PRNG based on the parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. The code performs standard validation, property definitions, and encapsulation. No external network calls, data exfiltration, or system modifications are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with license and module imports, then defines a factory function that configures a PRNG for the Fréchet distribution. It validates input parameters and options, creates or assigns a PRNG, and sets up property accessors. The functions for getting/setting PRNG state and serialization are standard. The internal functions for generating the distribution are straightforward, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious intent. No external communication, file system access, or malicious logic is present. The code adheres to best practices for configuration and encapsulation, and the overall structure indicates legitimate statistical utility.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured implementation for generating Fréchet-distributed random numbers. It does not contain malware, suspicious behavior, or security risks. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}