{
  "purpose": "The function processes an array of data objects, performing filtering, sorting, deduplication, and aggregation based on provided parameters. It appears designed for data transformation and analysis.",
  "sources": "Reads include dataArr input (array of data objects) and paramsObj (configuration object). Uses imported utility functions for sorting.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks for untrusted data; no network or file operations are present. No external data output or malicious data exfiltration points identified.",
  "flows": "Data is read from input arrays and objects, processed through filtering, sorting, deduplication, and aggregation steps, with results stored in local variables and returned.",
  "anomalies": "Code includes extensive data processing with no evident malicious behavior. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors observed. No obfuscated or suspicious language features. The use of console.group() for debugging is benign but indicates potential leftover debugging code.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical data manipulation tasks: copying data, filtering based on a filter object, sorting by specified keys, removing duplicates via specified keys, and calculating max/min values for object properties. It also constructs complex mappings and aggregations from the data, all without executing untrusted code or external communications. No parts of the code exhibit suspicious patterns such as dynamic code execution, network calls, or data exfiltration. The presence of a console.group() statement might suggest debug leftover but is not malicious. The code is well-structured for its purpose and does not raise security concerns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard data transformation utility with no evidence of malicious behavior or malware. It reads and processes data solely within the local context, with no network activity or obfuscated malicious code. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}