{
  "purpose": "This code implements statistical functions related to item response theory (IRT), including calculations for item response probabilities, Fisher information, generating a normal distribution, and finding the closest stimulus based on difficulty. It appears to be part of an educational or assessment tool.",
  "sources": "Reads data from input parameters such as 'zeta', 'theta', 'stimuli', and internal functions like 'fillZetaDefaults'. Uses imported modules 'binary-search' and './corpus'.",
  "sinks": "Returns computed probabilities, Fisher information values, and indices of stimuli. No untrusted data is sent outside the module or over the network; the code does not perform data leaks or external connections.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (e.g., 'zeta', 'stimuli', 'target') influence calculations through function calls and internal processing. The only notable flow is the mapping and comparison of stimuli difficulty values to determine closest stimuli.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are present. The code uses standard mathematical functions and library calls. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code performs straightforward statistical calculations and search operations. The use of 'fillZetaDefaults' suggests parameter normalization, but there is no indication of malicious intent. The binary search implementation is standard, with no suspicious modifications. The 'normal' distribution function correctly computes Gaussian values. No external network or data exfiltration occurs. The functions serve typical purposes in psychometric modeling.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of psychometric calculations and stimulus selection logic. There are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks. It operates solely within mathematical and data processing boundaries, with no external or covert activities detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}