{
  "purpose": "The code defines mathematical functions and classes for cubic calculations, root finding, and Bezier curve computations, primarily for geometric or graphical purposes.",
  "sources": "Variables and function parameters, such as 'a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'x', 'y', 'p', and 't', which read input data; 'import$' function that imports properties; and 'module.exports' or 'window' for output.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the 'root' methods computing roots of cubic equations, and the 't' method converting root solutions. No direct data leaks or external communication points are apparent.",
  "flows": "Input data (parameters) flow into calculation functions ('calc', 'root', 'x', 'y', 't') to produce geometric outputs; root calculations and curve evaluations are performed locally with no external data transmission.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, suspicious function calls, or code that interacts with external networks are present. The code appears to be a mathematical utility library with standard implementations.",
  "analysis": "The code defines classes for cubic polynomial evaluation ('Func') and Bezier curve operations ('Bezier'). It includes methods for calculating polynomial values, roots of cubic equations, and Bezier coordinate computations. The root-finding logic adheres standard mathematical algorithms, and the Bezier implementation uses common formulas. The 'import$' function copies properties from source to target objects. Export mechanisms are standard for both Node.js ('module.exports') and browsers ('window'). There are no indications of data leakage, remote data access, or malicious behaviors. The code appears solely focused on mathematical computations with no side-effects or external communication.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical utility library for cubic and Bezier calculations with no malicious intent or suspicious behaviors detected. It does not perform network communications, data theft, or system modifications. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}