{
  "purpose": "This code provides server setup, database connection, and error handling utilities for a Node.js microservice, including HTTP server configuration, MongoDB connection, and metrics collection.",
  "sources": "Process environment variables (e.g., process.env.DB_URI, process.env.CLERK_JWT_PUBLIC_KEY, process.env.PORT, process.env.SERVICE_NAME), incoming HTTP requests, and external modules.",
  "sinks": "Environment variables used for configuration, potentially untrusted incoming HTTP request data, and process signals for shutdown procedures.",
  "flows": "Environment variables are used during server and database setup (sources) to configure connections and keys (sinks). HTTP requests trigger metrics recording, which involves reading request data and response status (sources to sinks). Process signals and errors are logged and can trigger process termination.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns identified. The code largely consists of standard server setup and utility functions. No dynamic code execution or unusual obfuscation is present. Use of environment variables for sensitive info is typical, but always verify environment security outside this code.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes an Express server with security middlewares (cors, helmet, compression, cookie-parser, morgan) and integrates Prometheus metrics collection. It connects to MongoDB using URI from environment variables, which is standard. Error handling and process signal management are typical for production-grade Node.js services. No signs of malware such as data exfiltration, hidden backdoors, or malicious network activity. The use of environment variables for secrets is common practice, assuming external security measures. No obfuscation, malicious behaviors, or suspicious data flows detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical server utility module for a Node.js microservice with no evident malicious intent. It responsibly manages configurations, metrics, and error handling. No indicators of malware or security threats within the analyzed scope.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}