{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for n-dimensional interpolation, including linear interpolation, recursive interpolation, and normalization of points within a multi-dimensional space.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily through function parameters, such as 'point', 'points', 'a', 't', and 'i'. No external data sources or environment variables are accessed.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any output or network communication functions. No sinks for untrusted data leading to leaks or effects are present.",
  "flows": "There are no external source-to-sink data flows; the functions process data internally with inputs and return outputs without side effects or external communications.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be straightforward mathematical implementations. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs are detected. Usage of the mathjs library is standard for mathematical operations. The comments and code structure do not indicate obfuscation or malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code implements multi-dimensional interpolation and normalization functions using standard mathematical operations. No code injections, network operations, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The functions process data securely within their scope. All inputs are handled as parameters with validation (dimension checks). The use of mathjs is appropriate for the calculations. No suspicious patterns, hard-coded secrets, or malicious behaviors are evident. The code is clearly structured, documented, and lacks any obfuscated or unnecessary dynamic execution.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate mathematical utility for n-dimensional interpolation and normalization with no malicious or suspicious elements. It performs standard computations without external dependencies that could introduce malicious behavior. There is no evidence of malware or security risks within this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}