{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for N-dimensional interpolation, including linear interpolation, recursive and improved non-recursive methods, point classification, distance calculation, point selection, and normalization.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include parameters such as 'a', 'b', 'c', 'n', 'point', 'points', and 't'. These are used as arguments to interpolation functions, point classification, distance calculations, and normalization processes. No external data sources or system inputs are directly read within the code.",
  "sinks": "The code does not include any network communication, file system access, or environment variable usage. No data is sent over the network or stored locally within these functions. There are no apparent side effects or external sinks.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through mathematical operations, recursion, sorting, classification, and normalization functions. The primary flow involves processing points for interpolation and normalization; no untrusted or external data sources influence the flow.",
  "anomalies": "The 'nlerp' function's implementation appears flawed: it mutates the input array 'a' during the loop, which can lead to incorrect results. The commented-out code in 'choose' hints at possible validation, but it's inactive. The code includes only mathematical operations; no hidden or suspicious code segments, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily performs mathematical computations related to N-dimensional interpolation. It utilizes the 'mathjs' library for mathematical operations. Functions such as 'lerp', 'riterp', and 'nlerp' implement interpolation methods, while 'choose' selects neighboring points based on distance, and 'normalize' scales points for consistent interpolation. No network, system, or secret data access is present. The code is straightforward and designed for mathematical interpolation tasks, with no signs of malicious behavior. A notable concern is the flawed implementation of 'nlerp' which could produce incorrect interpolation results but does not imply malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a mathematical utility module for N-dimensional interpolation with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The implementation is mostly standard, with a minor flaw in 'nlerp' that affects correctness but not security. No external data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious payloads are detected. Overall, it is a safe utility library for interpolation tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}