{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for n-dimensional interpolation, including linear interpolation, recursive interpolation, normalization, and point selection based on proximity, primarily for mathematical and data interpolation tasks.",
  "sources": "Inputs include parameters 'a', 'b', 'c', 'n', 'a', 't', 'i', 'point', and 'points' which are used within functions to perform calculations. The main data source is 'points' and 'point', which are arrays of numerical data used for normalization and point selection.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks are present. The code does not perform network requests, file operations, or system modifications. It solely performs mathematical calculations in memory.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through mathematical operations within functions. The 'normalize' function reads 'points' and 'point', processes them, and outputs normalized values. The 'choose' function sorts and classifies points based on distance calculations. The interpolation functions use input data to compute interpolated values.",
  "anomalies": "There are no suspicious or unusual code segments, hard-coded credentials, or backdoors. The code uses 'mathjs' for mathematical operations, which is common in scientific computation. No obfuscated or misleading variable names are evident. Comments suggest standard mathematical procedures.",
  "analysis": "The code performs mathematical interpolations and point classification with no evidence of malicious intent. It imports a reputable library ('mathjs') for calculations. Functions like 'lerp', 'riterp', and 'nlerp' implement standard interpolation algorithms. The 'choose' function sorts points by distance and classifies them using bitwise logic, which is standard for multidimensional point selection. The 'normalize' function adjusts points relative to dataset maxima, utilizing interpolation to account for geometric inconsistencies. No network, file, or environment manipulation is present. Overall, the code is focused on numerical computation and data normalization without any malicious activities.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a mathematical utility for multidimensional interpolation, point classification, and normalization. It does not contain any malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious network/system activity. The implementation is consistent with standard mathematical algorithms, and no malicious intent or sabotage is evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}