{
  "purpose": "This code implements N-dimensional interpolation methods (linear and recursive) and auxiliary functions for point classification, normalization, and point selection based on proximity, likely for mathematical or graphical computations.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include function parameters such as 'a', 'b', 'c', 'n', 'a', 't', 'i', 'point', and 'points'. External dependencies include the 'mathjs' library for mathematical operations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are functions that process untrusted data: 'riterp', 'nlerp', 'choose', and 'normalize'. These handle user-provided arrays and vectors, which could be manipulated if malicious data is supplied.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input flows from parameters like 'a', 't', 'point', or 'points' into interpolation and classification functions. These functions process data via mathematical operations; no external network or file interactions are present. Data flows from input through computation to returned values.",
  "anomalies": "The 'nlerp' function's implementation involves an unusual and potentially incorrect approach by modifying array elements directly within a loop, which could be a logic bug but not malicious. The code contains commented-out lines that hint at input validation but are inactive, reducing defensive checks. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls are present. No obfuscated or hidden code features are detected. The code appears focused solely on mathematical processing.",
  "analysis": "The code provides functions for linear and ND interpolation, with support for recursive and optimized methods. It relies on 'mathjs' for computations. Functions like 'choose' and 'normalize' operate on input arrays to select nearby points and scale data. No network requests, system commands, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The functions accept arbitrary data, which could theoretically be exploited if used maliciously, but there is no evidence of malicious intent or backdoors. The overall design is mathematical and procedural, with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of mathematical interpolation routines with auxiliary point-processing functions. There are no signs of malware, malicious payloads, or security risks. Its primary risk is potential misuse with malicious input data, but the functions themselves are safe. No obfuscation or malicious behavior is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}