{
  "purpose": "The code sets up a React SDK/component management system, importing modules for environment, nodes, integrations, and versioning, defining a class RWR with methods for component registration, rendering, and environment info, and exposing a singleton instance globally via window or global objects.",
  "sources": "Imports modules ('./env', './nodes', './integrations-manager', './integrations/react', './version'), reads environment variables and module exports, and accesses window or global objects for global assignment.",
  "sinks": "Global assignment of RWR object to window.RWR or global.RWR, which could be exploited if malicious code gains access, but no other sinks such as network calls or data leaks are present.",
  "flows": "Code imports data from modules, assigns methods to the RWR class, creates a singleton instance, and assigns it to the global scope via run() method, making the RWR object accessible globally.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious network activity. The global exposure pattern is typical for SDKs but could be a vector if the environment is compromised.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward React SDK setup, importing modules, defining a class with component management methods, and exposing an instance globally. No malicious or obfuscated code is present. The global exposure is standard but could be exploited if malicious code is introduced elsewhere. The scores in the reports (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, risk: ~0.1-0.2) are consistent with this benign analysis. No evidence of malicious activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code's structure and behavior are typical for such SDKs, and the global assignment is a common pattern. Therefore, the overall security risk is minimal, and the malware score is justified as 0.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React SDK/component setup exposing a global object for integration. It contains no malicious or obfuscated elements. The global exposure pattern is typical but should be used cautiously. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate and justified, reflecting a benign and safe code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}