{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom HTTP client class 'ScopedClient' for making HTTP requests with configurable options, supporting methods like GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, and HEAD.",
  "sources": "Inputs are taken from function parameters such as URL strings, options objects, method names, request bodies, and callback functions. Data is read from options (e.g., headers, hostname, path, query), as well as method arguments.",
  "sinks": "Data flows include request writing via req.write(reqBody), response data collection in resp.on('data'), and callback invocation. Headers are set from options, and request parameters are constructed from user inputs.",
  "flows": "Sources (parameters and options) feed into request construction (headers, path, query). Data is written to requests (e.g., req.write), and responses are processed via resp.on('data') and resp.on('end'), eventually invoking callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "Code uses an outdated 'http.createClient', which is deprecated; no explicit hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. No obfuscated code, malicious network connections, or system damage actions are evident. The code appears to be a standard custom HTTP client implementation with no suspicious behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code creates a customizable HTTP client class supporting multiple HTTP methods, with functions for setting headers, path, query parameters, authentication, and other options. It handles request creation, data sending, and response processing via callbacks. No signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or covert communications are evident. Usage of deprecated 'http.createClient' indicates outdated practices but not malicious activity. The code structure and logic are consistent with legitimate HTTP client implementations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard HTTP client library with no malicious behavior or sabotage detected. It does not exhibit malware signals or security risks beyond being outdated. The overall security risk is minimal, with no evidence of intentional harm or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}