{
  "purpose": "This code module primarily handles importing various chart components and React libraries to facilitate data visualization within a React application.",
  "sources": "The code reads module dependencies such as 'react', 'moment', and other internal modules; it also references modules for different chart types and creates a React component for rendering SVG-based charts.",
  "sinks": "There are no evident sinks in this fragment that send data over networks, write to system files, or execute commands. The code does not include network requests or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Dependencies are imported at the start; the chart components are initialized and exported; within React components, data flows from props and state to rendering elements; no external untrusted data is processed in a way that could lead to security issues.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a typical bundled JavaScript chunk generated by a module bundler (such as Webpack), containing minified, transpiled React components. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. No obfuscation or malware-like behavior is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a bundled JavaScript module exporting React chart components with dependencies on 'react' and 'moment'. It includes standard React class components, prop types, and rendering logic for SVG charts. The structure suggests a standard build artifact for UI components. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as network activity, system manipulation, or data exfiltration. The code is minified, which is typical for production bundles, but not indicative of obfuscation or malicious intent. Overall, the code appears legitimate, functional, and safe.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a typical bundled React chart component module with no suspicious or malicious code detected. It functions to render data visualizations and does not contain malware or security risks. The minification and bundling are standard for production code.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}