{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a module bundler output, primarily importing React, moment, and chart components, and exporting chart-related components for rendering visualizations.",
  "sources": "Data is read from imported modules (e.g., react, moment, chart components) and from module parameters; no external or untrusted sources directly feeding data are evident.",
  "sinks": "Rendering functions that output React components and DOM elements; no direct data leaks or system effects are apparent.",
  "flows": "Imports → Component definitions and rendering functions; data flows from module inputs into component props and rendering logic.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes require statements for modules like 'react', 'moment', and chart components, which is standard. The error handling for missing modules throws exceptions with descriptive messages, which is normal. The code is mostly structured as typical React component definitions with no suspicious logic or hidden code. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are visible. Source maps comment at the end suggests standard build process.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical JavaScript module bundle output, generated by a bundler (like Webpack). It imports necessary libraries and components, defines React components for rendering charts, and sets default properties and PropTypes. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or malicious payloads are detected. The use of require and module.exports is consistent with standard module systems. No suspicious network activity, system modifications, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code's structure and content indicate normal operation for a chart rendering library.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard, benign JavaScript module bundle for rendering charts with React. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this fragment. It seems safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}