{
  "purpose": "This code provides matrix transformations and coefficients for color space conversions between various color models (OKLab, LMS, XYZ, sRGB, DisplayP3, Rec2020, A98RGB, ProPhotoRGB). Its primary purpose is to facilitate color manipulation in rendering or image processing workflows.",
  "sources": "The code defines constant arrays that contain transformation matrices and coefficients; these are static data structures initialized directly in the source code. No input or external data sources are read at runtime.",
  "sinks": "There are no identifiable sinks such as network communications, file system writes, or command executions within this code fragment. It strictly defines data constants for color transformations.",
  "flows": "Since the code only contains static definitions, there are no data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks. The matrices and coefficients are used internally within color conversion functions (not present here).",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The code appears to be auto-generated documentation for color transformation matrices. There are no dynamic or obfuscated code patterns, no code injection, and no suspicious behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises only static exports of numerical matrices and coefficients used for color space conversions. These matrices are standard and well-documented in color science literature. The comments indicate they are auto-generated and intended for color processing purposes. There are no indications of malicious behavior or unusual code practices. The lack of runtime logic, input/output operations, or external calls supports the conclusion that this code is purely data definition. No security risks or malicious intent are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of static matrices and coefficients for color space conversions, generated by a tool. There are no signs of malicious activity, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities. It appears to be benign, functional code intended for use in color management. The security risk is minimal, and confidence in this assessment is high.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}