{
  "purpose": "This script extends the svg.js library to add pan and zoom functionality for SVG elements, enabling interactive manipulation of SVG graphics through panning and zooming gestures.",
  "sources": "The code reads event data from user interactions such as 'touchstart', 'touchmove', 'touchend', 'wheel', 'mousedown', and 'mouseup'. It also reads SVG element attributes like 'viewbox', 'width', and 'height'.",
  "sinks": "The code updates the SVG viewbox via this.viewbox(), potentially affecting the rendered SVG display based on user input. It dispatches custom events such as 'zoom', 'pinchZoomStart', 'panStart', and 'panEnd'. It does not appear to send data externally or invoke network requests.",
  "flows": "User interactions (sources) trigger event handlers that compute new viewbox parameters (sinks) for zooming and panning. Event handlers like wheelZoom, panning, pinchZoom modify the viewbox based on normalized input data, maintaining constraints if margins are set.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behaviors such as hardcoded credentials, system calls, or network communications are present. The code focuses solely on SVG manipulation and event handling. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic evaluation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code carefully normalizes input events from mouse and touch interactions. It calculates viewbox transformations for zooming and panning, applying constraints if margins are configured. Event dispatches are used for extensibility. No data exfiltration, network access, or hidden behaviors are evident. The code appears to be a legitimate enhancement for SVG interaction, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a benign SVG manipulation plugin that adds user interaction capabilities for zooming and panning. It does not perform any malicious activities such as data theft, network communication, or system modification. The implementation is consistent with standard SVG interaction patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}