{
  "purpose": "The code implements SVG pan and zoom functionality, including support for wheel zoom, pinch zoom, and panning interactions, enhancing SVG interactivity in a web application.",
  "sources": "The code reads user input events such as 'touchstart', 'touchmove', 'touchend', 'mousedown', 'mousemove', 'mouseup', and wheel events to control zoom and pan behaviors.",
  "sinks": "The code updates the SVG viewbox via the 'viewbox' method, which is a sink where untrusted input (e.g., user interactions) influences the SVG display state.",
  "flows": "User input events (sources) trigger event handlers that calculate transformations and update the viewbox, influencing the displayed SVG content. Specifically, events like wheel zoom or touch gestures lead to calls to 'this.viewbox(box)', altering the SVG view.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code or hardcoded credentials detected. The code uses standard event handling and mathematical operations for transformations. No network calls, data exfiltration, or file operations are present. The code appears to be a standard plugin for SVG manipulation.",
  "analysis": "The code defines an SVG panzoom plugin that responds to user interactions such as mouse wheel, touch gestures, and mouse drag for panning. It normalizes event data, manages event listeners for different interaction modes, and adjusts the SVG viewbox accordingly. It uses standard math and event handling, with no evidence of data leaks, network requests, or malicious logic. The purpose is purely enhancing SVG interactivity without any malicious behavior. No obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or suspicious external calls are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard SVG panzoom plugin with no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It handles user interaction securely and does not perform any unauthorized actions or data exfiltration. Therefore, it is safe to use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}