{
  "purpose": "This code defines utility functions for filtering property names based on patterns such as exact match, containment, start/end with specific characters, and their negations. It appears to be part of a larger system for pattern-based property filtering.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'propList' array passed to filter functions and from the 'prop' parameter in the matcher function created by createPropListMatcher.",
  "sinks": "The 'prop' parameter is used for string pattern matching; no direct sinks for untrusted data leading to leaks or system effects are present.",
  "flows": "The pattern lists are processed and filtered, then used to create matchers that compare properties against these patterns for inclusion or exclusion. Data flows from input arrays through filtering functions to the matcher logic.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code or anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or malicious logic are present. The code performs standard pattern matching and filtering functions. No dynamic code execution or network activity is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines pattern matching functions for property lists, supporting inclusion and exclusion rules based on exact matches, containment, and start/end patterns. It processes the provided list to categorize patterns and returns a matcher function that applies these rules to properties. The logic is straightforward, relying solely on string operations and pattern checks. No suspicious behavior, external communications, or malicious activities are evident. The code appears to be a utility module for filtering property names, typical in configuration or filtering logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility for property filtering based on pattern rules. It does not contain any malicious or suspicious behavior. It is safe, standard, and purpose-driven without hidden or harmful intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}