{
  "purpose": "This code implements a JavaScript client for AWS Lambda invocation, including credential management via environment variables, request signing with AWS Signature v4, endpoint resolution, and network requests using fetch API. It functions as a custom SDK-like utility for invoking Lambda functions securely.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables for AWS credentials (accessKeyId, secretAccessKey, sessionToken), configuration parameters for endpoint and region, and input data for requests.",
  "sinks": "Network requests to AWS Lambda endpoints, cryptographic signing functions, and response handling. No data leaks or external data exfiltration observed.",
  "flows": "Source: Environment variables and input parameters → Credential and configuration setup → Request signing and endpoint resolution → Network request via fetch → Response processing and error handling.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, no obfuscation, no suspicious network activity or code patterns. The cryptographic functions and network calls are standard for SDKs.",
  "analysis": "The code is a complex but legitimate implementation of an AWS Lambda client, including cryptographic signing, environment variable credential retrieval, and network communication. It employs standard cryptography and request handling patterns. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or obfuscation techniques are present. The scores assigned in the reports (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, low risk ~0.2) are consistent with the code's behavior and structure. The high confidence scores (~0.9-0.95) are justified given the detailed analysis and typical SDK patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate AWS SDK-like client for Lambda invocation, with no indicators of malicious activity, sabotage, or obfuscation. The overall security risk is low, primarily due to credential handling via environment variables, which is standard but should be managed securely. The malware score remains at 0, obfuscation at 0, and a low risk score (~0.2) is appropriate. The reports are accurate and consistent with the code's behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}