{
  "purpose": "Provides utility functions and configuration for WebRTC peer connections, including logging, support checks, data chunking, and binary data handling.",
  "sources": "Reads from window properties (mozRTCPeerConnection, webkitRTCPeerConnection, RTCPeerConnection), global location.protocol, and requires external modules ('js-binarypack' and './adapter'). No user input or network input directly read.",
  "sinks": "Logs to console, calls external modules, and manages peer connection configurations. No direct sinks that handle untrusted data or perform dangerous operations.",
  "flows": "Uses configuration data for WebRTC setup, logging functions, and binary data processing. No flow from untrusted sources to dangerous sinks identified.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'Math.random()' for token generation, which is not cryptographically secure. Extensive logging setup with configurable levels. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors found. No evidence of data leakage or suspicious external network connections. The code appears to be standard utility for WebRTC and logging; no malicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes browser support checks for WebRTC features, manages logging with configurable levels, handles binary data chunking and conversion, and provides utility functions. It uses 'Math.random()' for token generation, which is a security concern for cryptographic purposes but not malicious per se. No network operations or external data exfiltration found. The code structure is standard and does not contain obfuscation or malicious constructs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a utility module for WebRTC peer connection setup and debugging. No malicious or sabotage behavior is evident. The only minor security consideration is the use of Math.random() for token generation, which may not be suitable for security-sensitive tokens but does not constitute malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}