{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for a WebRTC-based peer-to-peer communication library, including configuration, logging, browser support detection, data handling, and security checks.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration data (defaultConfig, CLOUD_HOST, CLOUD_PORT, TURN_HOST, TURN_PORT), user input for log level and functions (setLogLevel, setLogFunction), and runtime environment detection (browser support, location.protocol).",
  "sinks": "Potentially vulnerable points include logging functions, dynamic code execution via require('js-binarypack'), use of WebRTC APIs, and the randomToken function. However, no direct data leaks or external communications are implemented here.",
  "flows": "Input data (configuration, user functions, environment info) flow through support checks, logging, and utility functions. No external network flows are directly embedded in this code snippet; it's primarily utility setup.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials other than server hostnames and ports. No backdoors or suspicious code. Usage of require('js-binarypack') is standard for binary data handling. The randomToken function uses Math.random() which is predictable but not malicious. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution beyond standard module requiring.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of utility functions for WebRTC peer connections, including environment detection, support checking, logging configuration, and binary data handling. It includes support for different browsers, logging levels, and binary chunking, which are typical in real-time communication libraries. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, or malicious behavior is evident. The only minor concern is the use of Math.random() in randomToken, which is predictable but not malicious. Overall, the code appears standard and safe within its context.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for a WebRTC peer-to-peer library, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles configuration, environment detection, support checks, and data processing securely. There are no indications of malware, data leakage, or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}