{
  "purpose": "The code implements a basic assertion library for testing, including functions for equality, deep equality, and exception handling, primarily used for unit testing in JavaScript environments.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters (actual, expected, message), and internal variables such as buffers, objects, and arguments. It does not process external input streams or network data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include throwing AssertionError objects with detailed information, but these are controlled and used for testing purposes only. There are no sinks that lead to data leakage, network connections, or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into assertion functions, which then perform comparisons and throw errors if conditions are not met. No external data or untrusted sources are processed outside of these assertions.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors are present. The code is a standard assertion library with no obfuscated or malicious code segments. The 'fail' function straightforwardly throws errors; no hidden logic or dynamic code execution is observed.",
  "analysis": "The script is a self-contained, standard assertion module similar to Node.js's 'assert' library. It defines error classes, inheritance, and assertion functions for testing purposes. The code uses typical patterns for error handling and deep equality checks. There are no indications of malicious behavior, such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code appears to be a legitimate, open-source testing utility with no suspicious elements.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard testing assertion library with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain obfuscated code, malware, or vulnerabilities. The code is safe for use in JavaScript testing environments.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}