{
  "purpose": "The code defines a JavaScript module for managing and rendering source code examples, including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and scenarios, for a web-based demo or documentation tool.",
  "sources": "Input data from function parameters such as 'scenarios' and 'content' in 'addSource' method; environment variables are not used; no external inputs are directly read from untrusted sources within the code.",
  "sinks": "HTML content rendering in 'toHtml' methods, dynamic injection of CSS and JS snippets into HTML, and manipulation of DOM elements with Angular directives. No dangerous network, system, or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Content is added via 'addSource' method, stored internally, then rendered through 'toHtml' and related methods, which generate HTML snippets for display. Data flows from input parameters to generated HTML, but no untrusted data processing leads to external effects.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of a source code demo manager with standard features. No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present.",
  "analysis": "The module manages source code snippets and generates HTML interfaces for editing and previewing code examples. It tracks used identifiers, manages dependencies, and dynamically creates HTML elements. There are no signs of malicious intent such as network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoor code. The code uses standard practices for HTML string generation and Angular integration. The only minor concern could be the dynamic injection of code snippets into HTML, but it is contained and appears intended for demo purposes.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign source code management and rendering utility for web demos or documentation. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. The overall security risk is minimal, and no malware-like activity is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}