{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript module for managing and generating HTML content for scenarios, including adding dependencies, sources, and rendering HTML views.",
  "sources": "Functions and methods that read input data include addDeps (parsing dependencies), addSource (processing source files), and the constructor accepting 'scenarios'. The code also reads from the 'name' and 'content' parameters.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include HTML content generation with concatenation, DOM manipulation points via ng- directives, and inline injection of source content into style and script tags. The content is directly embedded into HTML without sanitization.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (name, content, scenarios) through addSource and other methods, into internal arrays and then into HTML output via methods like toHtml and toHtmlEmbed. The code dynamically constructs HTML, embedding source contents directly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. No obfuscated code, eval, or dynamic execution observed. The code handles source contents and IDs in a straightforward manner. There are no suspicious network calls or system interactions. The only point of concern is the direct embedding of source content into HTML output without sanitization, which could be risky if sources are malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a framework for managing source files related to scenarios, with functions to add dependencies and sources, and generate HTML views. It maintains unique IDs for sources, manages dependencies, and produces HTML snippets for source editing, tabbed views, and embedded demos. No dynamic code execution, network operations, or obfuscated code detected. The embedding of source content into HTML without sanitization could potentially allow injection if sources are malicious, but the code itself does not perform any malicious actions or malicious data handling. The logic is mainly about content management and presentation.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a content management and HTML rendering utility for scenario-based testing or demos. It does not contain malware, suspicious network activity, or malicious behavior. The primary security concern is the embedding of source content into HTML without sanitization, which could be exploited if source contents are malicious. Overall, the code is straightforward and does not show signs of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}