{
  "purpose": "This class provides statistical analysis and visualization functions for a stream of numerical data, including moment calculations, quantile estimation, and plotting routines.",
  "sources": "Data is read from internal buffers 'vs' and 'rs' which store the data points and related statistics; data can also be input via the 'push' method.",
  "sinks": "Methods like 'plotF' and 'plotf' generate visual output on a canvas, which do not send data externally. No network communication or file system access is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'push' method into internal buffers; statistical computations ('Σ', 'M', 'Q', etc.) read from these buffers; visualization functions ('plotF', 'plotf') read from buffers for rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code constructs are present. The code contains complex numerical methods but no evident malicious logic or obfuscation. No external data exfiltration, network calls, or harmful system manipulations are visible.",
  "analysis": "The class performs in-memory statistical calculations and visualization routines, relying solely on internal buffers and standard Math functions. The constructor initializes data buffers with input size, and the 'push' method updates the buffers with new data, including some compression logic. All methods operate on these buffers for statistical analysis and plotting, with no external communications or side effects. No suspicious patterns, such as data exfiltration, network activity, or hidden code, are detected. The code is complex but appears to be legitimate statistical and plotting utilities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a statistical analysis and visualization utility with no signs of malicious behavior. It does not perform any network activity, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. The complexity of the code may be justified by advanced statistical computations, but no malicious intent or malware-like behavior is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}