{
  "purpose": "The class appears to be a statistical data structure for managing and analyzing a set of random variables, providing methods for statistical moments, quantiles, and plotting. It is designed for statistical sampling and analysis.",
  "sources": "Input data is read when values are pushed into the buffer via the push() method. The constructor reads from an input buffer if provided. No external data sources are explicitly referenced outside of method parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain external data sinks such as network calls, file writes, or environment variable accesses. Visualization methods use a provided canvas context, which is safe assuming the caller manages security.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into internal buffers through push() or constructor initialization. Calculations use these internal buffers to produce statistical metrics and plots. No external data flow is evident beyond method parameters and internal buffer manipulations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are present. The code uses standard mathematical and statistical techniques. The only notable aspect is the complex buffer management for statistical calculations, which appears legitimate. No obfuscated code or dynamic eval statements are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a statistical buffer class, managing internal arrays for values and indices. It provides methods for statistical moments, quantiles, probability functions, and plotting. The constructor manages buffers carefully, and the push() method updates the buffers with new values, maintaining statistical properties. The helper function topIndex() performs binary searches. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or code injection. The code appears to be a self-contained statistical utility module. No external or hidden data leaks, backdoors, or malicious code are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a statistical data structure for managing and analyzing random variables. It operates solely on internal buffers, provides statistical functions, and offers plotting capabilities. There are no indicators of malicious behavior or security risks within this module. The code seems legitimate and safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}