{
  "purpose": "Custom mode extension for Mapbox GL Draw to create circular polygons with a specified radius.",
  "sources": "Require statements for '@mapbox/mapbox-gl-draw', '@turf/circle', and local utility '../utils/create_geojson_circle'. Usage of 'require' indicates dependency imports; no user input handling observed.",
  "sinks": "No sinks or data outputs to external systems, network, or files are present in this code snippet.",
  "flows": "Code initializes a custom draw mode, creates a polygon feature with properties indicating it's a circle, and updates its coordinates based on user interaction (click events). The flow involves setting up the feature, handling clicks to set center and generate circle geometry, then switching modes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious variable manipulations. Usage of local utility 'createGeoJSONCircle' is assumed safe; no evidence of malicious behavior in this function from the provided code.",
  "analysis": "The code extends Mapbox GL Draw to allow users to create circles by clicking on the map. It sets up a feature with properties indicating it's a circle, disables double click zoom to improve UX, and updates the feature with circle geometry upon the first click. The geometry is generated using an external utility function. The code only manages map drawing behavior without external communication, credential handling, or data leaks. There are no signs of malicious payloads, external data exfiltration, or suspicious network activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate extension for drawing circles in a map application. It does not contain malware or malicious intent. The only noteworthy aspect is its reliance on external utilities and map interactions, which seem safe. Overall, no security risks are identified within this code snippet.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}