{
  "purpose": "A process management CLI that lists processes matching a name and allows the user to select and kill a process by ID.",
  "sources": "User input for process name and process ID; output from external scripts 'parse_ps.sh' and 'kill.sh'.",
  "sinks": "Shell commands executed via exec() with user-controlled data, notably './lib/parse_ps.sh' and './lib/kill.sh' with parameters derived from user input.",
  "flows": "User inputs process name and process ID; process name is passed to 'parse_ps.sh'; user selects process ID; selected process ID is passed to 'kill.sh' for termination.",
  "anomalies": "User inputs are directly concatenated into shell commands without sanitization or escaping; reliance on external scripts without validation; minimal validation on process index range.",
  "analysis": "The code reads user input for process name and process ID, then executes external scripts with these inputs. It does not sanitize or escape inputs before passing them into shell commands, creating a command injection risk. The process list is parsed and filtered, but the inputs used in commands are unvalidated. External scripts' security is unknown; if malicious, they could execute arbitrary commands. The code itself is straightforward, with no obfuscation or malicious code embedded. The main concern is the potential for command injection due to unsanitized inputs, which could lead to arbitrary code execution if exploited. Malware score is 0, as no malicious behavior is evident within this code segment. Risk score is approximately 0.75, reflecting the significant vulnerability from unvalidated user input passed into shell commands. Obfuscation score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. The overall security posture is moderate, primarily due to input handling vulnerabilities.",
  "conclusion": "The script itself contains no malicious code or backdoors but is vulnerable to command injection due to unsanitized user inputs passed directly into shell commands. External scripts' security impacts the overall risk but cannot be assessed here. The malware score remains at 0, and obfuscation is absent. The high risk score (~0.75) is justified by the potential for exploitation through input manipulation. To improve security, inputs should be sanitized or passed as arguments via safer APIs. Overall, the code is functionally simple but requires input validation to mitigate injection risks.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.75,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}