{
  "purpose": "The script sets up a temporary environment, optionally loads TensorFlow.js, and executes an extraction process based on command-line arguments, with cleanup routines on process termination.",
  "sources": "Input sources include command-line arguments (_commandLineArguments2.default) and filesystem checks (_fs2.default.existsSync). Data flow from command-line arguments influences conditional module loading.",
  "sinks": "Potential sink points are requiring TensorFlow.js, filesystem deletion with rimraf, process exit calls, and console logging. Notably, the cleanup function deletes temporary directories if they exist.",
  "flows": "Data flows from command-line arguments and filesystem checks; conditional module import of '@tensorflow/tfjs-node' based on argument; cleanup function called on process termination signals; the 'proc' function executes extraction with provided directory.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. No obfuscation or unnecessary dynamic code execution observed. Usage of process signals and cleanup routines appears standard. The code's intent is clear and benign.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes by creating a temporary directory, sets up cleanup handlers for various process termination events, and conditionally loads TensorFlow.js if specified via command-line arguments. It executes an asynchronous extraction process within 'proc', passing the temporary directory. Cleanup involves checking if the directory exists and removing it via rimraf. The code uses standard modules and practices, with no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, system compromise, or hidden backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate setup script managing temporary directories and optional TensorFlow.js loading. There are no indicators of malicious intent or security risks. All observed behaviors are standard for such utility scripts.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}