{
  "purpose": "A mathematical library for symbolic and numeric matrix operations, supporting creation, transformation, inversion, determinant calculation, and other advanced matrix functions.",
  "sources": "Constructor functions, expression objects (imported from './Expression.js'), internal data manipulations, callback functions during row operations.",
  "sinks": "Internal data flows; no external network, file, or system command interactions detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input matrices and expressions through various matrix operations, including transformations, row reductions, and calculations, with optional callback invocations.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of 'debugger' statements and comments about obfuscation, which are typical during development but not malicious. Use of callback functions is standard and does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard matrix algebra with symbolic expression support, including functions for creating zero and identity matrices, transpose, multiply, inverse, determinant, rank, and row reduction. No external communication, data exfiltration, or malicious code is present. Debugging artifacts are noted but are common during development. The use of callback functions during matrix operations is a flexible pattern, not inherently malicious. The symbolic expressions are handled with care, and no signs of obfuscation or sabotage are evident. The malware score is 0, as no malicious payloads or behaviors are detected. The obfuscation score is 0, given the code's clarity. The overall security risk is very low, approximately 0.1–0.2, mainly due to debugging statements and callback mechanisms, which are standard features in such libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate, comprehensive matrix algebra library supporting symbolic computations. It contains no malicious activity, backdoors, or sabotage. The observed artifacts are typical for development and do not pose security concerns. The scores assigned in the reports are appropriate and consistent with the code's content.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}