{
  "purpose": "A retry utility function designed to repeatedly invoke an asynchronous adapter function with configurable retry count, delay, and interval, handling errors gracefully.",
  "sources": "The adapter function passed as an argument, which is invoked within the retry loop.",
  "sinks": "Potential external adapter function; within this code, no direct sinks for untrusted data are present.",
  "flows": "The adapter function is called within a generator-based retry loop, with delays managed via setTimeout; errors are caught and retried based on configuration.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies detected; code uses standard patterns. The use of 'SuppressedError' is typical for error handling and not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard asynchronous retry mechanism using generator functions and Promises. It accepts a user-provided 'adapter' function, which could be malicious if supplied by an attacker, but the utility code itself is benign. No hardcoded secrets, network connections, or data leaks are present. The code's complexity stems from generator and Promise chaining but aligns with common retry patterns. All reports correctly identify the code as a benign retry utility, with malware scores at 0 or very low, obfuscation scores near zero, and low security risk scores (~0.1-0.2). The main external risk is the behavior of the 'adapter' function, which is outside the scope of this utility. Overall, the code is safe, with no malicious intent or obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a standard, benign retry utility with no signs of malicious behavior or obfuscation. The low security risk score reflects the external dependency on the 'adapter' function, which could be malicious if misused, but this is outside the code's scope. The malware score remains at 0, and obfuscation is minimal. The reports' assessments are accurate and consistent with this analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}