{
  "purpose": "The code provides an interface for interacting with ARKit features in a React Native environment, including configuration options, event handling, and device capability checks.",
  "sources": "Imports from 'expo-constants', 'react-native' modules, and native modules such as 'ExponentAR'. Functions that access device info (Constants, Platform), and native module methods (ExponentAR) that retrieve or set AR configurations and states.",
  "sinks": "Native module method calls (e.g., performHitTest, setDetectionImagesAsync, getCurrentFrame, getARMatrices, startAsync, etc.) that may process or control AR-related data. Event listeners registered via 'emitter' for AR events.",
  "flows": "Input from user interactions or device sensors flows into native module methods or event listeners; data is read from device capabilities and configuration functions, then passed to native AR modules or dispatched as events.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code solely interfaces with native modules and device info. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or hidden backdoors are present. No unusual or malicious API usage observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured interface for ARKit in React Native, exposing configuration options, event handling, and device capability checks. It relies on native modules for core functionality and wraps native calls with safety checks. No signs of data exfiltration, malicious network activity, or backdoors. It primarily reads device info and AR states, which is typical for AR SDKs. The code is clean, well-structured, and focused on device features without any suspicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate interface for ARKit functionality in React Native, with no evidence of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It adheres to expected patterns for such modules, and all data flows are confined within device capabilities and native interactions. No security threats are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}