{
  "purpose": "This code defines and extends the functionality of Either type (Right and Left) from the 'purify-ts' library, adding custom iterator, traversal, and sequence methods.",
  "sources": "Imports from './pointfree/do' and 'purify-ts/Either'. The code also reads properties of the 'Either' prototypes, such as '__value'.",
  "sinks": "Methods like 'traverse', 'sequence', and property accesses on '_right' and '_left' objects, which could lead to method calls that process data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the Either instances ('Right' or 'Left') through methods like 'traverse' and 'sequence', which process '__value' properties. The flow involves method calls that operate on these data points.",
  "anomalies": "Unusual code includes manual extension of prototypes, adding iterator and fantasy-land methods to the Either prototypes. The comment 'God, I'm so sorry' is informal and possibly indicates obfuscation or code hijacking intentions. The code accesses '__value' directly, which is an internal property, possibly for custom handling.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard functional programming constructs and extends the 'Right' and 'Left' prototypes with additional methods such as iterator support and fantasy-land algebraic structures. The modifications appear to be designed for integrating 'Either' with other functional abstractions. There are no signs of malicious code such as network calls, system modifications, or data leaks. The use of internal properties like '__value' could be risky if malicious code manipulates internal states, but this is typical for custom extensions. The comment and some code patterns could hint at attempts to obfuscate or tamper, but no active malicious behaviors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code primarily extends functional constructs for the 'Either' type from a well-known library. No evidence of malicious behavior or malware was detected. The code’s modifications could impact security if misused, but within this context, it appears to be standard extension code with no malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}