{
  "purpose": "This code defines and extends functionalities for Either type from the 'purify-ts' library, adding custom iterator, traverse, and sequence methods, and re-exporting the main constructors.",
  "sources": "Imports from './pointfree/do' and 'purify-ts/Either'; usage of prototype modifications on Either's Right and Left instances; references to internal properties like '__value'.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks present; no untrusted data handling or external data outputs observed.",
  "flows": "The code creates prototype methods for Either instances, enabling iteration, traversal, and sequencing. No external data flow or untrusted input handling identified.",
  "anomalies": "Prototypes of Either's Right and Left are augmented with custom methods, which could potentially be exploited if malicious code injects or overrides these prototypes elsewhere. The comment 'God, I'm so sorry' suggests possible malicious intent or obfuscation, although it may be humorous or placeholder.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily extends the Either type by adding iterator and functional methods to its prototypes, enabling more flexible usage of these objects. It re-exports core constructors. There are no evident data inputs, outputs, or external connections within this snippet. The prototype modifications could pose risks if combined with malicious external code, as they override or extend existing functionality. The comment 'God, I'm so sorry' might indicate obfuscation or malicious intent, but without external context, this is speculative. The code does not perform any network activity, file access, or system modifications. Overall, it appears to be a complex but benign extension of a functional programming construct, though the prototype modifications warrant caution.",
  "conclusion": "The code mainly extends the 'Either' type with additional methods and re-exports. There is no direct malicious behavior or external data leaks. However, prototype modifications can be risky if misused. The overall risk is low, but caution should be exercised regarding prototype alterations in broader codebases.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}