{
  "purpose": "The code extends prototypes of 'Right' and 'Left' from 'purify-ts' with iterator, traverse, and sequence methods, and re-exports these types. It also accesses internal properties like '__value' for traversal purposes. The humorous comment suggests developer humor rather than malicious intent.",
  "sources": "Prototype modifications of external library objects ('Right' and 'Left'), internal property '__value', and imported modules.",
  "sinks": "No external data output, network activity, or system modifications are present. The code only alters internal prototypes and exports types.",
  "flows": "Methods like 'traverse' and 'sequence' operate on internal properties (__value) and return new monadic structures; no external data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "Prototype extension of external library objects and access to internal properties (__value) are unusual and potentially risky. The humorous comment 'God, I'm so sorry' is suspicious but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code modifies prototypes of 'Right' and 'Left' to add iterator and traversal capabilities, which can be risky if other code relies on the original prototypes. The internal property '__value' is accessed, which is fragile and could cause issues if the internal structure changes. No network, file, or system operations are performed. The comments are humorous and do not indicate malicious intent. The scores assigned (malware=0, obfuscated=0, securityRisk=0.2) are appropriate given the benign nature but acknowledge prototype modifications as a potential risk. Overall, the code is a benign extension of a functional programming library, with prototype modifications that should be reviewed in broader contexts but are not inherently malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign, involving prototype extensions and internal property access without malicious payloads or external communication. The scores are justified and consistent with the analysis. Prototype modifications pose a minor risk but do not constitute malware or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}