{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for array, string, and number manipulations, including normalization, median, mean, string encoding, binary operations, and number padding and range checks.",
  "sources": "Functions receive inputs from parameters such as arrays, strings, and numbers, which are supplied by the caller. No external data sources or untrusted input handling is explicitly shown in the code.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the conversion functions (toUTF8Array, binAdd, binToInt, binToHex, trunc, padZero) that process data which could be manipulated if inputs are untrusted, but there are no network or system-level data leaks, or system commands executed. No direct data leaks or external system calls are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from function parameters into internal processing steps, with no external outputs or network transmissions. The functions operate purely on data transformations within the code context.",
  "anomalies": "The implementation of 'binToInt' lacks a return statement, meaning it does not output or return any value, which is a coding error but not malicious. The 'binAdd' function's while loop condition uses an undefined variable 'length' (should be 'len'), which is a bug but not malicious. The mean function calculates 'n' as 'arr.length / arr[0]', which is mathematically incorrect for computing the mean and appears to be a bug. These are coding mistakes, not malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls are present. The code uses standard mathematical and encoding operations.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of utility functions with standard mathematical, string, and number manipulation tasks. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network connections, data exfiltration, or code injection. However, some functions contain implementation errors: 'binToInt' does not return a value, 'binAdd' uses an undefined variable 'length', and 'mean' incorrectly calculates 'n' as 'arr.length / arr[0]' instead of summing elements and dividing by count. These are likely bugs rather than malicious. There are no hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious logic intended to harm or compromise data. The functions do not exhibit anomalous behavior beyond these bugs.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions with no malicious intent or suspicious activity. The only concerns are bugs in implementation that could lead to incorrect calculations or runtime errors. No malicious behavior or security risks are detected. Overall, this code appears safe with standard utility functions, though it should be fixed for correctness.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}