{
  "purpose": "The source code appears to be a JavaScript library or module related to promise utilities, possibly for handling asynchronous operations with features like timeout, retry, and batch processing.",
  "sources": "Reads include function definitions, object property descriptors, and global object checks. No explicit data input sources like user input or external data fetching are evident.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are function calls involving global objects, such as setTimeout, Promise.race, and property definitions. No direct untrusted data processing or sensitive data handling is visible.",
  "flows": "Flow involves utility functions calling native JavaScript features (e.g., Promise, setTimeout). There are no apparent source-to-sink flows involving untrusted data; the code mainly defines functions and utility methods.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code includes extensive polyfill and feature detection, which is typical for ensuring compatibility, not malicious intent. No obfuscated or misleading variable names are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a complex, standard-looking utility library that defines functions for managing asynchronous tasks, including timeout and retry logic. It contains polyfills, feature detection, and utility functions, all consistent with secure and common practices. The code does not perform any network communication, data exfiltration, or system modification. It also does not include suspicious code such as hidden backdoors, malicious payloads, or privacy-invasive behavior. The presence of detailed comments and straightforward function definitions suggests benign intent. There is no evidence of obfuscation, malware, or malicious data handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured utility library for promise management with no malicious behavior or security risks detected. It is designed for robustness and compatibility rather than harm or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}