{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a JavaScript module that defines various utility functions and polyfills, likely intended for use in promise-based asynchronous operations, error handling, and environment compatibility.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from environment detection variables (typeof checks, global objects), and some internal variables related to promises and object properties. It does not appear to read untrusted external input directly.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that perform object property definitions, promise resolutions, and error handling. No direct data leaks or system modifications are observed.",
  "flows": "The code primarily flows from environment detection and feature detection to defining polyfills and utility functions. No suspicious source-to-sink data flows are apparent.",
  "anomalies": "The code is highly obfuscated with minified, compacted syntax, making it difficult to read. However, it does not contain obvious malicious constructs like network requests, credential handling, or system modifications. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical UMD (Universal Module Definition) pattern for JavaScript libraries, including polyfills, feature detection, and utility functions for promise handling and environment compatibility. The structure suggests it is a library intended for broad browser and environment support. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as network connections to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or code injection. The obfuscation is consistent with minified open-source libraries. The code’s purpose is to provide Promise utilities and polyfills without any malicious payloads.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, minified utility library for promise handling and environment polyfills. It shows no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. The obfuscation is typical for minified open-source code, with no suspicious or malicious constructs detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.9,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}