{
  "purpose": "The source code defines a Universal Module Definition (UMD) wrapper for a JavaScript library called 'promise-tools', providing utility functions for Promise handling such as timeout, retry, sleep, and warmAll. It aims to offer Promise-based utilities compatible with various module systems.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the global environment, including globalThis, window, self, and other global objects. It also reads internal variables and function parameters during function execution, notably in functions handling task timeouts and retries.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are in functions like ro (abort with timeout), retry, sleep, and warmAll, where user-supplied functions (t()) are invoked, potentially allowing code injection if untrusted functions are passed. However, there are no direct network or file system operations. No dangerous actions like data exfiltration or system modification are present.",
  "flows": "Untrusted functions provided to methods such as t() in 'ro', 'retry', 'sleep', or 'warmAll' can flow into internal Promise race conditions, timeouts, or retries, but there is no evidence of malicious data leakage or external network communication. The flow is limited to executing provided functions and managing Promise states.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard Promise utility library with no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code structures. The obfuscation is minimal; the code uses standard JavaScript language features. No hidden or malicious code detected, and the structure follows common patterns for polyfills and Promise management.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured, typical Promise utility library with UMD pattern support for various environments. It defines functions for aborting tasks with timeout, retrying tasks with limit, sleeping, and batch processing with warmAll. No signs of malicious behavior such as network calls, data theft, or backdoors. The code reads environment globals, but uses them for module detection only. There are no suspicious data flows or anomalies indicating sabotage or malware. The overall code quality suggests a standard utility library without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code is a standard Promise utility library designed to enhance Promise handling with features like timeout, retry, and batch processing. It does not contain malicious behavior, suspicious data flows, or security risks. The code is minimally obfuscated and appears safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}