{
  "purpose": "The provided code primarily consists of JavaScript imports and exports related to UI components, icons, and SVG elements used for rendering visual elements in a web application.",
  "sources": "Imports from './index-Dm_IokvM.js' and './index-DAKvQsU0.js', including numerous component and utility functions. SVG template literals are defined directly within the code.",
  "sinks": "The SVG template literals could potentially be rendered into the DOM, but they do not process untrusted data or user input directly. Imports are static and do not involve dynamic data flows.",
  "flows": "No dynamic data flows from external or untrusted sources to sensitive sinks are evident. The SVG templates are static and hardcoded; imported modules appear to be utility/UI components, not data sources.",
  "anomalies": "The SVG code is standard, minified, and includes only static paths and masks. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network calls, or unusual code constructs are present. The import statements are extensive but appear to be standard component imports. No obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or hidden backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports numerous UI components and utilities, likely from a component library. The SVG constants define static SVG elements with paths, masks, and styling. There are no indications of code injection, dynamic data processing, or network activity. The structure and content suggest this is a UI module for rendering SVG masks and icons. No anomalies such as hidden code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious behaviors are present. The code appears to be straightforward and solely related to UI rendering, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of UI component imports and static SVG templates with no evident malicious behavior or security risks. It is standard for frontend UI rendering and does not perform any unsafe operations or data handling. Therefore, it poses no significant security concern.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}