{
  "purpose": "The code appears to export various React components or UI utilities, and includes SVG assets used for input masks in a UI, likely related to a wallet or financial interface.",
  "sources": "The primary data sources are imported modules, SVG template literals, and export statements. The SVGs are static assets, and the imports are from external JavaScript modules.",
  "sinks": "The SVG assets are static and do not process untrusted data. The export statements do not include any code execution or data handling mechanisms. No sinks are identified that could lead to data leaks or malicious actions.",
  "flows": "The data flows are limited to importing modules, defining SVG strings, and exporting components. No runtime data processing or source-to-sink data flows are apparent.",
  "anomalies": "The SVG template literals are extensive but appear to be static SVG definitions with no embedded dynamic or executable code. Import statements are highly obfuscated with non-descriptive variable names, but they do not indicate malicious behavior directly. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The imported module names are obfuscated, which might suggest attempt to hide functionality, but there is no direct evidence of malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of import and export statements for UI components and static SVG assets. The SVGs are used as graphical assets for input masks and contain no embedded scripts or dynamic content. The import statements are highly obfuscated, importing numerous modules with short, non-descriptive aliases, which could be an attempt to obscure code origin or purpose, but they are from a single external file, suggesting centralized module management. There is no evidence of data handling, user input processing, or network activity within this snippet. No suspicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or system modification is detectable from the provided code.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a collection of UI component exports and static SVG assets, with obfuscated import aliases. There is no indication of malicious behavior or malware. The obfuscation of import names could be suspicious, but without evidence of malicious activity or data manipulation, the code appears to be a benign UI asset module.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0.4,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}