{
  "purpose": "The code exports a set of SVG templates and various utility functions or components for a JavaScript UI library, likely related to a wallet or blockchain interface.",
  "sources": "The code reads from imported modules './index-Dm_IokvM.js' and './index-DAKvQsU0.js'. It also includes inline SVG templates defined with template literals.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks found that process untrusted data; the code mainly defines static SVG templates and exports functions/components.",
  "flows": "No data flows from external sources to sinks are evident. The SVG templates are static and do not process user input or untrusted data.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains large SVG templates with complex path data, but these are static and standard for UI icons or masks. No obfuscated code, hardcoded credentials, or suspicious dynamic execution detected. No network activity or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports multiple utilities and components, likely from a UI library, and defines two SVG template literals for masks. These are static SVG elements with no embedded scripts, event handlers, or dynamic data processing. The export statement maps many named exports, mostly components or utilities, to the import values and the SVG templates. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors. The SVGs appear to be standard graphical masks used for UI rendering. The structure and content are consistent with typical frontend code for a React or similar framework, with no signs of obfuscation or malicious code. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, benign library module with no security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a benign JavaScript module exporting SVG templates and UI components/utilities. No malicious activity, suspicious anomalies, or security risks are identified. The code is static and focused on UI rendering with no indication of supply chain or malware concerns.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}