{
  "purpose": "The code is a configuration script for Rollup, a JavaScript module bundler, used to define build settings, plugins, and output formats for a project called IndoorJS.",
  "sources": "Imports from 'rollup-plugin-*', 'git-rev-sync', and '../package.json'. It reads environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV). No user input or external data sources are explicitly read at runtime.",
  "sinks": "Generated output files (bundled JavaScript files), global variables set in window (e.g., window.I), and conditional plugin inclusion based on environment variables.",
  "flows": "Configuration settings determine how source code is bundled into UMD and ES module formats, including appending banners/outros and conditionally including JSON plugin or git revision info.",
  "anomalies": "Conditional inclusion of 'json()' plugin based on environment variable 'release'. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The code includes commented-out sections which could be confusing but are not malicious. No suspicious network activity, obfuscated code, or malicious logic detected.",
  "analysis": "The code serves as a build configuration, importing necessary plugins and setting parameters for the bundling process. It conditionally adds the 'json' plugin or 'rollup-plugin-git-version' depending on the environment. It sets global variables and output formats clearly. No malicious code, backdoors, or malware behaviors are present. The code structure is typical for build scripts, with no signs of obfuscation or hidden malicious actions. It primarily manipulates build outputs and configuration settings.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a straightforward build configuration script for bundling JavaScript modules. There are no signs of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. It appropriately uses plugins and environment variables to control build output. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}