{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for handling fetch API requests, including basic fetch responses, error handling, and response processing, likely for use in network communication within a larger JavaScript application.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include function parameters such as 'call', 'url', 'parameters', and 'response'. The code reads data from external URLs via fetch calls and processes response objects.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the fetch requests that send data, and the console error logs that could reveal sensitive information if misused. The functions do not directly write to files or execute system commands.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into fetch calls; responses are processed through promise chains and error handling functions. Responses from fetch are parsed or wrapped in custom error objects, and errors are caught and parsed for debugging.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors. The code uses standard fetch API patterns, error handling, and response processing. No suspicious code injections or obfuscation are present. No network requests to suspicious domains or hidden data exfiltration mechanisms are evident.",
  "analysis": "The functions utilize standard fetch API calls with proper error handling and response parsing. The error construction includes response status checks and messages, which are typical in robust network request handling. No suspicious or malicious logic, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden network communications, are detected. The code appears to be well-structured, with explicit error handling and clear separation of concerns. It does not perform any unsafe data handling or insecure operations.",
  "conclusion": "The code provides standard fetch request utilities with comprehensive error handling. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks within this module. It appears to be a safe, typical implementation for network communication in JavaScript applications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}