{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for handling fetch requests, including making HTTP calls, processing responses, and error handling in a web application environment.",
  "sources": "Inputs are read from function parameters such as 'call', 'url', 'parameters', 'response', and optional 'headers' and 'options'.",
  "sinks": "Response handling involves parsing JSON data, error messages, and response statuses. The functions resolve or reject promises based on fetch outcomes, and errors are processed and thrown as stringified JSON objects.",
  "flows": "Input parameters flow into fetch calls, with response objects being processed through response.json() or error constructs. Errors or response data are propagated via promise resolutions or rejections, with detailed error objects created in case of failures.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious domain calls, or backdoors are evident. The code structure is standard for fetch handling. There are no unusual dynamic code executions, misleading variables, or obfuscation. Error handling constructs are verbose but standard.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically manages fetch requests, response processing, and error handling with comprehensive error object creation and parsing functions. It does not contain any obfuscated code, malicious network calls, or data exfiltration mechanisms. The logic is consistent with typical API utility functions. No signs of malware such as unauthorized data transmission, backdoors, or cryptomining scripts are present. The code's design aims at robust fetch handling and error reporting, with no malicious intent or suspicious behaviors detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, benign fetch utility implementation focused on error handling and response processing. It shows no evidence of malware, malicious behaviors, or security risks. The code appears safe and intentionally structured for client-side data fetching tasks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}