{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for making HTTP fetch requests, handling responses, errors, and constructing error objects. It is designed to facilitate network communication with APIs and process their responses reliably.",
  "sources": "Input sources include the URL parameters, method options, headers, and request body parameters passed into fetchData and handleFetch functions. Additionally, response objects from fetch calls are sources of data for processing.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the fetch calls that send data over the network, especially when constructing the request body with JSON.stringify, and error objects that could leak internal information if improperly handled or logged.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (URLs, headers, parameters) into fetch calls, then responses flow back into response handling functions. Error objects are generated and potentially thrown or logged, propagating errors upstream. The handleFetch function manages promise resolution/rejection with response processing.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain any evident hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors. The fetch functions handle standard HTTP operations without unusual dynamic code execution or obfuscated logic. The code appears straightforward and well-structured.",
  "analysis": "The code implements standard fetch API usage for GET, POST, PUT, DELETE methods with proper response handling, error construction, and parsing. No dynamic code execution, data exfiltration, or suspicious network connections are evident. Error handling constructs detailed error objects for diagnostics. Usage of async/await and promise patterns is typical. No hardcoded secrets or malicious data leaks are observed. The functions are designed for network communication and error management, with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical utility library for network requests and error handling, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It adheres to standard patterns and does not include suspicious or malicious behavior. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}