{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for handling EIP-2612 permit signatures, token nonce retrieval, and related cryptographic operations in Ethereum-compatible blockchain environments.",
  "sources": "Reads include fetching domain hashes, permit type hashes, domain separators, nonces, and token versions via smart contract calls; data input points are permit parameters, chain ID, token details, and addresses.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve signing typed data with '_signTypedData', and fetching blockchain data such as domain hashes and nonces, which could be exploited if inputs are untrusted or if malicious contract responses are received.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user inputs and blockchain calls to signature generation and contract data retrieval; for example, permit parameters flow into signature creation, and token address queries lead to fetching on-chain hashes and nonces.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears standard for permit signing and token info retrieval. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. Use of dynamic contract calls is normal; no suspicious or misleading variable names. Error handling is typical for fallback retries.",
  "analysis": "The code performs typical operations related to Ethereum token permit signatures, including fetching on-chain data (domain hashes, type hashes, nonces, versions) via contract calls, and signing data with provided connector. No signs of obfuscated or malicious code. It employs fallback mechanisms for retrieving nonces and token versions, which is standard. The functions utilize safe contract interactions and handle errors gracefully. No external network connections or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. No evidence of data leakage, malicious privacy violations, or harmful system actions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard utility module for permit signature handling in blockchain applications. It interacts with smart contracts to retrieve token metadata and signs data accordingly. There are no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. All observed behaviors are consistent with legitimate token permit workflows.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}