{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom plugin for the GSAP (GreenSock Animation Platform) JavaScript animation library, intended to add and manage a new property called 'yourCustomProperty' during animations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from the 'value' parameter in the init function, and accesses properties of the 'target' object such as 'scaleX', 'scaleY', and 'alpha'. It also checks the environment for module systems to determine scope.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting 'target.alpha' directly in the set method, which could be exploited if 'target' is untrusted. However, in typical usage, 'target' would be a DOM element or an object controlled by the developer.",
  "flows": "Input value (from init) influences the property tween setup and the manual update of 'alpha' in the set method. The 'ratio' parameter in set determines the progress of the animation, updating 'scaleX', 'scaleY', and 'alpha'.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code are present. The code appears to be a standard plugin template for GSAP with placeholder property 'yourCustomProperty'. It does not perform any network activity, data leaks, or system modifications. The environment detection is standard for compatibility.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical GSAP plugin template, intended to tween custom properties. It initializes by storing target properties, sets up property tweens, and updates the properties during the animation. There are no indications of obfuscated code, malicious behavior, or security issues. The direct assignment to 'target.alpha' in the set method is normal for such plugins, assuming 'target' is a DOM element or object under developer control. No suspicious data flows, network activity, or code injections are present.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, benign GSAP plugin template for custom animation properties. It contains no malicious behavior or security risks. It is designed for animation purposes and does not perform any system or network operations.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}