{
  "purpose": "This code defines a custom plugin for the GSAP (GreenSock Animation Platform) animation library, allowing for tweening of a property named 'yourCustomProperty'. It provides a structure for initializing and updating this property during animations.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'value' parameter in the init function, target object's properties such as 'scaleX', 'scaleY', and 'alpha'. It also reads the global scope to determine environment compatibility.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting 'target.alpha' directly, which could be manipulated if 'value' contains malicious data. The plugin itself doesn't send data externally, but the 'value' parameter is controlled by the user.",
  "flows": "Input 'value' flows into the init function, where it is used to set up property tweens and calculate alpha change. During each update, 'set' function modifies 'target.alpha' based on 'ratio' and previously stored initial values.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are detected. The code is a standard implementation pattern for a GSAP plugin with no external network activity or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The script is a typical GSAP plugin template, establishing a custom property 'yourCustomProperty' with methods for initialization and updating property values during animation. It uses standard practices such as _addTween() for property tweening and direct property assignment for 'alpha'. There are no indications of obfuscation, external data exfiltration, or malicious behaviors. The code does not perform any network activity, system modifications, or sensitive data access. The environment detection code is standard for compatibility, not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate, boilerplate GSAP plugin template with no malicious intent. It is designed for animation purposes and does not exhibit any malware, malicious behaviors, or security risks. It is safe to use in the context of animation scripts.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}