{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a module that re-exports components like Runner, Builder, and Downloader, and also exposes a utility function findExecutable. It serves as an index or entry point to aggregate and expose functionalities from different parts of a package.",
  "sources": "The code reads from the imported modules './Runner', './Builder', './Downloader', and './util'. It also processes the input 'm' in the __export function, which comes from these modules.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any direct sinks that handle untrusted data or perform security-sensitive operations such as network requests, file system access, or execution of external code. It mainly deals with module exports.",
  "flows": "The flow is primarily from imported modules into the exports object. The __export function copies properties from imported modules into exports, establishing re-exporting. The findExecutable function is assigned from util_1 to exports.",
  "anomalies": "There are no unusual or suspicious code patterns, no hardcoded secrets, no dynamic code execution, and no obfuscated or minified code suggesting malicious intent. The source map comment at the end indicates debugging support, not malicious activity.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward re-export pattern common in JavaScript modules, especially in TypeScript compiled code. It imports modules and exposes their contents via the exports object. The __export function ensures all properties from a module are re-exported unless already present. The require statement for 'source-map-support/register' is for source map support during debugging, which is standard. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or suspicious operations.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign module index that re-exports functionalities from other modules and sets up source map support. There are no indications of malware or security risks. It is a typical structure used in JavaScript/TypeScript projects for module management.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}