{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Grunt plugin to deploy applications to AWS Elastic Beanstalk, manage environment configurations, and retrieve logs.",
  "sources": "Input data includes environment names, region, source bundle path, AWS credentials from environment variables, and deployment options from Grunt configuration.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe sinks include AWS SDK method calls that modify or describe environments, create application versions, upload files to S3, and swap environment CNAMEs, which can affect AWS infrastructure and data. Also, log output and HTTP/HTTPS requests may leak data if not properly handled.",
  "flows": "Input sources (user-provided options and environment variables) flow into AWS SDK method calls for environment management, S3 uploads, and network requests. These calls perform deployment, configuration, and log retrieval, with flow paths from input validation to AWS operations and network communications.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses environment variables for AWS credentials, which is standard. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation detected. No code appears to perform hidden network connections or data exfiltration. Logging is used for status updates, but no evidence of malicious logging or data leakage. The code appears to be a legitimate deployment utility without malicious behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code is a deployment script that manages AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments, uploads source bundles to S3, and retrieves logs. It uses AWS SDK with credentials sourced from environment variables, which is typical. Functions for environment creation, updating, swapping, and health checks follow expected patterns. No hardcoded secrets, malicious network activity, or hidden code paths are detected. The only potential concern is reliance on environment variables for credentials, which is standard practice, not malicious. No obfuscated or malicious code structures are present. The script performs deployment-related tasks only.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate deployment utility for AWS Elastic Beanstalk and does not exhibit malicious behavior or malware. It operates using standard AWS SDK practices and environment variables for credentials. No malicious intent or sabotage signals are detected. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}