{
  "purpose": "This code implements a JavaScript class for rendering Delaunay triangulations with interactive and animated gradient backgrounds, points, and optional image backgrounds. It primarily provides visualization functionalities for graphics and user interaction.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from canvas element (via parent element size), mouse events (mousemove, mouseout), and image URL for background.",
  "sinks": "Uses CanvasRenderingContext2D for drawing shapes, gradients, and image data. Reads image data for hover detection. No sinks that perform network, file, or sensitive system actions are present.",
  "flows": "Mouse events trigger hover detection; gradient generation and rescaling functions manipulate visual data; image data is read for color-based interactions; rendering functions create visual effects based on internal state.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior detected. The code appears to be a well-structured visualization tool with no signs of malicious intent. No suspicious network activity, external data leaks, or obfuscated malicious code are present. Usage of random functions is confined to visual randomness, not security exploits.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with standard polyfills (__assign, __importDefault) and imports essential modules for geometric and color operations. The main class, PrettyDelaunay, offers customizable visualization of triangulations, with options for user interaction and animated gradients. It handles user input via event listeners, manipulates canvas for drawing complex shapes, and generates gradient data for visual effects. No parts of the code perform network requests, system modifications, or access sensitive data beyond canvas pixel data for hover detection. No obfuscated code or hidden dynamic execution mechanisms are present. The random functions used are for aesthetic purposes, not security. Overall, the code appears to be purely visual and interaction-based, with no malicious signals.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a comprehensive visualization library for Delaunay triangulation with interactive features. It does not contain malicious behavior, malicious code, or security risks. It appears safe for use and primarily focuses on rendering graphics with user interaction. The malware score is low, and there are no indications of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}