{
  "purpose": "The code implements advanced linear algebra operations related to eigenvalues, eigenvectors, Jordan normal form, and matrix inverses. It appears to be part of a mathematical or computational library for manipulating matrices and solving related problems.",
  "sources": "Input data includes matrices passed as arguments to functions such as 'matrix', 'eigenvalues', and 'basis'. The code reads matrix data for computations and manipulations. No external data sources are directly read.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any network requests, file system operations, or external data exfiltration. It performs internal mathematical computations only.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input matrices through functions that compute eigenvalues, eigenvectors, Jordan form, and inverses. No untrusted data is sent or leaked externally; all computations are internal.",
  "anomalies": "The code involves complex mathematical operations with no apparent use of hardcoded credentials, environment variables, or obfuscated code. No unusual or suspicious code patterns are present. The presence of comments and mathematical references suggest a focus on mathematical correctness rather than malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is a mathematical library implementing matrix operations, eigenvalue decompositions, and Jordan normal forms. It uses established mathematical algorithms without any code that would perform network access, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are evident. The code structure appears standard for computational mathematics, with no obfuscated or malicious patterns. The absence of external side effects, combined with focus on internal computations, indicates a low likelihood of malicious behavior. The only potential concern is that the functions could be misused if provided with malicious input matrices, but this does not constitute malicious code within the library itself.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical utility library for matrix operations and eigen computations. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It performs advanced linear algebra calculations without external side effects or suspicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}