{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions for matrix algebra operations, including eigen decomposition, Jordan normal form, and matrix inversion, likely for mathematical or engineering applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from function parameters: 'matrix', 'eigenvalues', 'hack'. It uses internal variables and matrices derived from these inputs.",
  "sinks": "No clear sinks for untrusted data are present. The code performs mathematical calculations without external network or file operations.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (matrix, eigenvalues) are processed to compute eigen decomposition and matrix forms. No data flows to external systems or outputs beyond returned objects.",
  "anomalies": "There are no obvious anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, suspicious code, or hidden behaviors. The functions appear to implement standard matrix algorithms. Some commented-out or debug lines exist but are benign.",
  "analysis": "The code implements advanced linear algebra routines including eigenvector computation, Jordan form derivation, and matrix inversion, all based on mathematical formulas and standard matrix manipulations. No evidence of malicious behavior or suspicious code logic is found. It does not perform network requests, file I/O, or other side effects. The functions rely on the provided matrices and parameters; no external or hidden data sources are used. The code structure is consistent with typical mathematical library code. No obfuscation or hidden code segments are detected. The functions named and documented correspond to well-known algorithms, and there are no indications of malicious intent such as data exfiltration or system compromise.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of matrix algebra algorithms for eigenvalues, Jordan normal form, and matrix inversion. There are no signs of malware or malicious behavior. The code is well-structured and uses standard mathematical operations without suspicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}