{
  "purpose": "Utility for resolving form fields within a JavaScript application, including resolving references and data types for form processing.",
  "sources": "Reads form configurations, form items, field values, and options; accesses external resolver functions.",
  "sinks": "Potentially calls external resolver functions; uses LinkUtil.getUri and getTitle for resource identification; interacts with resource resolver functions.",
  "flows": "Source: form configuration and field data; through resolve and resolveByType methods; sinks: external resolver functions and resource references.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious code patterns. Extensive use of utility functions and dynamic resolution, which is typical for flexible data handling but could be exploited if external resolvers are malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a utility for resolving form fields, handling different data types, and resolving resource references via injected resolver functions. It uses various imported utility modules for form handling and resource resolution. No suspicious network calls, file operations, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The use of external resolvers introduces a potential attack vector if those functions are malicious, but this is a standard pattern for extensibility and not inherently malicious. The code's structure and logic appear consistent with typical form resolution logic. No hardcoded credentials or malicious code patterns detected. It mostly processes data internally and delegates resolution to external functions which could be a concern if those functions are compromised, but that is outside the scope of this module. Overall, no malicious intent or malware is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, extensible form field resolver utility with no clear signs of malicious behavior. It relies on injected resolver functions for resource resolution, which is common in modular systems. No malware, backdoors, or malicious data leaks are detected in this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}