{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Vue.js component for a combobox widget, providing search and selection functionality with accessibility features.",
  "sources": "The component reads props such as 'options', 'label', 'placeholder', and 'maxDisplayRows'; user interactions via input events, key events, and button clicks; and DOM elements for focus and click detection.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous sinks include setting 'o.value' (input text), updating 'i.value' (selected option), and manipulating the DOM for focus and visibility. Event handlers modify internal state based on user input. No evidence of direct data leakage or network transmission.",
  "flows": "User input (source) updates 'o.value' -> filters options -> updates 'a.value' (filtered options) -> changes 'i.value' (selected option). Button clicks toggle visibility or clear input. Keyboard events navigate options and select them.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, secrets, or backdoors. The code performs standard UI behaviors. No suspicious network activity or obfuscated code. The code structure appears conventional and consistent with Vue.js component design.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Vue.js component implementing a searchable combobox with accessibility features. It filters options based on user input, handles keyboard navigation, and manages focus. All data flows are confined within the component, with no external network requests or data leaks. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors are detected. The logic is straightforward and aligns with typical UI component patterns. No signs of malicious behavior or sabotage are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured Vue.js combobox component with no malicious behavior. It manages user input and selection securely without external data exfiltration or harmful actions. No security risks are identified based on the provided code.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}