{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Vite plugin to generate legacy browser bundles by transpiling modern JavaScript code, injecting polyfills, and modifying HTML to include legacy scripts, ensuring compatibility across browsers.",
  "sources": "Reads input chunks during bundle generation, accesses configuration options, and loads external polyfill and regenerator-runtime scripts via CDN URLs.",
  "sinks": "Injects script tags into HTML, dynamically loads polyfill scripts and regenerator-runtime, and executes eval() for syntax feature detection.",
  "flows": "Source data (input chunks, configuration) flows into Babel transpilation and script injection functions; external scripts are loaded based on feature detection; eval() evaluates syntax tests; modified scripts are injected into HTML.",
  "anomalies": "Use of eval() for syntax detection is notable but controlled; external URLs are from reputable CDNs; no hardcoded secrets or obfuscated code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a standard build plugin for legacy support, transpiling code with Babel, injecting polyfills from CDN, and dynamically inserting scripts into HTML. eval() is used for feature detection, which is common in such tools. External URLs are from trusted sources like polyfill.io and jsdelivr. No malicious payloads, backdoors, or obfuscation are present. The malware score is 0, reflecting no malicious intent. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and readable. The security risk score is 0.2, primarily due to external resource loading and eval() usage, which are typical but should be monitored. Overall, the code is benign and purpose-specific, with no signs of sabotage or malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a legitimate, standard implementation of a Vite plugin for legacy browser support. It employs common techniques such as Babel transpilation, dynamic script injection, and external polyfill loading from reputable sources. No malicious behavior, obfuscation, or sabotage is evident. The scores are appropriately assigned: malware = 0, obfuscated = 0, risk = 0.2, reflecting minimal security concerns typical for such build tools.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}