{
  "purpose": "This code is a Vite plugin for generating legacy browser bundles, including polyfills and transpiled code for older environments.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration options, target environment, and plugin inputs; accesses bundle assets and source code; loads dependencies like @babel/core, rollup, and other plugins.",
  "sinks": "Dynamically injects scripts into HTML; uses eval() in createScriptFactory to test syntax; loads polyfill and regenerator runtime scripts; potentially loads external URLs for polyfills.",
  "flows": "Source data from configuration and build assets flow into code transformations, script injections, and external resource loads. The createScriptFactory function can execute code evaluation via eval() for syntax tests and dynamically inject scripts based on environment detection.",
  "anomalies": "Usage of eval() for syntax testing; dynamic script creation and injection based on environment detection; external URLs for polyfills and regenerator runtime; no hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected; no obfuscated code or unusual variable names.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a legitimate Vite plugin designed for building legacy browser bundles with polyfills. It dynamically creates script tags that load polyfills and transpiled code based on configuration and target environment. The use of eval() for syntax testing is a common technique for feature detection but could be misused if combined with untrusted input. The plugin loads external scripts (polyfill.io, regenerator-runtime) over HTTPS, which is standard for polyfill services. No evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or data exfiltration observed. The dynamic script injection and external resource loading are typical for polyfill management. No suspicious network connections, credential handling, or code injection vulnerabilities are evident outside of normal polyfill and transpilation behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a Vite plugin to generate legacy bundles with polyfills and transpiled code. No malicious behavior or sabotage detected. External resource loading and eval() usage are standard for such tools but should be reviewed if used with untrusted input. Overall, the code appears secure and legitimate in purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}