{
  "purpose": "This source code appears to be a React-based modal and animation utility, managing modals with context, styles, and animations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), creates DOM elements, and uses React context and state hooks. It also reads properties from imported React modules and DOM APIs.",
  "sinks": "DOM manipulation (creating style elements), portal rendering via ReactDOM.createPortal, and use of environment variables for environment-specific behavior.",
  "flows": "Data flows from environment variables (NODE_ENV) and component props into DOM and React internal functions, with potential influence on rendering and styling. No evident untrusted data flows to critical sinks like network, file system, or sensitive data leaks.",
  "anomalies": "Use of environment variable NODE_ENV to switch between development and production modes is standard; no hardcoded secrets or credentials detected. The code dynamically generates CSS and manages modal states, but no suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscation is observed. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors are apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code manages modal components using React context, states, and dynamic style injection. It creates CSS keyframes for animations and handles modal opening/closing with style transitions. The code does not perform network requests, access sensitive system info, or execute untrusted code. It relies on React's APIs and standard DOM operations. No signs of obfuscated or malicious logic. The code’s purpose is UI management with animations, with no suspicious data flows or anomalies.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React utility for modal and animation management, with no evident malicious intent or security risks. It uses environment variables appropriately, manages state and DOM safely, and does not contain malicious behaviors or supply chain sabotage signals.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}