{
  "purpose": "The code appears to define React context and modal management components, including style definitions and context providers for modals, likely for UI purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), imports React and ReactDOM modules, and uses document APIs for DOM manipulation and style injection.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include DOM manipulation (document.createElement, document.head), dynamic style injection, and React component rendering via createPortal.",
  "flows": "Input from environment variables and React component props flows into style injection and component rendering; user interactions like clicking may trigger modal open/close functions that manipulate DOM and React state.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains complex, minified-looking JavaScript, but no obfuscated code or malicious code patterns are evident. The styling code is standard CSS-in-JS and modal management code. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The environment variable check for NODE_ENV is standard practice. No suspicious network requests, system data transmission, or hidden backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is mainly React component setup for modal dialogs with associated styling. It uses environment variables to switch between development and production modes, injects styles into the document, and manages modal state via React context. The logic appears consistent with typical UI modal implementations. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections to suspicious domains, or code that executes system commands. The code is complex but adheres to normal React development patterns. No anomalies like hardcoded secrets or suspicious code flows are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React modal component setup with style injection and context management. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or security risks. It is safe based on the provided fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}