{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive mock and test suite for a React Native cryptographic library, including functions for key generation, encryption, decryption, signing, verification, file operations, and group session management.",
  "sources": "Sources of input include method parameters (strings, Buffers, objects with value and encoding), environment variables, and imported modules. Data is read primarily from function arguments and mock return values.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include native module calls (e.g., computeHash, generateRandomData, generateKeyPair, encrypt, decrypt, sign, verify) where data flows from source parameters to native code, and return values processed back into the application.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (function parameters) through encoding conversions to native module calls; results from native modules are then converted back (e.g., base64 to Buffer), processed, or returned. In particular, data passed to native functions often undergo encoding (e.g., to base64) and decoding (Buffer to string), with flow from method input to native call, then from native response back to app.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. The code contains thorough input normalization (path normalization, encoding handling). No obfuscated code, hidden dynamic execution, or misleading variables observed. Usage of native module mocks is typical for testing. The test suite does not execute untrusted external data or external network connections. No malicious privacy violations or system access observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a test suite for a cryptography library, mocking native module functions to verify behavior. It processes various input types (strings, Buffers, objects with value and encoding), normalizes paths, and encodes/decodes data for native module communication. All data flows are within controlled testing environments, with no dynamic code execution or external network activity. The functions perform cryptographic operations securely with no signs of data leakage or credential theft. The presence of mock functions and test cases suggests this is for development/testing purposes only, not production malicious code. Overall, no malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain attacks are evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive test suite for a React Native cryptography library, handling data securely, with proper input normalization and no malicious intent or suspicious activity detected. It appears to be intended for testing correctness and functionality, not for malicious purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}