{
  "purpose": "The code is a test suite for a React Native cryptography module (virgilCrypto), designed to verify correct behavior, handle data encoding, and ensure native module calls function as intended.",
  "sources": "Data sources include user inputs (e.g., group IDs, file paths, keys), Buffer conversions, and function parameters such as file paths, keys, and cryptographic data.",
  "sinks": "Calls to native modules (NativeModules.RNVirgilCrypto.*) which perform cryptographic operations, file operations, and key exports. Notably, paths and keys are passed to native code, which could be sensitive if mishandled.",
  "flows": "Inputs (user data, paths, keys) are transformed into base64 or Buffer formats, then passed to native cryptography functions; outputs are received and converted back to Buffer or string representations.",
  "anomalies": "No evidence of hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors. Code primarily tests cryptographic functions with mock returns. No dynamic code execution or obfuscated code present. No network communication or data exfiltration detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive test suite focusing on cryptographic function calls, encoding conversions, path normalization, and key management. It uses mock functions to simulate native module behavior, ensuring correct data flow and handling. No signs of malicious intent, data leakage, or sabotage activities are present. The functions handle cryptographic data securely, mainly passing base64-encoded strings or Buffers. There is no evidence of hidden backdoors, unauthorized data transmission, or harmful system modifications. The overall structure and purpose are consistent with standard security testing practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a well-structured test suite for a cryptography module with no malicious behavior or sabotage indicators. It performs standard data handling, encoding, and native module interaction tests. No malicious signals, privacy violations, or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}