{
  "purpose": "The code provides a comprehensive set of unit tests for a React Native cryptographic library, verifying various cryptographic operations such as key generation, hashing, encryption, decryption, signing, verification, and group session management.",
  "sources": "Reads include mock implementations of native module methods (e.g., generateKeyPair, computeHash, encrypt, decrypt, etc.), input parameters for crypto functions (e.g., data buffers, strings, objects with value/encoding), and configuration options like output paths and group IDs.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous operations are mainly the native cryptographic method calls, especially those involving key import/export, file encryption/decryption, and group session handling. These can leak data if misused but are standard in cryptography. No unsafe network or system operations are directly evident.",
  "flows": "Input data (strings, buffers, objects) flow into native methods (sources), which perform cryptographic processing and return results (sinks). The tests simulate data flow from input to output, verifying proper handling and error propagation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are present. The code is purely test logic. No suspicious or malicious code patterns, such as code injection, reverse shells, or hidden network communication, are observed. Use of mock functions limits detection of runtime malicious behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured test suite with standard mocking of native modules. All data handling appears legitimate for testing cryptographic functions. There are no indications of malicious behavior, such as secret exfiltration or system sabotage. The native method calls and data transformations are typical for cryptography-related code. The code does not contain obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or hidden payloads. The focus is on verifying correct cryptographic operations, error handling, and input normalization.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, benign test suite for a cryptography library. No malicious behavior or sabotage is detected. The operations involve cryptographic primitives, key management, and file handling in a controlled testing environment. Overall, the code appears safe and purely for testing purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}