{
  "purpose": "This code implements a PostCSS plugin for transforming CSS selectors for Lightning Web Components, including handling :host selectors for shadow DOM encapsulation.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from CSS rule objects, such as 'rule.parent', 'rule', and 'rule.selector'. It also imports external modules and functions for processing and transforming CSS.",
  "sinks": "Transforms modify the 'rule.selector' property and clone rules with 'cloneBefore()'. The processed selectors are assigned back to the CSS rules, potentially influencing CSS output or behavior.",
  "flows": "Input CSS rules are passed to 'walkRules', then processed by 'selectorProcessorFactory' functions which generate transformed selectors. These are assigned back to the rules. Cloned rules are created with 'cloneBefore()' and have their 'selector' property set. When selectors differ, clones are inserted before original rules, creating source-to-sink flows within the CSS AST.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears standard for a CSS transformation plugin; no hardcoded secrets or suspicious logic. No dynamic code execution or obfuscation is present. The module only transforms CSS rules and selectors, with no network activity or system manipulation.",
  "analysis": "The code defines helper functions and a PostCSS plugin for transforming CSS rules related to shadow DOM scoping. It imports modules safely, uses well-defined functions, and clones rules in a standard manner. The processing involves selector transformations, which are typical for CSS scoping. No evidence of malicious code, such as data exfiltration, code injection, or backdoors, is present. The only potential concern could be if the selector transformations were malicious, but they are intended for CSS scoping. There are no suspicious side effects or unusual code patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a CSS post-processing plugin for Web Components styling. It performs selector transformations without any malicious intent or malicious behavior. No security risks or malware detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}