{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a PostCSS plugin for processing CSS rules in the context of Lightning Web Components (LWC), specifically for selector transformation and scoping.",
  "sources": "Input data is primarily CSS rule objects processed through PostCSS, including rule parent types, rule selectors, and rule cloning.",
  "sinks": "Modified CSS selectors, especially cloned rules with different selectors, which could be used maliciously if manipulated, but typical for CSS processing.",
  "flows": "CSS rules are processed through selector transformation functions, with decisions based on rule parent types; selectors are processed by two different processors to handle :host selectors, and cloned rules are created when selectors differ.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are present. The code does perform cloning and selector processing, but these are standard for CSS transformations. The `_isNativeHost` and `_isSyntheticHost` properties are added for internal tracking and are not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code imports standard libraries and internal modules for CSS validation and transformation, with clear functions for processing CSS rules and handling special cases like keyframes. It creates two selector processors to handle different shadow DOM modes, which is appropriate. The cloning of rules when selectors differ is a common technique in CSS processing to support different shadow DOM encapsulation modes. There are no indications of data leakage, remote network activity, or malicious code execution. All modifications are within normal CSS processing scope. No obfuscated or suspicious code constructs are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard CSS processing plugin designed for LWC selector transformation and scoping. It performs typical operations without any malicious intent or security risks. There are no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It is safe based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}