{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions to filter audit configurations and groups based on specified audit slugs, primarily for configuration management in a larger auditing system.",
  "sources": "The code reads the 'config' object parameters ('onlyAudits', 'skipAudits') and the 'groups' parameter in 'filterGroupsByOnlyAudits'. It also imports 'AUDITS_MAP' from an external module.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any data sinks that could lead to data leaks or security vulnerabilities, such as network requests, file writes, or execution of untrusted code.",
  "flows": "Input from 'config' parameters flows into filtering functions, which process 'AUDITS_MAP' and 'groups' to produce filtered output. There are no external or unsafe data flows or untrusted input handling beyond basic filtering.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or unusual code behaviors are present. The code uses standard JavaScript functions and patterns, with no suspicious constructs, obfuscated code, or hardcoded secrets.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a constant map, then defines functions to filter audit entries and groups based on user-specified configurations. It performs straightforward filtering operations using array methods like 'filter' and 'some'. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as network activity, code execution, or data exfiltration. The functions are simple and clear, with no suspicious code patterns or obfuscation. The use of 'Object.values' and array filtering is standard practice. There are no data leaks, no hardcoded credentials, and no evidence of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard utility module for filtering audit configurations and groups based on specified criteria. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The code appears safe and intended solely for configuration filtering within a larger system.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}