{
  "purpose": "The code provides a React hook for loading the Google Charts library asynchronously.",
  "sources": "The code reads the URL 'https://www.gstatic.com/charts/loader.js' via the o() function, which likely fetches or references an external script resource.",
  "sinks": "The code calls 'google.charts.load' and 'google.charts.setOnLoadCallback' which are safe functions for loading Google Charts, but these are sinks for the potentially untrusted script resource.",
  "flows": "The source is the external URL fetched via o(), which loads the Google Charts loader script. The flow proceeds to check for readiness and then calls 'google.charts.load', which loads additional chart packages based on parameters.",
  "anomalies": "The code imports modules from '@charlietango/use-script' and React, then dynamically loads an external script URL without any validation or access control. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code patterns are visible. The import of '@charlietango/use-script' suggests a dependency for script loading but does not in itself indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code imports a script loader and React hook, then defines a function that loads the Google Charts loader script dynamically from Google's CDN. It uses React's useEffect to trigger the loading once the dependency 'n' (the script load status) is ready. The process appears standard for asynchronously loading external scripts in React. No obfuscated code, no hardcoded secrets, or suspicious behavior are observed. The URL is a common resource for Google Charts. The usage of external scripts and the dynamic loading pattern are typical for such integrations.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React hook for asynchronously loading Google Charts. It does not contain any malicious behavior, obfuscated code, or suspicious activities. The external script is from a trusted source (Google). No security issues are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}