{
  "purpose": "The code generates a comprehensive reference documentation for CSS utility classes, including default styles, media queries, keyframes, colors, and dynamic properties. It structures and outputs markdown content to a file.",
  "sources": "Data is read from imported modules (#main/colors.js, #main/keyframes.js, #main/queries.js, etc.), constants, and internal variables such as COLS, COLORS, KEYS, and STRING_SIZES. The code also reads static files for CSS reset and uses internal data structures.",
  "sinks": "The code writes the generated markdown documentation to 'REFERENCE.md' via fs.writeFileSync. No other sinks are present, and no untrusted data is written directly to critical systems or network.",
  "flows": "Data flows from imported modules and constants into the getRules function (processing class and CSS rules), then into generateReference (building documentation content), culminating in writing to a file. There are no network or external data sinks involved.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes no obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or suspicious patterns. The only dynamic content generation is for documentation purposes. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports multiple modules and constants, processes CSS class rules, and formats documentation in markdown. It reads predefined CSS rules, color data, and keyframes, then constructs detailed documentation. The file writing process is straightforward and only outputs static and processed data. No input from untrusted sources, network activity, or code execution of dynamic content is observed. The logic is consistent with documentation generation, with no signs of malicious intent or behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The script appears to be a benign documentation generator for CSS utility classes, with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It strictly reads static data and writes formatted documentation. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}