{
  "purpose": "This code generates a comprehensive reference documentation for a CSS utility framework, including default styles, media queries, state prefixes, keyframes, colors, dynamic properties, and utility classes organized by hierarchy.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration constants from imported modules (#main/colors.js, #main/keyframes.js, #main/queries.js, etc.), reads CSS reset data from the RESET array, and reads color data from the COLORS array. Writes the generated Markdown documentation to 'REFERENCE.md'. No user input or external data sources are processed at runtime.",
  "sinks": "File system write operation to 'REFERENCE.md'. No other sinks such as network, environment variables, or system commands are used. No data leaks or external communications are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from imported constants and arrays into the documentation generation process, where data is formatted and written to a Markdown file. No untrusted data flows from user input or external sources into sensitive operations.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or obfuscated code are detected. The code mainly consists of static data processing and file writing. No dynamic code execution or suspicious constructs are present.",
  "analysis": "The code imports multiple static data modules and arrays, then constructs Markdown documentation by assembling sections such as CSS resets, media queries, prefixes, keyframes, colors, dynamic properties, and utility classes organized hierarchically. The getRules function processes property arrays to generate CSS class rules, handling composite and dynamic properties, with no indication of malicious behavior. The generateReference function compiles all this information into a formatted Markdown string and writes it to a file named 'REFERENCE.md'. The overall flow involves static data processing without user input, network access, or system commands. There are no signs of code injection, data exfiltration, or hidden malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a static documentation generator that processes predefined CSS-related data to produce a reference file. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks. The only potential concern would be if the imported modules or data contained malicious code, but based on this code alone, it appears safe and intended solely for documentation purposes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}