{
  "purpose": "The code generates a comprehensive documentation reference for CSS utility classes, including default styles, media queries, keyframes, colors, sizes, and hierarchy of CSS properties, and writes it to a Markdown file.",
  "sources": "The code reads from imported modules ('chroma-js', 'fs', and several internal modules like '#main/colors.js', '#main/keyframes.js', etc.), and uses data from constants such as COLORS, KEYFRAMES, QUERIES, RESET, UTILS, STRING_SIZES, STATES, PSEUDO.",
  "sinks": "The code writes output to 'REFERENCE.md' via fs.writeFileSync, which is safe. No other sinks are present; no network, system modifications, or external data handling is detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from imported modules and constants into the getRules function and the generateReference function. The getRules function processes CSS rules, and generateReference compiles the documentation. No dynamic or untrusted input affects flow, and no runtime data is injected into external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no unusual or suspicious code patterns, hard-coded secrets, or dynamic code execution. It primarily performs static data processing and file output. There are no signs of backdoors, malware, or covert data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code imports static data modules and constants, processes CSS rules via getRules to generate formatted documentation, and writes the resulting markdown to a file. It performs no network communication, system modification beyond file writing, or dynamic code execution. The only potential concern is the use of 'fs' for file output, which is a standard and safe operation here. No obfuscated code, malicious patterns, or suspicious behaviors are present. The data flow is static, and no untrusted input is processed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a safe, static documentation generator with no malicious intent or security risks. It only reads static modules and constants and outputs formatted documentation to a file. No malware, suspicious behavior, or security vulnerabilities are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}