{
  "purpose": "This code implements a neural network with training, prediction, and export functionalities, designed for machine learning tasks.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as 'input' and 'label'; random initialization of weights occurs during network creation.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data or external communication; computations are internal and involve mathematical operations only.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input through activation functions and weight matrices during prediction; during training, gradients are computed and weights updated. No external data transmission occurs.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'math.random' for weight initialization is standard; no hardcoded secrets or credentials observed. No dynamic code evaluation or suspicious variable usage. DropConnect implementation appears normal. No obfuscated code or unusual control flow detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a neural network with methods for prediction, backpropagation, gradient descent, training, and export. It uses standard machine learning practices: weight initialization, dropout, regularization, gradient updates, and cost evaluation. All computations are contained, with no network communication, file access, or external data leaks. No signs of malicious intent such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system manipulation are present. The code structure and function usage appear typical for a neural network implementation. The only notable aspect is the use of DropConnect during training, which is an established regularization technique, not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a neural network with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs typical ML operations without external communication, backdoors, or suspicious data handling. No malware, obfuscation, or malicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}