{
  "purpose": "This code defines a TypeScript factory class for interfacing with the IQuoterV2 smart contract, providing methods to create an interface and connect to the contract at a specific address using ethers.js.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the imported 'ethers' library, the ABI array (_abi), and the input parameters to methods like createInterface and connect.",
  "sinks": "The connect method creates a Contract instance which can be used to invoke functions on the blockchain. The createInterface method generates a new Interface object. Neither directly executes code or performs actions beyond object creation.",
  "flows": "The main flow involves importing dependencies, defining the ABI, and providing factory methods to instantiate or connect to contract instances. No data from external sources or user input is processed within this code; it mainly serves as a static interface wrapper.",
  "anomalies": "The code is an autogenerated TypeScript factory for a smart contract interface, with no hardcoded secrets, dynamic code execution, or unusual constructs. The ABI is a static array describing contract functions. No suspicious code or backdoors are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code imports 'ethers' library components and defines an ABI for the IQuoterV2 contract. The factory class provides static methods to create an interface or connect to a contract at a specified address, using standard ethers.js patterns. The ABI describes functions related to quoting swaps, with input and output parameters that correspond to typical decentralized exchange operations. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious network activity. The code is straightforward, well-structured, and intended solely for contract interaction.",
  "conclusion": "This is a standard autogenerated contract interface factory with no malicious behavior or security risks detected. It functions as a helper for interacting with a smart contract and does not contain any malicious code or suspicious logic.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}