{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a configuration and build helper module for a project using BEM methodology, handling tasks like setting up dependencies, scanning levels, and managing examples and documentation generation.",
  "sources": "User inputs via configuration options, external modules such as 'path', 'bem-naming', 'enb', and its submodules, and file system operations through 'vfs'.",
  "sinks": "File system writes for creating dependency declarations, console warnings for deprecated options, and event channel listeners for example data. No apparent untrusted data processing or network operations.",
  "flows": "Configuration options influence the setup of dependencies and file outputs; external inputs (like options and task names) determine dependency scanning and file generation; event channels relay example data into internal options.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains only standard configuration and build logic; no hardcoded credentials, obfuscated code, or suspicious behaviors are present. The use of 'console.warn' for deprecated options is benign. No dynamic code execution or network operations are observed.",
  "analysis": "The module primarily manages build configurations, scanning file levels for relevant files based on suffixes, generating dependency files, and setting up event-based example handling. It uses established libraries and standard Node.js practices. No code indicates malicious intent or malware. The flow from input options to file output and event handling is typical for build systems. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or data leaks are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical build configuration helper for a BEM-based project. It does not contain any malicious behavior or malware indicators. It performs configuration, dependency scanning, and event management as expected for its purpose. There is high confidence that this code is safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}