{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for array manipulation, including random selection, shuffling, uniqueness filtering, set operations, grouping, and other array transformations.",
  "sources": "Functions take input arrays from parameters, and some use imported modules ('number.js' and 'object.js') for internal operations. No external data sources or user input is directly accessed within this code.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present that process untrusted data, nor are there any network operations, file system access, or environment variable uses. The functions operate purely on passed data and internal logic.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through array transformations and filtering functions, with no external data or system commands invoked.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, obfuscated code, or suspicious dynamic code execution are present. The code appears straightforward and clean, with standard utility functions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of static array utility methods. It includes functions for random element selection, shuffling, filtering, set operations, grouping, Cartesian product, and other array manipulations. All methods operate on provided input arrays and use simple, standard JavaScript logic. No external or untrusted data sources are accessed, and there are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The imported modules are not provided, but based on their usage, they seem to be utility modules for number and object operations, respectively. Overall, the code is typical of utility libraries and does not exhibit any malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard utility library for array operations with no signs of malicious behavior, security risks, or malware. It only manipulates provided data in a safe, predictable manner. No external threats or sabotage are evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}