{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Vue.js component that integrates Mapbox GL for map visualization, including map controls, layers, and interactions. It appears to facilitate map rendering, feature drawing, and event handling within a Vue application.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input properties (props), external fetch requests for map styles or data, and localStorage entries for cache. It also reads from the DOM (e.g., event listeners).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include network requests (fetch), map layer modifications, adding images or markers to Mapbox map, and localStorage modifications. No direct execution of untrusted code or dynamic eval is observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and external sources (fetch, localStorage) into map rendering and feature handling. User interactions (clicks, drawing events) modify map layers or trigger fetch requests. There are no indications of untrusted data flowing into unsafe sinks without validation.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No suspicious network domains or data exfiltration code is detected. No backdoors, malicious code, or privacy violations are apparent. The code is complex but structurally standard for a Vue map component.",
  "analysis": "The code is a large, complex Vue component integrating Mapbox GL and various map functionalities, including layers, controls, event handling, and feature management. It performs fetch requests to a specific URL for map style or data, but these are related to map styling and data layers, not malicious communication. Local storage is used for caching map views. No dynamic code execution functions like eval or Function are used. No hardcoded credentials or secret tokens are found. The network requests are for map services, not for exfiltration. The code appears to be a typical map component with extensive interaction features. The presence of base64 images and external fetches does not indicate malicious intent. Overall, there are no signs of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware.\n",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a Vue component for Mapbox-based map visualization with user interactions, data layers, and styling controls. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware is detected. The code is complex but aligns with standard map integration practices and does not pose supply chain security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}