{
  "purpose": "The code appears to initialize and configure a Vue.js-based map component integrating Mapbox GL, with functionalities for drawing, layers, and user interaction. It is likely part of a mapping or GIS application.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include URL fetch requests for map services, local storage retrieval, and user input from map interactions and props such as cityMap, heatMap, baseMap, etc. Data is read from environment variables, local storage, and network requests.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur through fetch responses (map data), local storage, or interactions with external services. User interactions trigger map updates, popups, and potential event emissions. No explicit data exfiltration or insecure data handling observed.",
  "flows": "Input data (e.g., map configs, geojson features, user interactions) flows into map rendering, layer updates, and event emissions. Data from fetch requests flows into map layers and popups. User interactions can trigger events that send data via emitters, but no evidence of malicious data manipulation or unauthorized data transfer.",
  "anomalies": "Code includes large base64-encoded images which are likely icons and not suspicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated malicious code detected. The structure is complex but appears to be a standard implementation of a Vue + Mapbox mapping component. No hidden network connections, reverse shells, or system-level manipulations observed. No suspicious dynamic code execution or malicious behaviors found.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Vue.js component for rendering and interacting with a Mapbox map, incorporating various features such as layers, drawing tools, event handling, and external data fetching. It handles user inputs, map updates, and network requests appropriately. While complex, the logic appears consistent with standard GIS applications and does not contain indicators of malicious activity. No hardcoded secrets, no network traffic to suspicious domains, and no system sabotage behaviors are present. The large inline images are typical icon assets. Overall, the code is a typical, though complex, map component setup without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex but legitimate Vue.js component for Mapbox map visualization with user interaction features. It shows no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. It adheres to standard practices and does not leak sensitive data or perform unauthorized system actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}