{
  "purpose": "This source code appears to be a Vue.js component wrapper for integrating Mapbox GL maps with various map features and controls, including drawing, layers, and interactions.",
  "sources": "Code reads external dependencies via require() for vue, mapbox-gl, and @mapbox/mapbox-gl-draw; accesses DOM elements; loads external images and map tiles; fetches map data from an external URL.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if external data fetched or user interactions send data over the network; map interaction handlers process and potentially expose map feature properties; map style and layer modifications could be manipulated.",
  "flows": "Sources include user interactions, external data fetches, and input parameters; flows involve processing map features, styling layers, and handling user events, possibly sending or modifying data accordingly; external fetches may transmit or receive data influencing map state.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets observed. The code is complex and minified, but largely consists of standard map and UI logic. No obfuscated code or suspicious dynamic execution is detected. External network requests are present but appear legitimate for map data fetching. No hidden backdoors or malicious payloads are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Vue component that manages a Mapbox map, handling map style configuration, data layers, user interaction events, and fetching external map data. It includes functions for adding/removing layers, handling map clicks, loading images, and controlling map views. It interacts with external URLs to fetch map styles or data but does not perform any data exfiltration or suspicious network activity. The presence of external fetch calls is typical for map applications. There is no use of eval, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated logic. It is a standard map integration module with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a complex but legitimate Vue component for Mapbox map integration. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage are detected. It handles map data, styles, and user interactions in a typical manner for such applications.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}