{
  "purpose": "This code implements a session replay tracking destination, handling event batching, queue management, and sending data to a server URL based on server zone.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration from constructor parameters (loggerProvider), data from method arguments (destinationData, context), environment URL via getCurrentUrl(), and API keys/devices from context objects.",
  "sinks": "Sends HTTP POST requests with event payloads to remote URLs; uses fetch to transmit data; logs via loggerProvider.",
  "flows": "Sources (context, destinationData, environment URL) → constructs payload and headers → fetch to server URL → processes response or error → logs or retries as needed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. Uses standard fetch API with proper headers and JSON payload. No obfuscated code or unusual control flows. All URL endpoints appear to be environment-specific constants. The logic for retries and queue management is standard. No data leaks or privacy violations observed.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a client for batching and sending session replay events. It manages retries, queuing, and scheduling correctly, with no evident malicious or suspicious behavior. The only data transmitted are event-related data, session IDs, and device IDs, all of which are typical for analytics tracking. No hidden or malicious network activity, no suspicious dynamic code execution, and no use of secret keys or credentials within the code itself. The fetch call and response handling are standard, and no malicious payload injection or code injection points are visible.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of a session replay tracking client with proper queue and retry management. There are no signs of malicious intent or security risks. It follows typical patterns for such SDKs, with no suspicious or malicious behavior detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}