{
  "purpose": "This code performs unit tests on the decimal subtraction functionality provided by a local Decimal library, verifying correctness of subtraction operations with various inputs.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from string literals used in the Decimal constructor and the subtraction functions, and from the assertion checks.",
  "sinks": "The code does not have any sinks that could lead to data leaks or security effects; it only performs internal calculations and assertions.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from string literals into the Decimal constructor, then through subtraction functions, and finally into assertions that compare expected and actual results.",
  "anomalies": "The require statement loads a local module ('../lib/decimal.js'), which could be a supply chain risk if compromised, but no malicious behavior is evident in the code itself. The code is straightforward and contains no obfuscation or suspicious patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a simple set of assertions testing the decimal subtraction functionality. It loads a local decimal library and performs multiple subtraction assertions with string inputs, comparing the results to expected outputs. There are no external inputs, network activity, or dynamic code execution. The reliance on a local module ('../lib/decimal.js') is a minor concern from a supply chain perspective but does not indicate malicious intent. The code is not obfuscated, contains no malicious logic, and performs standard arithmetic validation. The malware score is 0, as there is no malicious activity. The security risk score is low (~0.1-0.2), primarily due to the local module dependency, but no evidence suggests tampering or malicious behavior. Confidence in this assessment is high (around 0.9), given the straightforward nature of the code and assertions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign, straightforward test suite verifying decimal subtraction functionality. There is no malicious behavior, obfuscation, or security vulnerability present. The only potential concern is the source and integrity of the local decimal module, but this does not constitute malicious activity in the code itself. The malware score is 0, and the security risk score is low (~0.1-0.2), justified by the supply chain consideration. Overall, the code is safe and appropriate for use in testing environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}