{
  "purpose": "This code dynamically creates and manages CSS rules for styling React components, especially in a web environment, and manages color scheme preferences using cookies and media queries.",
  "sources": "Reads from document.cookie to get color scheme preference, accesses window.matchMedia for system theme detection, and reads DOM elements like <style> to insert styles.",
  "sinks": "Inserts CSS rules into stylesheet, manipulates document.body class list based on cookie and media query results, and injects style and script elements into the DOM.",
  "flows": "Reads cookie value and media query result (sources) -> sets body class accordingly (sink) -> affects style rules and DOM styling (impact).",
  "anomalies": "The script reads a cookie named '__rntwm_color_scheme' to determine theme, and uses setTimeout to asynchronously apply classes based on cookie or system preference. No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. No obfuscated code is present. The code is primarily style and theme management.",
  "analysis": "The code loads styles dynamically and manages theme preference through cookies and system preferences, injecting CSS rules into the DOM. It reads from document.cookie to get theme settings and uses window.matchMedia to detect system theme preferences, then applies classes to document.body. These operations are typical for theme management and do not involve suspicious behavior. There are no network calls, data leaks, or execution of untrusted code. No hardcoded secrets or malicious functions are detected. Overall, the code appears benign, focused on styling and theme handling with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a style management utility for React projects that handles dynamic CSS injection and theme preferences. It does not contain malware or malicious behavior. It should be considered safe, with no security risks detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}