{
  "purpose": "This code manages dynamic CSS styling for a React web application, including injecting styles into the document head, handling dark/light themes based on cookies or system preferences, and generating CSS rules programmatically.",
  "sources": "The code reads cookies (`document.cookie`) and system preferences (`window.matchMedia`) to determine theme settings. It also accesses DOM elements (style tags, document.head) during environment setup.",
  "sinks": "The code inserts CSS rules into the stylesheet via `stylesheet.insertRule()`, and appends a `<style>` element to the document head. It also manipulates DOM classes (`document.body.classList`) based on cookie/system preferences.",
  "flows": "Sources (cookie/system preference detection) influence DOM class modifications and CSS rule insertions. These, in turn, affect the styling and potentially the behavior of the page, but do not directly execute untrusted code.",
  "anomalies": "The code reads cookies and system preferences but does not process or transmit this data externally. The script injection of a small script tag is standard for theme management. No obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or suspicious logic is present. No hardcoded secrets besides the cookie name, which is typical for theme toggling.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes a style element and dynamically creates CSS rules based on React component styles, which are inserted into the stylesheet. It reads a theme cookie and system preference to add classes to the body for theme switching. The cookie reading code is straightforward and used solely for styling purposes. The injection of the `<script>` tag that reads cookie and system preferences is for theme management and does not perform any data exfiltration or malicious activity. The overall code appears to implement a standard theme toggling mechanism with dynamic style management, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This code manages dynamic styling and theme preferences without any malicious intent or suspicious activity. It reads local data (cookies, system preferences) solely for styling purposes and inserts CSS rules safely. There are no indications of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}