{
  "purpose": "This code defines an Angular directive and module for integrating Leaflet's drawing capabilities into a web map application, allowing users to draw, edit, and delete map features with event callbacks.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the Angular component inputs ('leafletDrawOptions') and map events ('L.Draw.Event.*'). It also initializes Leaflet controls and feature groups.",
  "sinks": "The code emits events via Angular EventEmitter objects, which could be used by untrusted components to perform actions. No direct data leaks or malicious sink functions are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (draw options) influences the initialization of the draw control. Map events (created, edited, deleted, etc.) trigger event emissions, enabling downstream handlers to process map feature changes.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious dynamic code execution are present. The code adheres to standard Angular and Leaflet plugin patterns, with no obfuscated or minified code outside the initial UglifyJS/Terser comment. No network requests, data exfiltration, or backdoors are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured Angular directive for Leaflet draw functionality, involving event registration and management of drawing controls. It initializes options, manages map controls, and emits events for drawing lifecycle actions. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, hardcoded credentials, or suspicious data flows. The code appears to be a legitimate open-source map drawing plugin implementation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a Leaflet drawing plugin for Angular applications. It does not contain malware, malicious behaviors, or security risks. It functions solely to facilitate map feature drawing with event notifications, with no signs of malicious intent or security vulnerabilities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}