{
  "purpose": "This code implements an image compression utility for browser environments, allowing users to load images, optionally correct orientation based on EXIF data, and generate compressed image files with various configurable options.",
  "sources": "Reads input image files (File or Blob), reads image data via FileReader, creates object URLs, and accesses image properties like naturalWidth, naturalHeight.",
  "sinks": "Creates and manipulates canvas elements, converts data URLs to Blob objects, generates output files, and invokes success/error callbacks with the resulting or error objects.",
  "flows": "Image file is loaded via FileReader or object URL (source). Image properties are accessed after load event. Canvas is used to draw and process the image. Output blob is created via canvas.toBlob or canvas.toDataURL, then passed to success callback.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behavior detected. The code uses standard web APIs for image processing and does not perform network communications or system modifications. All operations are contained within browser context. No obfuscation or unusual code patterns are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard image compression library designed for browsers, with functions to read image files, process orientation based on EXIF data, resize and crop images via canvas, and output compressed images. It employs well-known APIs (FileReader, Canvas, Blob) and does not perform any network activity, data exfiltration, or system modification. No malicious intent or suspicious anomalies were found. The code includes typical features like hooks for pre/post-processing and error handling. Overall, it appears to be a legitimate, open-source image processing utility without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical, well-structured image compression library intended for client-side use in browsers. It contains no signs of malware, malicious data leaks, or sabotage. The code follows standard patterns and does not include suspicious network or system interactions. It appears safe and non-malicious.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}