{
  "purpose": "The code implements an image compression utility that processes image files or blobs, optionally reading Exif orientation data, resizing, and converting images to different formats and qualities, then outputs a compressed image file.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from a File or Blob object provided during instantiation, and from user-supplied options. It also reads image data via FileReader and potentially accesses object URLs created from the input file.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs compressed image files via callbacks or returns, using canvas.toBlob or canvas.toDataURL. No direct data leaks or external network requests are present in the code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the input File/Blob through FileReader or URL.createObjectURL to an Image object, then into a Canvas for processing. The resulting image data is converted into a Blob or Data URL and passed to success/error callbacks. No untrusted data is sent externally.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain suspicious or unusual code patterns; all functions perform standard image processing tasks. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or privacy-violating behavior detected. It uses common APIs for image manipulation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive image processing library that reads image data from input files, processes orientation and size, and outputs compressed images. It uses standard browser APIs like Canvas, Blob, FileReader, and URL. It includes features like orientation correction, configurable quality, and format conversion, all implemented through well-known methods. No obfuscated code or unusual behaviors are evident. The code lacks any network activity or data exfiltration mechanisms. It does not access or store environment variables or system info, nor does it contain any hidden or malicious functions.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate and standard image compression utility, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It safely processes image data within the browser environment, with no external communication or suspicious behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}