{
  "purpose": "This code provides a client-side JavaScript library for image compression, handling image file reading, orientation correction, resizing, and exporting compressed images as blobs or data URLs.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include image files or blobs provided to the Ocpr class constructor, and internal browser APIs such as FileReader, URL.createObjectURL, and data buffers.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the creation of image objects, canvas manipulation, and blob generation via canvas.toBlob or canvas.toDataURL, which could be misused for malicious image processing or data exfiltration if misappropriated.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input files/blobs through reading (FileReader), potential orientation correction, drawing onto canvases with transformations, and finally output as blobs or data URLs. No evidence of data leaking or network transmission is present.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard open-source image processing library, with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behavior. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is detected. It primarily utilizes standard browser APIs for image handling.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive client-side image compression library. It includes functions for reading image files, correcting orientation based on EXIF data, resizing images within specified bounds, and converting images to compressed blobs or data URLs. It handles multiple browser compatibilities and provides hooks for custom processing. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections to suspicious domains, or system damage. It uses typical JavaScript security practices and only interacts with the browser's sandboxed APIs. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code segments are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate, well-structured image compression library that operates entirely within the browser's sandbox. It does not contain malware or malicious intent. The security risk is negligible, with no evidence of malicious behavior or supply chain compromise.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}