{
  "purpose": "The code defines a PostCSS plugin that processes CSS declarations to generate theme-specific styles based on theme configurations, supporting theme switching and color resolution.",
  "sources": "Reads CSS declaration values (`decl.value`), theme configuration object (`themeConfig`), and options passed during plugin initialization (`options.customThemeConfig`). It also reads theme keys from the theme configuration.",
  "sinks": "Modifies CSS rules by inserting new rules with theme-specific selectors, clones and replaces declaration values, and uses regular expressions to identify theme function calls in CSS values.",
  "flows": "CSS declaration values are matched against a regex to find theme function calls, which then invoke `resolveColor` to compute colors. These computed colors are injected into new CSS rules for different themes, which are inserted after the original rule, and the original declaration is replaced with a default theme value.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The code dynamically generates CSS rules based on theme data, which is standard for theme switching implementations. No obfuscated code or misuse of environment variables. The use of regex and cloning is straightforward.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically processes CSS for theme switching, replacing theme function calls with computed color values. It clones declarations and appends theme-specific rules with data attributes for theme switching. The `hexToRgb` function converts hex colors to RGB. No indications of malicious behavior like network requests, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. The logic is typical for a theme plugin and doesn't contain any malicious code patterns or obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard PostCSS plugin for theme color management, with no malicious behavior detected. It processes theme functions in CSS to generate theme-specific rules safely and appropriately. No malware or security risks identified in this analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}