{
  "purpose": "This code implements the Alias Method for efficient sampling from a discrete probability distribution, providing functions to precompute alias data, draw samples, and generate multiple samples.",
  "sources": "Reads include the input probabilities array, outcomes array (optional), and the RNG function (defaults to Math.random). No external data sources or inputs are used beyond these parameters.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write to or leak data externally. No data is sent over the network or stored persistently.",
  "flows": "Input probabilities are validated and processed in precomputeAlias to generate alias data. The draw and next functions use the alias data and RNG to produce samples. The sample function orchestrates the process, optionally accepting custom RNGs.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies detected. The code uses standard, well-known algorithms without obfuscation or unusual constructs. The RNG parameter allows injecting custom random functions, which is normal but warrants caution if misused externally.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard implementation of the Alias Method for sampling. It performs input validation on probabilities, calculates scaled probabilities, and constructs alias tables. Sampling functions utilize the alias tables and RNG to generate outcomes. No malicious patterns such as network activity, data exfiltration, or system manipulation are present. The use of custom RNGs could be exploited if malicious RNGs are provided externally, but this is a standard feature for flexibility. No obfuscation or hidden behaviors are observed. The code is clean, modular, and adheres to typical patterns for this algorithm.",
  "conclusion": "This code implements a known probabilistic sampling algorithm without any malicious intent or suspicious behavior. It appears safe and suitable for use in applications requiring weighted random sampling, assuming the provided RNG is secure. No malware or security risks are detected based on the code provided.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}