{
  "purpose": "The code is a stylesheet transformation plugin for Salesforce Lightning Web Components (LWC), processing CSS for scoped or native shadow DOM usage, including selector processing, scoping, and import handling.",
  "sources": "Inputs include CSS source strings and configuration objects, and messages resulting from @import directives within CSS processed by PostCSS.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive operations occur in the serialization of CSS tokens, dynamic generation of selector expressions, and import message handling, but no direct sinks for untrusted data leading to security issues are apparent.",
  "flows": "CSS strings are tokenized, processed, transformed into JavaScript functions or expressions, and then serialized for output. Import messages are generated and used to import stylesheets dynamically.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code, backdoors, or hardcoded credentials are present. The code employs standard CSS and PostCSS practices. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected. The import message functions are straightforward and do not perform network operations or data exfiltration.",
  "analysis": "The code processes CSS for LWC components, handling selector scoping, @import statements, and custom pseudo-classes like :host and :dir. It generates JavaScript code for runtime style injection, with no evidence of data leaks, remote communications, or malicious modifications. The import message functions are solely for internal stylesheet referencing. No dynamic code execution from untrusted sources or suspicious network activity is present. The code does not modify external system files or environment variables. It adheres to standard plugin patterns and stylesheet processing, with no signs of supply chain attack vectors or malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate stylesheet compiler for Salesforce LWC, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It performs CSS parsing, transformation, and serialization in a controlled manner, primarily for styling scope and compatibility. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}