{
  "purpose": "The source code is a CSS transformation and processing plugin specifically designed for Salesforce's Lightning Web Components (LWC). It modifies CSS selectors and rules for encapsulation, supports shadow DOM modes, and handles CSS imports. Its main purpose is to facilitate scoped styling, support native and synthetic shadow DOM, and serialize processed CSS for use in LWC components.",
  "sources": "Input CSS source code provided to the 'transform' function; CSS code being processed and transformed within postcss and associated functions; imported stylesheet URLs via '@import' statements during processing.",
  "sinks": "Serialized CSS output returned by 'serialize' function; dynamically generated JavaScript code exporting styles; import statements that include stylesheet URLs.",
  "flows": "CSS source code -> postcss processing -> rule and selector transformations -> serialization into JavaScript module code; import statements -> messages indicating stylesheet dependencies; potential URL strings in import messages and stylesheet URLs.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains functions that generate import messages for stylesheet dependencies, but these are standard and only indicate stylesheet dependencies. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. No dynamic code execution, eval, or code injection is detected. The code primarily manipulates CSS tokens, selectors, and serialization logic. No obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or malicious privacy violations are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive CSS processing plugin that transforms CSS rules for shadow DOM encapsulation and support for native and synthetic shadow modes. It manipulates selectors, attributes, and at-rules to scope styles appropriately, adding placeholder attributes and pseudo-classes. The import handling logic adds messages with stylesheet URLs, which are later used in bundling or dependency management but do not directly execute any network requests or malicious actions. All operations are confined to local CSS processing; no network communications, data leaks, or harmful behaviors are present. The import message functions are standard for dependency tracking within build processes. The serialization functions produce JavaScript code for style modules, and no malicious code is generated or injected. Overall, the code appears to be a legitimate, domain-specific CSS transformation library with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a CSS transformation plugin designed for LWC styling encapsulation. It performs expected tasks such as selector scoping, import handling, and serialization without any malicious behavior or sabotage indicators. No malware, data leaks, or malicious network activity is present. The code is well-structured for its purpose and does not exhibit obfuscation or harmful code patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}