{
  "purpose": "The code implements a React component for a 3D animated card with interactive effects based on mouse movement. It manages DOM manipulation to create a 3D tilt effect and dynamically applies style transformations to nested elements.",
  "sources": "Reads DOM elements via document.querySelector using a dynamic ID based on props (this.props.idKey). Uses React children props to set className based on child element properties.",
  "sinks": "Modifies style properties of DOM elements (transition, transform) directly. No untrusted data is written to external systems or network.",
  "flows": "DOM element selection (source) -> style manipulation in mouse event handlers (sink), driven by mouse events and component lifecycle.",
  "anomalies": "Use of direct DOM queries and style manipulations within React component could indicate an anti-pattern, but is not inherently malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. No obfuscation, code injection, or suspicious network activity present.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically manipulates DOM elements to create a 3D tilt effect based on mouse position, using style transitions and transformations. It reads the target elements using document.querySelector with IDs constructed from props, then applies style changes during mouse events. No network activity, data leaks, or hidden backdoors are evident. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of an animated React component with style effects, with no malicious intent or malicious behavior detected. The pattern of direct DOM manipulation within React is unusual but not malicious. No suspicious external calls or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React component implementing a 3D tilt animation based on mouse movement. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are evident. It appears to be a legitimate UI component with standard styling manipulations. No security issues or malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}