{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component 'AnimatedCard' that creates a 3D animated card with mouse interaction effects. Its primary purpose is to enhance UI/UX with dynamic visual effects.",
  "sources": "Reads DOM elements via document.querySelector based on dynamic IDs derived from props (idKey). It reads 'props', 'window.innerWidth', 'window.innerHeight', and event properties like 'e.pageX' and 'e.pageY'. It also reads 'props.config' for styling configurations.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM styles directly by setting 'style.transition' and 'style.transform' properties on various elements. These manipulations are based on event data and configuration values, but do not process external untrusted data sources directly.",
  "flows": "Input from user mouse events (mouse move, enter, leave) flows to DOM style changes that produce 3D rotation effects. The component reads configuration props to determine transition and transform styles and applies them to DOM nodes accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns such as hardcoded credentials, network calls, or obfuscated code. The code is standard React and DOM manipulation code focused on visual effects. There are commented-out lines unrelated to core logic but nothing suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component implementing mouse-driven 3D effects by directly manipulating DOM styles based on mouse position and configuration props. It uses document.querySelector with IDs constructed from props, which is typical for targeted DOM updates. No external network calls, no suspicious code patterns, no obfuscated code, and no evidence of malicious behavior. The code appears to be solely for UI effects and does not perform any data collection or transfer activities.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard React component for visual effects with no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It relies on DOM style manipulations based on user interactions. No malicious or suspicious activities are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}