{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a collection of Vue.js components and utility functions for integrating Mapbox GL JS maps, controls, geometries, and related features. It facilitates map rendering, controls, geometry overlays, and user interactions.",
  "sources": "Data sources include map styles, user input (props and refs), environment variables like access tokens, and external dependencies such as mapboxgl, @mapbox/mapbox-gl-geocoder, and other Mapbox controls. It also reads configuration props for controls and geometries.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include map object methods (e.g., addControl, removeControl, setPaintProperty, setLngLat, flyTo), event emissions (result, results, error, loading, create, update, delete, etc.), and DOM manipulations (adding/removing layers, sources, controls).",
  "flows": "Input sources like props and injected dependencies feed into control and geometry setup functions. Map interactions, user inputs, or data updates invoke methods that modify map layers, sources, or emit events. Geometry updates and map style changes also form flows. Event handlers propagate data and state updates to parent components.",
  "anomalies": "There are no obvious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code mainly sets up map controls, geometries, and event flows. No suspicious network calls, data exfiltration, or reverse shells are detected. The code structure and dependencies are standard for Mapbox Vue integrations. No hidden or obfuscated code segments are present. External dependencies are common open-source Mapbox libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive Vue.js plugin setup for Mapbox GL JS, including components for map, controls, geometries, and event handling. It utilizes dependency injection for map and geometry objects, sets up map controls, geometries, and event listeners, and manages map layers/sources dynamically. No malicious behavior such as data theft, system damage, or covert network activity is evident. The code does not contain any suspicious dynamic code execution or obfuscated segments. External dependencies are legitimate open-source libraries. Overall, the code functions as intended for map visualization with no signs of sabotage or malware.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard, well-structured Mapbox Vue.js integration library. It does not exhibit malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. The dependencies are common, and no suspicious behaviors or signals are present. It appears safe for use within its scope of map rendering and interaction.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}