{
  "purpose": "The code defines custom Leaflet map layer components for rendering and animating Bezier curves with optional animated plane icons along the paths.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include layer options, path coordinate objects (from, to, mid), icon configurations, and map events (zoom). It reads input from function parameters, options, and map state.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve rendering SVG elements, performing animations, and setting CSS styles. The code uses external libraries (Snap.svg) to manipulate SVG elements and animate them.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (layer options, paths, icons) through internal methods (_updateCurve, _setPath, setAnimatePlane), culminating in visual SVG rendering and animation. Path points and map zoom affect SVG element positioning and animation timing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. The code performs complex SVG animations; no obfuscated code, hidden behaviors, or suspicious dynamic code execution is evident. No external network connections or data exfiltration mechanisms are detected. The code mainly handles visual rendering and animation logic.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily concerned with rendering animated Bezier curves and moving icons on a Leaflet map using SVG manipulations via Snap.svg. It computes midpoints for curves, updates paths, and animates icons along paths with configurable parameters. No indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system modification, or covert network activity are present. The code does not read or write sensitive system data or perform unsafe operations. The only external library used (Snap.svg) is a standard SVG manipulation library. The path animation and SVG updates are purely visual, with no suspicious logic or network activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation for animated map visualizations with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It is safe for use with respect to supply chain security. No malicious or malicious-sounding behaviors are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}