{
  "purpose": "This code provides an image cropping component for React applications, allowing users to upload, crop, rotate, and zoom images within a modal interface. It manages image processing, user interactions, and rendering of the cropping UI.",
  "sources": "Data sources include user-uploaded image files (via file input's beforeUpload), and media loaded events from the image element. It also reads configuration props for aspect ratio, zoom, and rotation.",
  "sinks": "The main sink is the creation of a Blob from a canvas and converting it into a File object which is then passed to a provided callback or resolved via Promise for further upload or processing.",
  "flows": "Input files are read via FileReader, loaded into the cropping component, manipulated on a canvas, and then converted into a Blob/File which is returned via Promise or callback. User interactions (zoom, rotate, crop) update internal state and influence canvas drawing and final image output.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls are evident. External library imports are standard for React image cropping and processing. The only notable operation is the image processing pipeline with canvas, which is legitimate for cropping. No obfuscated or unusual code patterns are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code starts with a style injection function, then imports common libraries and helper functions. The main components, EasyCrop and ImgCrop, are React forwardRef components handling image cropping. ImgCrop manages file upload, image preview, user controls (zoom, rotate), and modal display. The image is loaded via FileReader, processed with a canvas for cropping and rotation, and then converted into a Blob/File for upload or further use. The code includes validation, prop-types, and default props. No external network calls, data exfiltration, or suspicious behavior are detected. The image processing workflow appears legitimate, with no signs of malicious data leaks or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a React-based image cropper component that handles user-uploaded images securely and efficiently. It does not contain malicious behavior or malware. It performs standard image manipulation tasks with no suspicious external communications or hidden functions. Overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}