{
  "purpose": "The code provides a React-based image cropping component with styling and file handling functionalities, including image upload, rotation, zoom, and cropping features.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include image files uploaded via the provided upload component; media loaded into the cropper; environment variables are not used; DOM elements for image processing.",
  "sinks": "Blob creation, canvas drawing, and file upload functions where image data is processed or sent; the code converts images to blobs and files for further use or upload.",
  "flows": "User uploads an image → image is loaded and rendered in cropper → user adjusts crop, zoom, rotate → on confirmation, the image is drawn onto a canvas, processed, and converted into a blob/file → optional beforeUpload hook may modify or reject the file.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network calls are present. No obfuscated or minified code that appears misleading. The image processing involves standard canvas operations. No hidden or malicious functions are evident. No external data exfiltration, network communication, or system modifications are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code utilizes React, third-party cropper and UI components, and an image reduction library. It handles image uploads, resizing, and cropping with client-side canvas operations. No suspicious or malicious code patterns, such as network calls to unknown domains, data exfiltration, or system modifications, are found. The file manipulation and image processing are standard. The only notable activity is image processing for cropping, which is a legitimate feature. No hardcoded secrets or environment variable leaks are present. The code appears to be a secure, feature-complete image cropper component.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code implements a client-side image cropping React component without any signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs image processing and file handling securely, with no suspicious network activity or hidden backdoors. The code is safe for use in applications requiring image cropping functionalities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}