{
  "purpose": "The code implements an image cropping React component with upload, zoom, rotation, and crop functionalities, primarily for UI enhancement in web applications.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from uploaded image files, media loaded from the DOM, and user interactions (button clicks, slider changes). It also reads configuration props and environment variables (if any).",
  "sinks": "The code outputs processed image blobs and files via canvas.toBlob, calls to resolve or reject Promises upon crop completion, and updates React component state. It also creates style elements and appends them to document.head.",
  "flows": "Input files are processed and displayed in a cropper component; user interactions modify zoom/rotation; upon confirmation, canvas generates a cropped image blob, which is returned or passed to callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments are detected. No unusual or misleading code behavior observed. The code uses standard React and third-party libraries without obfuscation or malicious patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component for image cropping with upload support, utilizing standard React hooks and third-party libraries such as 'react-easy-crop' and 'antd'. It includes functions to handle image upload, resizing, cropping, rotation, zoom, and confirmation. There are no signs of code injection, data leakage, or malicious network activity. External dependencies are standard libraries. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious domain connections, or malicious system manipulations are present. Style injection occurs via a safe utility function. Overall, the code appears to be a typical, well-structured React component for image editing, with no malicious intent or security risks identified.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a benign React-based image cropping utility with no detected malicious or sabotage behavior. It performs image processing tasks using well-known libraries and standard techniques. There are no indicators of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}