{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a JavaScript SDK for WebGL/WebAssembly-based media processing, likely related to facial or body recognition, beauty effects, or AR features, managing resources, textures, and WebGL contexts.",
  "sources": "Input streams (camera/media), resource URLs, resource files (fetch), environment variables (possibly), and external assets loaded via URLs or buffers.",
  "sinks": "WebGL rendering contexts, WebAssembly module invocations, resource loading functions, network fetch requests, and file/data uploads.",
  "flows": "Data flows from media streams or resource URLs into textures or buffers, then through WebGL/WebAssembly processing, with resource loading and configuration URL replacement occurring during setup. There are also callbacks for inference and rendering results.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are detected. Resource URLs are dynamically managed. The code uses typical WebGL/WebAssembly patterns and resource management. No unusual obfuscated patterns, no self-modifying code, or hidden network communications are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive SDK managing WebGL/WebAssembly operations, resource loading, and media stream handling. It includes resource fetching with fetch API, dynamic resource management, and WebGL rendering functions. The resource URLs are dynamically constructed and replaced, which is typical for SDKs loading assets. No signs of malicious activity such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, or hidden network connections are present. The resource loading and resource URL replacements are standard for SDKs handling external assets. Resource fetches are only for local or remote assets, not suspicious domains. The code is structured for media processing, inference, and rendering, with no indicators of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a media processing SDK utilizing WebGL and WebAssembly for rendering and inference tasks. It manages resources, textures, and media streams securely without evidence of malicious intent. No suspicious network activity, backdoors, or malicious behaviors were detected. The resource management, resource fetching, and WebGL operations are standard, and the code does not contain obfuscation or malware indicators.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}