{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WebGL-based engine for media processing, rendering, and resource management, likely related to a face or body recognition SDK, involving resource loading, texture handling, and WebAssembly integration.",
  "sources": "Fetch API for loading resources, WebAssembly for executing compiled code, user media streams for camera input, environment variables for configuration, and input data such as buffers and blobs.",
  "sinks": "Rendering outputs to WebGL textures, reading pixels from WebGL context, and potentially network requests during resource loading. No explicit data leaks or network exfiltration observed.",
  "flows": "Input streams or fetched resource data flow into WebGL textures and WebAssembly modules, which process media frames or resources, then produce rendering output or pixel data. No suspicious data transmission flows detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code structures. The code uses dynamic imports, resource loading, and media stream processing but no obfuscated code, suspicious network communication, or unauthorized data access patterns are apparent. Use of resource fetch and WebAssembly appears standard for such SDKs.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides a media rendering and processing framework utilizing WebGL, WebAssembly, and resource management. It loads assets over the network, processes media streams, manages textures, and interfaces with WASM modules for complex processing. No signs of malicious activity such as system data exfiltration, unauthorized network connections, or backdoors are evident. The structure and resource handling are consistent with SDKs for real-time media processing. No anomalous behavior, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious logic flows are present.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a standard implementation of a WebGL and WebAssembly-based media SDK focused on face/body recognition or similar tasks. It handles resource loading, media streams, and rendering with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. No malware signals detected. The security risk is minimal, mostly related to the inherent risks of resource fetching and WebAssembly use, which are common in such SDKs.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}