{
  "purpose": "The code defines an AngularJS factory service 'HttpService' that provides HTTP methods (GET, POST, DELETE) and Server-Sent Events (SSE) connection handling, mainly for communication with a REST API backend.",
  "sources": "Input sources include function parameters (url, params, data, options), environment variables for UUID generation (uuid()), and possibly external data passed in data and params objects.",
  "sinks": "Sinks include $http requests (GET, POST, DELETE) and EventSource connections, which send and receive data over the network. Headers include 'cid' with UUIDs. No obvious dangerous sinks like system commands are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (params, data, options) flow into request URL construction, headers, and request bodies, leading to HTTP requests or SSE connections. The flow from untrusted data could reach network sinks, but no data is directly written to system or files.",
  "anomalies": "There are no hardcoded credentials, suspicious hardcoded URLs, or backdoors. The UUIDs used as 'cid' are generated dynamically. The code constructs URLs with query parameters directly from input without sanitization, but this is typical for API calls and not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code creates HTTP requests with dynamic URL construction from parameters, uses UUIDs for request correlation, and establishes SSE connections. It does not include any obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or malicious network activity. No dangerous code injection or data leaks are evident. The URL construction could be manipulated with malicious params, but no malicious behavior is evident from the code itself. The use of EventSource appears standard for real-time updates.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of an AngularJS HTTP service wrapper with SSE support. No signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks are detected. The only potential concern is the lack of input sanitization in URL query parameters, but this is a common pattern in API calls and not inherently malicious.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}