{
  "purpose": "The code implements a server process manager that controls child processes, handles triggers, restarts, and termination, using Node.js child_process APIs. It manages process chains, callbacks, and signals, executing commands and functions based on external inputs and configurations.",
  "sources": "Configuration objects, function parameters, environment variables, trigger files, and callback functions such as 'fn' and 'exec_fn'.",
  "sinks": "Child process APIs ('spawn', 'fork', 'exec', 'execFile'), callback functions, process signals (SIGINT), and file existence checks.",
  "flows": "External inputs (parameters, files, environment variables) influence subprocess creation, command execution, and callback invocation, potentially leading untrusted data to execute arbitrary commands or code.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, obfuscation, or backdoors detected. The code is verbose and complex but transparent. Risks stem from unvalidated external inputs used in process spawning and command execution.",
  "analysis": "The code is a legitimate server process orchestrator managing subprocesses and triggers. It uses standard Node.js APIs and handles process lifecycle events. No malicious activity or obfuscation is evident. The primary security concern is the potential for command injection if inputs to subprocess functions ('exec', 'spawn', 'execFile', 'fork') are untrusted and not sanitized. Callback functions ('fn', 'exec_fn') could execute malicious code if supplied externally. The code's structure suggests it is designed for flexible process control, but without input validation, it could be exploited. The malware score is 0, as no malicious intent or backdoors are present. The risk score is moderate (~0.6), reflecting the potential for command injection in the absence of input validation. Confidence in this assessment is high (0.75-0.9).",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate server process manager with no active malicious behavior. The main security risk involves executing commands or functions based on external, potentially untrusted inputs, which could lead to command injection or code execution if inputs are not properly validated and sanitized. The malware and obfuscation scores are 0, with a moderate security risk score (~0.6). Proper input validation and sanitization are recommended to mitigate potential exploitation.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.6,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}