{
  "purpose": "Render a 3D illuminated cube using WebGL shaders with lighting calculations based on normal vectors and light direction.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include attribute buffers for vertex positions, colors, and normals; uniform variables for matrices and light direction; and DOM element 'webgl'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include uniform variables for transformation matrices and light direction, and the drawElements call that renders the scene. No data is written to external systems or network.",
  "flows": "Vertex attributes (positions, colors, normals) flow into shader programs. Uniforms (matrices, light direction) are set in JavaScript and used in shaders for calculations. The final rendering occurs with gl.drawElements.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual dynamic code execution are present. The code uses standard WebGL rendering pipeline, normal matrix calculations, and view transformations. No obfuscated or minified code. Light direction transformation to eye space is standard practice.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes WebGL context, sets up shaders and buffers for vertices, colors, normals, and indices for a cube. It calculates view and projection matrices, normal matrices, and transforms light direction into eye coordinates. The shader programs perform standard lighting calculations based on normals and light direction. There are no signs of malicious code or suspicious behavior. It employs typical rendering techniques without any network communication, data leaks, or backdoors. The code is well-structured, uses clear variable names, and adheres to common WebGL practices. No anomalies or malicious patterns are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward WebGL application rendering a lit cube with standard shaders and transformations. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this code. It functions solely for 3D rendering purposes.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.0,
  "report_number": 5
}