{
  "purpose": "Render a shaded 3D cube with lighting effects using WebGL shaders and buffers.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include HTML canvas element, shader source strings, and hardcoded vertex, color, and normal arrays.",
  "sinks": "Uniforms for matrices and light direction, WebGL buffer bindings, and draw calls for rendering the cube.",
  "flows": "Vertex data and normal vectors are loaded into buffers; shaders receive uniform matrices and light direction; transformations and normal calculations flow into lighting calculations during rendering.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. Shader code is standard and straightforward. No network activity, file system access, or dynamic code execution observed. All data is static or derived from inputs; normal matrix computations are standard. No unusual variables or code patterns. No obfuscation or minification present. Consistent and standard WebGL usage.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes a WebGL context, loads shaders, sets up buffers for vertices, colors, and normals, and performs standard 3D transformations and lighting calculations. The shader programs implement basic Phong-like lighting with diffuse component. The normal and MVP matrices are computed and passed to shaders. The light direction is normalized and transformed into eye coordinates before being used. No code indicates data exfiltration, malicious network communication, or backdoor mechanisms. No use of environment variables, hidden code, or dynamic code execution. The logic is consistent with a typical WebGL cube rendering example, with no suspicious elements.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, legitimate WebGL example for rendering a lit cube. It does not contain any malicious behavior or sabotage indicators. The design and implementation follow common practices, and no anomalies or malware signals are present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}