{
  "purpose": "This code automates the setup and deployment of Kubernetes resources, including creating namespaces, applying configuration files, and deploying services like Nginx, MongoDB, RabbitMQ, and MySQL. It also manages cluster privileges necessary for deployment.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from configuration files, environment variables (via kubeconfig), and command-line parameters. It also executes shell commands using 'exec' and constructs commands dynamically with string concatenation.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data could potentially flow into shell commands via string concatenation, leading to command injection if inputs are compromised. It also creates cluster role bindings with elevated privileges, which could be misused if environment security is breached.",
  "flows": "Sources include configuration files and environment variables; flows lead into shell command execution and resource creation functions; privilege escalation commands (cluster role binding) are executed as part of setup, representing critical points where misuse could occur.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or malicious payloads are present. The creation of cluster role bindings with cluster-admin privileges is a standard but high-privilege operation that warrants caution. The use of 'exec' with string concatenation is typical but should be monitored for input control.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard Kubernetes deployment procedures with clear, straightforward logic. It creates resources such as namespaces, services, stateful sets, and config maps. The only notable operation is granting cluster-admin privileges via cluster role binding, which is common in initial setup scripts but can be risky if misused. There are no signs of malicious behavior, data leaks, or obfuscation. The risk score is moderate due to privilege escalation but not malicious. The malware score remains zero throughout, as no malicious intent is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a legitimate deployment automation tool for Kubernetes clusters, with elevated privileges typical for initial setup. There is no malicious code or obfuscation. The main security consideration is the privilege escalation step, which should be used cautiously. Overall, the code is safe in context, with a low malware and obfuscation risk, and a moderate security risk primarily due to privilege escalation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}