{
  "purpose": "The code implements pluralization functions supporting various locales, providing mechanisms to determine plural forms based on locale and numeric input.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from function arguments such as locale identifiers and numeric values.",
  "sinks": "Uses data to select plural form strings; no direct data leaks or external communications observed.",
  "flows": "Input data (locale, number) flows through normalization and plural form determination functions, resulting in selected plural form labels.",
  "anomalies": "The code is heavily obfuscated minified JavaScript with complex require-like module loading, but no suspicious network or system interaction code is present. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. The code dynamically adds pluralization rules, which could be modified externally if the 'add' function is misused, but within this code, it appears as static data.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides locale-based pluralization rules. It contains standard functions for normalizing locale identifiers, retrieving plural forms, and defining pluralization rules for many languages. The module uses a self-invoking function with a typical module pattern (CommonJS, AMD, global). The actual pluralization rules are added via 'add' calls for numerous locales. No code injection, network communication, or system modifications are evident. The complex structure is consistent with autogenerated CLDR-based pluralization data, not malicious obfuscation or malware. The code does not perform any operations beyond plural form calculation based on input parameters. The only potential concern is the obfuscated minified structure, but no malicious behaviors are present in the logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard pluralization utility derived from CLDR data, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is obfuscated due to minification but functionally safe. No malicious activity such as network calls, data exfiltration, or system modifications is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}