{
  "purpose": "Implement a WebRTC DataChannel wrapper for peer-to-peer data communication, supporting serialization, chunking, and reliable transmission.",
  "sources": "Requires external modules ('./util', 'eventemitter3', './negotiator', 'mesheam-reliable') and reads input data for sending messages, incoming data via onmessage, and configuration options.",
  "sinks": "Sends data through this._dc.send(), emits 'data' events, and handles signaling messages like SDP and ICE candidates via Negotiator functions.",
  "flows": "Input data is serialized and sent through the DataChannel, potentially chunked. Incoming messages are deserialized, reassembled if chunked, and emitted. Signaling messages are processed to establish and maintain connection.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code manages chunked data and reliable transmission but does not include suspicious or malicious code. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hidden network connections are detected. The use of the Reliable shim is standard for browser compatibility.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a WebRTC DataChannel abstraction with support for different serialization formats and chunking. It manages connection state, handles incoming messages, and provides methods to send data. It uses external modules for utilities and reliable transmission. The signaling handling via 'ANSWER' and 'CANDIDATE' messages appears standard. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, system manipulation, or backdoors. The code does not make network connections outside signaling, nor does it perform any unauthorized system actions.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a typical implementation of a peer-to-peer data channel wrapper with standard features and no indicators of malicious intent. It appears safe and does not exhibit malware behavior or security risks beyond the normal operational concerns of WebRTC data channels.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}