{
  "purpose": "Fetches and renders a blog post from ButterCMS using a public API key, injecting HTML content into the DOM.",
  "sources": "API response data, specifically 'seo_title', 'meta_description', 'featured_image', 'title', and 'body' from the CMS.",
  "sinks": "dangerouslySetInnerHTML for 'body' content, and setting meta tags with data from the CMS.",
  "flows": "API response data flows from ButterCMS API to component state, then to DOM via JSX rendering and meta tags.",
  "anomalies": "Use of a hardcoded API key in client-side code; injection of HTML content without sanitization; use of deprecated lifecycle method 'componentWillMount'.",
  "analysis": "The code retrieves a blog post from ButterCMS using a publicly exposed API key, then renders the content including meta tags and HTML body. No malicious code, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are present. The primary security concerns are the exposure of the API key and potential XSS vulnerabilities due to injecting untrusted HTML content. The API key appears to be a public key, which mitigates some risk. The use of 'dangerouslySetInnerHTML' is standard for CMS content but warrants caution if the CMS content is not sanitized. The malware score is 0, as no malicious code or behavior is detected. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and straightforward. The security risk score is approximately 0.4, reflecting moderate concern mainly due to API key exposure and potential XSS if the CMS content is compromised. The deprecated lifecycle method is a best practice issue but not malicious. Overall, the code is typical for CMS integration with security considerations around API key management and content sanitization.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not contain malware or malicious behavior. The main issues are the exposure of a public API key and potential XSS risks from injecting HTML content. Scores are consistent with these findings. No changes to malware or obfuscation scores are necessary. The moderate security risk score (around 0.4) appropriately reflects the exposure and content injection concerns, but no active malicious activity is present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}