{
  "purpose": "To compute the natural logarithm of the gamma function (gammaln) for various input values, using different approximation methods depending on the range of input x.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameter x, uses mathematical functions (Math.log, Math.sin, Math.PI), imports from '@toshiara/sinpi' and '@toshiara/helper-functions'. No external or untrusted data sources observed.",
  "sinks": "Performs calculations with mathematical functions and constants; does not write data to external systems or network. No evident data leakage or insecure output operations.",
  "flows": "Input x is processed through range checks and mathematical operations, including sine calculations for negative x, polynomial evaluations for approximation, and logarithmic computations. No external data or untrusted inputs flow into critical sink points outside the function parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns or behaviors such as hardcoded credentials, obfuscated logic, or hidden network activities. Code appears to follow standard mathematical computation methods with appropriate comments and licensing. No backdoors, malicious network calls, or privacy violations detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs mathematical computations for gammaln using well-known approximation techniques, with careful handling of edge cases such as NaN, infinity, and zero. It uses imported helper functions for polynomial evaluation and sine calculation, which are standard. No signs of malicious behavior, data leaks, or sabotage. The implementation strictly adheres to standard mathematical algorithms without suspicious alterations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of the gammaln function with no evidence of malicious intent or malicious behavior. It follows known algorithms for gamma function logarithm computation and handles special cases appropriately. No security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}