{
  "purpose": "The code implements a mathematical function to compute the natural logarithm of the gamma function (gammaln) using various approximation methods based on input value ranges. It appears to be part of a numerical library for mathematical functions.",
  "sources": "Reads input parameter 'x', environment variables (indirectly via Math functions), and requires external modules '@toshiara/sinpi' and '@toshiara/helper-functions'.",
  "sinks": "Calculations involve Math functions such as Math.log, Math.sin, and Math.abs; no direct output or network operations are present. No data leaks or outputs are evident.",
  "flows": "Input 'x' is processed through various conditional branches and polynomial approximations to compute the output; external modules are used for sine and polynomial evaluation functions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, backdoors, or hidden behaviors. The code performs standard numerical approximation for gamma logarithm with well-documented mathematical methods. No hardcoded credentials, network calls, or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of gammaln function, using established mathematical techniques and polynomial approximations. It handles special cases such as NaN, infinity, zero, and negative inputs via reflection formula. The use of external modules is for sine computations and polynomial evaluation, which are standard in numerical libraries. There are no signs of obfuscated or malicious behavior, such as hidden network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code is purely mathematical and computational in nature.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard numerical implementation of the gammaln function with no malicious intent or suspicious behaviors. It is well-commented and based on reputable mathematical methods. No security risks are evident from this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}