{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement a financial utility library for formatting and handling monetary values, including rounding, conversion, and localization features. It provides classes and functions for precise decimal arithmetic, currency formatting, and value manipulation.",
  "sources": "Reads data from input parameters for formatting and calculation, such as configuration objects, locale strings, and monetary amounts. It also accesses external built-in objects like Intl.NumberFormat and RegExp for parsing templates and locale validation.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include formatted strings for display, rounding results, and monetary calculations. No direct data leaks or system modifications are evident. External calls are limited to standard Intl and RegExp methods, which are safe.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters (amounts, configuration, locale) through formatting and parsing functions, resulting in formatted display strings or new Money instances. No suspicious flow to external network or system resources is detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains a large, complex implementation of decimal arithmetic (big.js) but no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious logic. No unusual code constructs, such as obfuscated dynamic code execution, malicious network requests, or credential theft, are present. The only notable element is the extensive use of regex for template parsing, which is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for high-precision decimal calculations (via big.js), locale validation, and a MoneyFormatter class for currency display customization. It handles input validation, rounding, and formatting with attention to localization. There are no indications of malicious intent, such as data exfiltration, system damage, or covert channels. The code relies solely on standard JavaScript features and well-known libraries, with no suspicious network or file system interactions.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a secure, well-structured monetary formatting and calculation library. It performs high-precision decimal operations, locale-based formatting, and provides customizable options. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is safe for use in a production environment from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}