{
  "purpose": "The code implements a JavaScript library for handling and formatting monetary values, including number formatting, currency formatting, rounding, and basic arithmetic operations on money amounts.",
  "sources": "Input sources include: constructor parameters for Money and MoneyFormatter (amount, locale, templates, configuration objects), and method inputs for arithmetic operations (add, subtract, multiply, divide, etc.).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve: formatting output (toString, format, formatToParts), arithmetic operations that could influence financial calculations, and environment variables or global settings (though none appear explicitly).",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources (money amounts, configuration objects) through processing functions (parsing, formatting, arithmetic) to output (formatted strings, numeric values). No external untrusted data flows are evident.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns such as obfuscated code, hidden network connections, or backdoors. The code adheres to standard number and string manipulation practices. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. Usage of external libraries is limited to standard Intl.NumberFormat for formatting.",
  "analysis": "The code provides functions for monetary calculations, formatting, and localization. It includes parsing of templates with regex and handling of locale-based formatting. No network requests, file operations, or environment variable accesses are present. No dynamic code execution or suspicious patterns are detected. The code’s structure and logic are consistent with a standard monetary utility library. It handles number parsing, rounding, and formatting securely without evident malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code appears to be a straightforward monetary formatting and calculation library. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, data exfiltration, or sabotage mechanisms. The code focuses on number manipulation, string formatting, and internationalization without external or hidden malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}