{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of utility functions and classes for handling monetary values and formatting, including currency formatting based on locale and templates. It provides methods for arithmetic operations, formatting, and parsing currency values with localization support.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from function parameters, such as monetary amounts, locale strings, and configuration objects. It also accesses environment-like variables indirectly through predefined constants and locale-specific data (e.g., currency codes). No direct user input or external data sources are present within the code fragment.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs formatted strings, numerical conversions, and class instances. It does not write data to external systems, files, or network connections. No sensitive data is sent externally, nor are there apparent data leaks or system modification commands.",
  "flows": "Input data (amounts, locale strings, configuration objects) flow through class constructors and functions for parsing and formatting. Data flows into formatting functions (like 'formatToParts' and 'format'), which produce formatted strings or objects. There are no indications of malicious flow paths involving untrusted sources to sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hard-coded credentials, or backdoors are detected. The code relies on well-understood localization and formatting APIs, with no dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or suspicious variable names. The constants and functions serve standard formatting purposes without malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code is focused on monetary value management and formatting, utilizing standard JavaScript Intl APIs and arithmetic functions. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as network communications, data exfiltration, or system sabotage. The only minor concern is the use of 'Number' conversions which are standard; no hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code structure is typical for a currency formatter library, with no obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or malicious control flows.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate monetary formatting library with no signs of malicious intent, sabotage, or security risks. It uses standard practices and APIs for formatting and arithmetic, and there are no suspicious behaviors detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}