{
  "purpose": "This code provides a JavaScript library for formatting and manipulating monetary values, including localization support, rounding strategies, and template-based formatting for display purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads input data mainly through function parameters (e.g., amount, configuration objects, locale strings), and from environment (locale and symbol overrides). It also processes strings via regex in parseTemplate and formatDefaultTemplate methods.",
  "sinks": "Formats monetary values into strings, potentially vulnerable if untrusted input influences formatting templates or locale, which could lead to display injection or UI issues. No direct data leaks or system command execution observed.",
  "flows": "Input data (amounts, locale, templates) flows into formatting functions; regex parsing extracts template parts; template parts influence display strings. No evidence of data being sent over network or executed as code.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears to strictly handle data transformation and formatting; no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code segments. No suspicious dynamic code execution, no hidden network activity, no obfuscated code. Use of regex and string manipulations are standard.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages formatting of monetary values, localization, and rounding strategies, utilizing standard JavaScript features and Intl APIs. No indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, code injection, or hidden network activity. The only potential concern is if formatting templates are supplied externally and could inject malicious display content, but this is typical in templating systems and not inherently malicious. No use of eval, Function constructor, or similar dynamic code execution techniques. Overall, the code is well-structured, with a focus on formatting and calculation logic, and does not exhibit malicious patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate monetary formatting library with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles input data securely within its scope, with standard use of JavaScript features. No malware or security risks identified beyond typical formatting logic. Suitable for use, assuming safe template inputs.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}