{
  "purpose": "The provided code appears to be a collection of Vue.js components and utility functions intended for a data explorer application. It includes UI elements such as filters, tables, toasts, and display components. Its primary purpose is to facilitate data visualization, filtering, sorting, and user interaction within a web interface.",
  "sources": "Sources of data input include user interactions with UI elements (clicks, input fields, checkboxes), props passed to components (filters, data, metadata, selection states), and external functions (e.g., options promises for filtering). These are mainly through component props and user events.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks where untrusted data could cause issues include: rendering innerHTML (HTMLDisplay component), dynamic URL and mailto links (LinkDisplay, EmailDisplay), and event emissions (input, sort, toggleSelectedItemsHandler). No evidence of insecure code injections or dangerous network calls is present.",
  "flows": "Data flows primarily from user input or props (sources) through Vue.js reactivity and component methods, resulting in state updates, emitted events, or DOM updates (sinks). For example, user modifies filters -> Vue data properties update -> emitted events propagate -> parent components update data states.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are identified. The code contains numerous standard Vue.js patterns, including async data fetching, reactive state management, and component communication. The code includes utility functions, component definitions, and templates; no obfuscated or minified code outside of standard transpiled output. No external network requests or suspicious side effects are apparent.",
  "analysis": "Step-by-step analysis shows the code is a comprehensive Vue.js component library for a data explorer interface. It includes filter components (checkbox, range, string, date), table components with sorting and selection, and display components (links, HTML, dates, files). The code employs typical Vue.js practices: props, data, computed properties, watchers, event emissions, and template rendering. The only potential concern is the use of innerHTML in DataDisplay components, which could be exploited if the data is maliciously crafted; however, this is a common pattern and not inherently malicious unless combined with untrusted data sources. There are no network calls, no eval or dynamic code execution, and no code injection points observed. All functions and patterns align with secure Vue.js UI component standards.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of Vue.js components intended for a data exploration interface, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It primarily handles user interaction, data display, and filtering in a standard manner. No evidence suggests malware, backdoors, or security vulnerabilities outside normal UI operation. The only minor consideration is cautious handling of innerHTML, but without external data injection, this remains standard practice.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}