{
  "purpose": "The provided code appears to be a collection of Vue.js component definitions and utility functions for a data exploration interface, including filters, tables, and UI elements. It is intended to support a web-based data exploration UI with filtering, sorting, pagination, and display functionalities.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from component props such as 'value', 'filters', 'data', 'metadata', 'entitiesToShow', and various user interactions (clicks, input events). It also calls external functions for options, and emits events to parent components.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include event emissions ('input', 'sort', 'toggleSelectedItemsHandler', etc.), DOM interactions (click handlers, DOM refs for tooltips/popovers), and the use of external functions provided via props for options and queries.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props into component state; user actions trigger event handlers that modify internal state and emit events. For example, clicking a filter or sorting header updates the parent model via emitted events. Filters and options functions can be called, which may involve network requests if provided as async functions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are visible. The code is mainly Vue.js components and utility functions; it uses standard patterns for data-binding, event handling, and DOM updates. No suspicious network calls, reverse shells, or data leaks are detected. The only noteworthy aspect is the extensive code generated by transpilation tools (Babel) and component normalizations, which are standard for Vue projects.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of Vue.js component definitions with typical props, data, computed, and methods. The components manage UI elements like filters, tables, pagination, and notifications. Event handling follows Vue conventions, and data flows seem to be confined to UI logic and user interactions. External functions for data options and queries are passed as props and are called appropriately, with no signs of malicious network activity or code injection. The code does not perform any direct system access, file manipulation, or external communications outside standard web UI behavior. There are no hardcoded secrets or credentials. The presence of helper functions from Babel helpers and component normalization routines are standard for transpiled Vue code. Overall, there are no indicators of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a typical Vue.js component library for a data explorer UI, with no evidence of malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It relies on external functions for data retrieval, which are passed as props, and all user interactions are handled via standard event emissions and DOM updates. The code appears safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}