{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of Vue.js components for a data explorer interface, including filters, tables, pagination, and toast notifications, intended for rendering and user interaction within a web application.",
  "sources": "Sources include props for user input (e.g., filter values, selections, sorting options), and component event emissions (e.g., input, sort, toggleSelectedItemsHandler). No explicit external data sources or network calls are embedded within this code snippet.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are event emissions that could trigger state changes or API calls elsewhere in the application, but within this code, no direct dangerous operations (e.g., code execution, network requests) are evident. DOM manipulations are standard Vue template bindings.",
  "flows": "User interactions with UI components (clicks, inputs) trigger Vue model updates and event emissions. Data flow mainly involves updating component props, internal state, and emitting events to parent components. No malicious flow patterns are identifiable.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, obfuscated code, or unusual dynamic code execution, are present. The code is a standard Vue component structure with no external eval or Function calls, and no minified/obfuscated code outside standard build artifacts.",
  "analysis": "The code contains a comprehensive Vue.js component library for filtering, table rendering, pagination, and notifications, all structured with standard Vue practices. The initial and middle sections are mainly helper functions, component definitions, and templates with no network or system commands. The code relies on props, events, and internal data for UI interactions. The entire code appears consistent with typical component-based UI development, with no signs of malicious intent. The last parts include component registration and export statements, again standard for Vue library modules.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard, well-structured Vue.js component library intended for a data exploration UI. There are no indicators of malicious behavior, sabotage, or supply chain attacks. It is a typical frontend component collection without embedded malware or malicious payloads.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}