{
  "purpose": "This code defines a collection of Vue.js components for a data exploration and filtering UI, including filters, tables, toasts, and display components.",
  "sources": "The code primarily reads props, component data, event emissions, and imported methods. It also reads external data via props such as 'value', 'filters', 'data', 'metadata', and fetches options via functions passed as props (e.g., 'options'). No explicit external input reading beyond these props and functions.",
  "sinks": "The main sinks are event emitters (e.g., '$emit' calls such as 'input', 'sort', 'toggleSelectedItemsHandler', 'removeFilter', 'satisfy-all') which can trigger external actions, and DOM updates for UI rendering. No direct sink to network or file system is detected.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and internal data into component templates for rendering. User interactions trigger event emissions that update parent component state. Filter options fetched via asynchronous functions propagate into internal data. No suspicious source-to-sink data flow that would indicate malicious behavior.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious data leaks observed. No dynamic code execution, eval, or obfuscated code present. External functions such as 'options' are passed as props, which is typical for asynchronous data fetching. No code is loading external URLs or executing network requests directly. All code appears to be standard Vue.js component definitions with no hidden or malicious code embedded.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive set of Vue components for a data filtering and display UI, including components for filters, tables, pagination, toasts, and various data display types. It uses standard patterns: prop-driven data, event emission, and component composition. No indications of malware like data exfiltration, hidden network requests, or backdoors. The dynamic options functions could potentially fetch external data, but they are passed in as props, which is a normal pattern. The code is unminified, with no obfuscation, and follows standard Vue component patterns. No suspicious logic such as code injection, eval, or hidden network calls are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a typical open-source Vue.js component library for data exploration and filtering, with no malicious behavior or sabotage detected. It is designed for standard UI interactions, data display, and asynchronous data fetching through passed-in functions. No evidence of malware or security risks within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}