{
  "purpose": "The code is a comprehensive Vue.js component library for data exploration, including filters, tables, pagination, and display components. It reads data from props, internal state, and external async functions for data fetching, emitting events for user interactions. No network requests, eval, or obfuscation are present. It appears to be a standard, transpiled Vue.js UI library without malicious patterns.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from props, internal data, and functions passed as props (like 'options()') for dynamic data fetching. It also uses event emissions for parent communication. No external network requests or file system access are embedded.",
  "sinks": "Event emissions (e.g., 'input', 'sort', 'removeFilter') and DOM updates. No direct network or system commands. Use of innerHTML in some display components is standard but should be sanitized if data is untrusted.",
  "flows": "Data flows from props and user interactions into component state and emitted events. External functions like 'options()' are invoked for data fetching, with no suspicious network activity detected.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code. No eval or dynamic code execution. Use of innerHTML is typical but warrants caution if data is untrusted. No suspicious URL loads or hidden network calls.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of Vue.js components for data filtering, display, and interaction, following standard patterns. External functions for data retrieval are passed as props, which is common. No malicious code, obfuscation, or sabotage is evident. The use of innerHTML in display components is standard but should be handled carefully with untrusted data. The code is transpiled but not obfuscated, with no hidden payloads.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate open-source Vue.js data exploration component library with no malicious intent or security risks. The only minor concern is the use of innerHTML, which is typical for rendering HTML content but should be sanitized if data is untrusted. Overall, the supply chain appears safe.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}