{
  "purpose": "The code provides a Grunt task module for processing HTML, CSS, and Angular files during build time, specifically for handling reference replacement, asset revisioning, and configuration updates for build automation.",
  "sources": "Input sources include files expanded via grunt.file.expand and grunt.file.read, as well as data passed into the Grunt tasks such as HTML content and configuration objects.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the grunt.file.write function which writes modified content back to disk, and the grunt.config method which updates build configuration objects. No direct network or sensitive data access is present.",
  "flows": "Input files are read, processed through specialized processors (HTMLProcessor, CSSProcessor, AngularProcessor), then rewritten to disk and used to update Grunt configuration, forming a source-to-sink flow during build processing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are evident. The code mainly involves build automation logic. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or unusual variables are present. No external network activity or data exfiltration mechanisms are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard Grunt task module that manages build processes involving file reading, content processing, and configuration updates. The use of external libraries (HTMLProcessor, CSSProcessor, etc.) suggests modular design focused on build automation. The code does not include any code injection, network calls, or sensitive data handling. It performs file expansions, content transformations, and updates build configs, all typical for build scripts. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware behavior; the purpose is legitimate build automation.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate build automation script for web assets with no malicious behavior detected. It simply reads, processes, and writes files, and updates build configs without any suspicious actions or malware signals.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}