{
  "purpose": "This module defines a Grunt task for processing HTML files to handle build blocks for JavaScript and CSS assets, including updating configuration for concatenation, minification, and RequireJS optimization.",
  "sources": "External dependencies such as 'util', local modules '../lib/htmlprocessor', '../lib/cssprocessor', '../lib/angularprocessor', '../lib/revvedfinder', and Grunt's internal APIs (grunt.file, grunt.config, grunt.log, etc.). No user input is directly read from external sources in the code snippet.",
  "sinks": "File read/write operations via grunt.file.read and grunt.file.write, updating Grunt configuration objects (concat, min, css, requirejs). No network or sensitive data exposure observed.",
  "flows": "File contents are read into memory, processed by specific processors, and then written back to disk. Configuration objects are dynamically updated based on parsing HTML build blocks. No untrusted data flows to network or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors identified. The code appears to be a standard build script for asset processing, with comments explaining its purpose. No obfuscated code or unusual language features detected.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes and registers Grunt tasks for 'usemin' and 'useminPrepare', which process HTML files for asset optimization blocks. It utilizes external custom processors to parse HTML, CSS, and Angular-specific directives. Files are expanded, read, and processed with standard Node.js and Grunt APIs. The dynamic update of Grunt configuration objects and file contents appears to be typical for build automation. No network calls, no execution of untrusted code, and no use of dangerous functions are present. The code functions as intended for asset management in build pipelines.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard build script for managing asset references in HTML files, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or suspicious data flows. The code is well-structured for its purpose, with no anomalous or malicious features detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}