{
  "purpose": "Initialize and load configuration, services, controllers, models, requests, and actions for a Node.js application, with environment-specific logging and cleanup handlers.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (environment.app.name, environment.node.env, global.environment.app.type), filesystem checks (fs.existsSync), dynamic requires for services, controllers, models, actions",
  "sinks": "Process event handlers (process.on) that can trigger process exit, writing logs to system.write, console.error, and stream.write, dynamic require calls based on filesystem contents",
  "flows": "Process signals (SIGTERM, SIGHUP, etc.) trigger cleanup or shutdown, filesystem existence checks lead to directory creation, dynamic requires load modules into global objects, error handling logs and exits",
  "anomalies": "Use of dynamic require with filesystem contents without validation, reliance on global objects, no validation or sanitization of environment variables, potential unhandled promise rejections, no explicit security checks on input sources or environment",
  "analysis": "The code primarily sets up process event handlers for shutdown and error logging, dynamically loads modules from filesystem into global objects, and creates directories if absent. There is no evidence of malicious code such as network communication, data exfiltration, backdoors, or obfuscated code. The use of dynamic require could be risky if the filesystem contents are manipulated, but this is a common pattern for plugin/module loading. Environment variables are referenced but not sanitized, which could lead to issues if misconfigured, but not malicious per se. The code does not contain any hardcoded credentials, suspicious network activity, or hidden backdoors. Overall, the code functions as an application bootstrap with standard practices. No malicious behavior or sabotage detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code serves as a bootstrap for a Node.js app, loading modules and setting up environment-based logging and process handlers. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or sabotage. Its main risk lies in the dynamic module loading without validation, but this is a common pattern and not inherently malicious. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}