{
  "purpose": "Firebase Cloud Function verifying reCAPTCHA tokens (v2 and v3) via Google's API, handling input, and responding with verification results.",
  "sources": "request.query.token, request.query.version, request.headers['x-forwarded-for'], functions.config().recaptcha.key, functions.config().recaptcha.keyv2, functions.config().serviceaccount, functions.config().recaptcha.key, functions.config().recaptcha.keyv2",
  "sinks": "axios.post request to Google's reCAPTCHA API, response.status().send, functions.logger.log",
  "flows": "token and version from request → API request to Google → response handling based on success/error → response sent back to client",
  "anomalies": "Placeholder private_key in admin.initializeApp() ('your-server-private_key'), no input validation or sanitization, redundant secret parameter in axios request body",
  "analysis": "The code implements a standard reCAPTCHA verification flow within a Firebase Cloud Function. It retrieves tokens and version info from request parameters, constructs an API call to Google's reCAPTCHA service, and processes the response to determine success or failure. The admin SDK is initialized with a placeholder private key, which is insecure if replaced with real credentials. No malicious code, obfuscation, or suspicious network activity is detected. The main concern is the insecure handling of credentials, which could lead to credential leakage if real secrets are used. The code does not perform input validation on request parameters but functions as intended for verification purposes. The axios request redundantly includes 'secret' both in URL and request body, but only the URL parameter is used. Overall, the code is straightforward, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign implementation of reCAPTCHA verification in Firebase Cloud Functions. The primary security issue is the placeholder for the Firebase admin SDK private key, which should be managed securely via environment variables or secret management. There is no evidence of malware, obfuscation, or malicious network activity. The malware score is 0, and the obfuscated score is 0. The security risk score is moderate (~0.3) due to credential handling concerns that should be addressed before deployment.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}