{
  "purpose": "The code is a Firebase Cloud Function that verifies reCAPTCHA tokens (version 2 or 3) by sending a request to Google's reCAPTCHA verification API. It handles CORS and logs the user's IP address.",
  "sources": "Request query parameters (token, version), request headers (x-forwarded-for, remoteAddress), and configuration variables (functions.config().recaptcha.key, functions.config().recaptcha.keyv2, functions.config().serviceaccount, service account credentials).",
  "sinks": "Axios POST request to Google's reCAPTCHA API endpoint, response handling (sending status 200, 400, 500 with data), and logging functions.",
  "flows": "User sends token and version as query parameters -> server constructs request to Google's reCAPTCHA API using secret key and user IP -> Google's API response is received -> server evaluates success or error codes -> response is sent back to client.",
  "anomalies": "The private key for Firebase admin SDK is hardcoded in code with placeholder text, which suggests insecure handling of credentials. The reCAPTCHA secret keys are fetched from configuration but are not validated for format. The axios request includes 'secret' both in URL query and request body, which is redundant but not necessarily malicious. No malicious code or backdoors are present. No obfuscation, no suspicious network connections outside expected API calls. Logging user IPs is standard but should be cautious about privacy.",
  "analysis": "The code securely initializes Firebase admin with a certificate, albeit with a placeholder private key that is insecure if real credentials are used directly. The main function handles reCAPTCHA verification, which involves sending user tokens to Google's API. The request includes the secret key, response token, and user IP, which is typical for reCAPTCHA validation. No suspicious data leaks or malicious behavior are evident. The hardcoded private key, if real, is a security concern, but it does not indicate malicious intent. The flow from receiving input to sending verification request and returning results is straightforward and standard. No malware or backdoors detected; the only notable anomaly is insecure credential handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements a standard reCAPTCHA verification flow with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. The main concern is the insecure handling of Firebase service account private key, which should be managed securely via environment variables or secure storage. Overall, the code appears benign with a low malware probability and a moderate security risk due to credential management practices.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.4,
  "report_number": 1
}