{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions to parse complex query, projection, and order-by strings into structured objects for further processing or database querying.",
  "sources": "The primary data sources are input strings to parse: stringToParse parameters in parseQuery, parseProjection, and parseOrderBy functions.",
  "sinks": "The parsed objects are returned for use downstream, with no direct data leakage or external data transmission. No sinks directly send data over the network or access sensitive system resources.",
  "flows": "Input strings are matched against a regex to extract tokens, then sequentially processed to build nested query structures, with no execution of code from input. There is no dynamic code execution or external command invocation based on untrusted input.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive string parsing using regex and manual object construction, but it does not include obfuscated code, nor does it execute or evaluate code derived from input strings. The regex and parsing logic appear complex but are solely for structural data transformation. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code's primary function is parsing complex query, projection, and order-by strings into JavaScript objects. The parsing process involves regex matching, string splitting, and nested object manipulations, with careful state management. There is no evidence of dynamic code execution, code injection, or external network activity. The code handles inputs securely by validating input types and structure. No suspicious behavior such as system command execution, data exfiltration, or backdoors is present. The complexity appears to be for flexible query construction, not malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive parser for query and projection strings, with no signs of malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities. It functions as a safe utility module to convert string-based query expressions into structured objects for further use. No malware or security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}