{
  "purpose": "Implementation of a FIFO cache with TTL (time-to-live) for cache entries, managing insertion order and expiration.",
  "sources": [
    "Constructor parameters (_capacity, _ttlMs) for cache size and TTL.",
    "set method where expiration timestamp is calculated and stored.",
    "get method which retrieves and validates expiration.",
    "has, delete, clear methods for cache management."
  ],
  "sinks": [
    "No evident sinks that process untrusted external input.",
    "No network, file system, or environment variable interactions present.",
    "No reflective or dynamic code execution."
  ],
  "flows": [
    "Input parameters to constructor for cache configuration.",
    "set method to insert/update cache entries with expiration timestamps.",
    "get/has methods to validate expiration and retrieve data.",
    "eviction of oldest entries on capacity overflow."
  ],
  "anomalies": [
    "No hardcoded credentials or secrets.",
    "No obfuscated code or unusual language features.",
    "No suspicious or malicious code behavior detected.",
    "No network calls, system modifications, or data exfiltration points."
  ],
  "analysis": "The code implements a FIFO cache with TTL using a JavaScript Map to maintain insertion order. Cache entries store a value and an expiration timestamp, which is validated during get/has operations. Evictions occur based on capacity and expiration. The code strictly manages cache data without external dependencies or system interactions. It lacks any code that could be used maliciously, such as data exfiltration, network communication, or hidden backdoors. The code appears to be a straightforward, well-structured cache implementation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a standard FIFO cache implementation with TTL, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not contain malware or security risks beyond normal cache management concerns.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}