{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for uploading images or files via HTTP requests to specified endpoints, using various input methods such as base64 strings, blobs, local file paths, or URLs.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters: base64 strings, blob data, local file system (fs.createReadStream), and external URLs (via axios.get).",
  "sinks": "The code sends data to external endpoints via axios.post, with headers including API keys and content types. It also performs GET requests for images via axios.get.",
  "flows": "Input data (base64, blob, file stream, or URL stream) flows into form-data payloads which are then POSTed to specified endpoints with API keys included in headers.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. The code correctly handles streaming data and dynamic headers. No unusual or misleading code patterns are observed. It uses standard libraries and methods for file upload operations.",
  "analysis": "The code is a collection of functions for uploading files or images to remote endpoints using HTTP POST requests with form-data, and for fetching images from URLs for upload. Each function appropriately manages streams, headers, and API keys. There is no evidence of malicious behaviors such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or hidden malicious code. The code does not perform any sensitive operations outside of file uploading tasks and makes standard use of libraries such as axios, fs, and form-data. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are detected. Overall, the code appears to be legitimate utility functions for uploading files, with no malicious intent or security risks observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of standard, well-structured upload functions with no signs of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It handles data uploads securely, provided the API keys are managed properly outside this code. The implementation is typical for such utilities and does not contain any malicious or suspicious features.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}