{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for uploading images or files to specified endpoints, supporting multiple methods such as base64, blob, local path, and URL-based uploads.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from parameters provided to each function: base64 strings, blob data, local file paths (fs.createReadStream), and external image URLs (axios.get).",
  "sinks": "The data is sent via axios.post requests to specified URLs with API keys, potentially leading to data exfiltration if the URLs are malicious or controlled by an attacker.",
  "flows": "Input data (base64, blob, file path, image URL) flows into the upload functions, which then transmit this data over the network to external endpoints, including potential image URLs fetched via axios.get, which then get uploaded.",
  "anomalies": "The code relies on user-supplied URLs and API keys without validation or sanitization, potentially allowing malicious or unintended endpoints. The upload_url function fetches images from arbitrary URLs and uploads them elsewhere, which could be used to exfiltrate images or data if misused. The code does not include any security checks or validation for the URLs or input data. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The use of external URLs and API keys makes it susceptible to misuse if the API keys are compromised or if the endpoints are malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as a set of upload utilities, making network requests to user-supplied URLs with provided API keys. There are no obfuscation or malicious code patterns detected. The primary concern is that it allows uploading of arbitrary images or files to specified endpoints, which, if misused, could facilitate data exfiltration or unauthorized uploads. The functions handle user data directly without validation, increasing risk if used maliciously. No malware, backdoors, or malicious behaviors such as covert data transmission, system tampering, or reverse shells are evident. The code appears to be standard utility functions, with no signs of obfuscation or malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of utility functions for uploading files or images to specified endpoints with provided API keys. While functional and potentially risky if misused, there are no signs of malicious behavior or malware. Its primary security concern is the lack of validation of input URLs and API keys, which could be exploited for misuse, but it does not contain malicious code itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 4
}