{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define a JavaScript class for SVG path morphing animations, using the GSAP animation library. Its main purpose is to animate SVG elements with customizable parameters such as delay, duration, and easing.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the DOM via document.querySelector and querySelectorAll, and from its constructor parameters. It accesses environment via typeof checks for exports, define, and globalThis.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows are limited; no external network calls, no sensitive data leaks, no system modifications detected. The code manipulates DOM elements and GSAP animations.",
  "flows": "Data flows from DOM element selections and constructor parameters into GSAP animations and SVG attribute modifications. There are no external data sinks such as network requests or file writes.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains heavily minified, obfuscated patterns with complex private field management, which complicates understanding. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are apparent. The dynamic use of private fields and class methods is complex but aligns with animation control logic.",
  "analysis": "Step-by-step, the code defines a class with private fields and static registration methods. It initializes SVG path elements for morphing animations using GSAP timelines, with configurable parameters. Private fields are used for internal state management. The code performs DOM manipulations, initializes animation timelines, and toggles animation states. No network activity, credential handling, or system modifications are observed. The obfuscated style results from minification, but the code structure is consistent with a legitimate SVG morphing utility. No malicious or suspicious behaviors are detected based on the content.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a minified SVG morphing animation utility utilizing GSAP, with no evident malicious intent. Its obfuscation stems from minification rather than malicious obfuscation techniques. There are no signs of malware or malicious data handling. The security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}