{
  "purpose": "The code is a JavaScript library for visualizing Neo4j graph data using D3.js, with functions for rendering nodes, relationships, tooltips, and interactions.",
  "sources": "Reads data from options.neo4jData, options.neo4jDataUrl, and user interactions (e.g., mouse events, drag events). It also reads properties of nodes and relationships, as well as window/document properties for positioning.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM elements for tooltip and info panels, uses d3.json to fetch data, and updates visualization components based on data. No direct data leak sinks or network transmission of data outside controlled fetch are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external sources via d3.json (if specified), or options.neo4jData, into internal data structures, then through update functions to rendering, with interaction events updating info panels and tooltips. No evidence of data exfiltration or malicious control flow.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns observed. The code includes extensive visualization logic, but no hidden network activity, obfuscated code, or malicious behaviors are detected. Use of console.log for debugging is present but not malicious. No code injection or unsafe eval calls are present.",
  "analysis": "The script is a visualization library for Neo4j data, handling data loading, processing, and rendering via D3.js. It reads configuration options, fetches external data if specified, and updates the visualization accordingly. The code manages user interactions, tooltips, and node/relationship rendering with no signs of malicious activity. All data flows are controlled, and there are no hidden network transmissions or system modifications. The code is structured, readable, and focuses solely on visualization logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate visualization library with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It responsibly handles data input, DOM manipulation, and user interactions without any suspicious or harmful activity. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}