{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to create and visualize a graph structure from Neo4j data using D3.js, including features such as tooltips, node and relationship rendering, and zoom/pan functionality.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from provided Neo4j data objects, URLs (via d3.json), and user interactions such as mouse events and drag events.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data can influence tooltip content, node/relationship labels, properties, and images; event handlers can execute functions passed via options, potentially leading to execution of malicious code if user-supplied functions are injected.",
  "flows": "Data from external Neo4j data sources or URLs (sources) is processed and integrated into the internal data structures; user interactions (mouse events) trigger info panel updates and tooltips; rendering functions draw nodes/relationships; event handlers may execute user-defined callbacks.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically loads images and icons based on node properties and labels, which could potentially reference malicious URLs if not properly validated. The 'tooltipFunction' is invoked asynchronously with user-provided functions, which could execute malicious code if the function is compromised. There is no explicit validation or sanitization of external data or user inputs, posing potential security risks. The code contains a significant amount of dynamic JavaScript execution via functions like 'd3.json' and user-provided callbacks. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The large library of FontAwesome icons is used for visual purposes only. The code appears obfuscated in parts due to minification or minified-like style but not intentionally malicious obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on graph visualization with D3.js, loading data from external sources, and user interactions. It uses external data loading via d3.json, which could be exploited if malicious data is served or if URLs are compromised. User-provided callback functions such as 'tooltipFunction' and other event handlers are invoked without validation, creating potential for malicious code execution if those functions are maliciously supplied. The image and icon mapping functions reference external or user-defined data, which could reference malicious URLs. There is no evidence of hidden backdoors or malicious data exfiltration mechanisms. The code does not send data over the network, connect to suspicious domains, or execute system commands. The structure is typical for a D3.js visualization library, with no signs of malware or sabotage embedded intentionally. Overall, the code seems to be a visualization tool with typical features, but the reliance on external and user-supplied functions introduces potential attack vectors if those inputs are compromised.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a D3.js-based graph visualization library for Neo4j data with typical features. There are no explicit signs of malicious behavior or sabotage within the code itself. However, due to the use of external data sources, dynamic function execution, and the invocation of user-supplied callback functions without validation, there exists a possibility of malicious behavior if those inputs are compromised. Overall, the risk level is low to moderate depending on data integrity and input validation practices.",
  "confidence": 0.75,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 5
}