{
  "purpose": "This code implements a client library for authentication and API interaction with the Agena AI platform, including token management, data handling, and calculation orchestration.",
  "sources": "Configuration objects (config), environment variables (not explicitly used here), and function parameters such as auth credentials and API endpoints.",
  "sinks": "fetch requests for token and API communication, logging functions that output to console, and dynamic data processing functions that handle input/output data.",
  "flows": "Authentication credentials are used in sendRequest to obtain tokens; tokens are stored and used for API requests; data from CSV parsing flows into dataset creation; calculation requests and polling manage data flow between client and server.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials found; no suspicious domain or IP addresses; no hidden code or backdoors; use of random number generator (randBetween) appears benign; logging is standard. No obfuscated code present. Logging debug info could reveal sensitive info if enabled but is controlled via config. No evident data leakage or malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily manages authentication via OAuth2, with token refresh logic, and performs API requests with configurable headers and debug options. It provides data parsing from CSV for dataset creation and orchestrates calculations with polling, with batch processing support. The code adheres to typical patterns for such libraries, with no suspicious behaviors like data exfiltration, system modification, or malicious network communication. The use of fetch for network requests and console logging are standard. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are visible. The random number generator is used for internal purposes, not for security. No obfuscated code or malicious code patterns detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard API client library focused on secure authentication, data handling, and API interactions with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It maintains good practices for token management and data processing, with configurable debugging and logging. No malicious or maliciously suspicious behavior observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}