{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to manage authentication, send HTTP requests to a specified API, process CSV data, and perform batch calculations using a remote API service.",
  "sources": "Input data includes user credentials (auth.username, auth.password), configuration objects (initConfig), and CSV data strings or arrays. External inputs also come from API responses and polling mechanisms.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data flows into fetch requests, particularly in sendRequest functions where URLs, headers, and bodies are constructed dynamically. Additionally, response data may be processed or logged, and potentially sensitive tokens are stored in memory.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user input or configuration into authentication tokens, then into API request headers and bodies. Responses from API are parsed, and data may be used to trigger further requests or logged for debugging. CSV data is parsed into structured datasets for calculations.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no obfuscated or intentionally malicious constructs. No hardcoded secrets (except placeholders for username/password), backdoors, or suspicious external connections are evident. The code uses standard libraries and patterns. Some debug logs could leak sensitive info in a production environment if enabled.",
  "analysis": "Step 1: Authentication functions handle tokens and refresh logic with standard fetch requests, no suspicious behavior. Step 2: API request functions dynamically construct headers, URLs, and bodies; logs are used for debugging, but no evidence of data exfiltration or malicious endpoints. Step 3: CSV reading functions parse data into datasets, with no hidden commands or malicious payloads. Step 4: Batch calculation manages multiple asynchronous requests with polling; all network interactions are directed to specified API URLs. No obfuscated code, code injection, or suspicious external domains detected. Step 5: The overall code appears to perform legitimate tasks related to API interaction and data processing, with no signs of malware or sabotage. Some debug logs may expose sensitive data if used improperly, but this is configurable.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of an API client with authentication, data processing, and batch task management. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage signs. It could potentially leak sensitive tokens or data if debug logging is left enabled in production, but no deliberate malicious activity is evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}