{
  "purpose": "The code is designed as a JavaScript library for interacting with the Agena Risk API, providing functionalities for authentication, making API requests, processing CSV data, and managing calculation jobs in a security-conscious manner.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from CSV strings or arrays, fetch responses from API endpoints, environment variables (implied by config), and user-provided configuration objects.",
  "sinks": "Sends HTTP requests to authentication and API endpoints, logs data to console, and potentially outputs calculation results or error messages. Sensitive data such as tokens are stored in memory.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from CSV parsing or function parameters into API request bodies; tokens flow from authentication responses into headers; responses are processed and returned; logs are generated throughout the process.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded secrets; however, it does include an empty username and password in the default configuration. Logging is extensive but only to console, with no evidence of malicious data exfiltration. No obfuscated or minified code present; dynamic code execution is absent.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard API interaction functions including OAuth2 token management, HTTP requests with fetch, CSV parsing, and batch job management. Authentication uses OAuth2 protocol with token refresh logic. It handles API responses carefully, including error cases, and logs activities based on debug levels. No suspicious code patterns, no hidden or malicious behaviors, such as data exfiltration, system modification, or reverse shell activities, are detected. The only minor concern is that default credentials are empty, but this is typical for configurable SDKs. No indicators of supply chain attacks or malware payloads are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, security-aware SDK for API interactions with proper token handling, logging, and data processing. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware signatures are detected. The code appears safe and well-structured, with appropriate safeguards and no suspicious anomalies.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}