{
  "purpose": "The code implements a mock server for managing resources, prompts, tools, and communication with clients, including resource subscriptions, logging, and tool invocation functionalities.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include request parameters (e.g., request.params, request.params.uri, request.params.name, request.params.arguments), environment variables (process.env), and internal functions generating resources and messages.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are server.notification (for resource updates and messages), server.request (for sampling), and console/log outputs. Resource data is returned directly in responses. No evidence of data leaks or malicious data flows.",
  "flows": "Inputs (request params, environment variables) are processed through validation schemas and then used in server responses or notifications. For example, resource IDs from request params flow into resource retrieval, and sampling requests are sent based on prompts.",
  "anomalies": "The server periodically emits log messages at different levels and simulates resource data, but all these appear to be for testing/demo purposes. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. The code maintains predictable behavior without hidden or suspicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a mock server with various request handlers for resource management, prompts, tool execution, and logging. It uses schemas for validation and simulates resource data and sampling. The server dynamically sends notifications for resource updates and log messages, which is standard for a demo server. There are no obfuscated code segments, hidden network connections, or suspicious data handling. All functionalities seem to serve a testing or demonstration purpose with normal patterns.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a straightforward mock server implementation designed for testing or demonstration. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious data flows are evident. It does not contain malware or security risks. The code is well-structured, with predictable logic, and does not exhibit obfuscation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}