{
  "purpose": "The code implements a mock server setup for resource management, prompts, tools, and communication with clients, primarily for testing or demonstration purposes in a JavaScript environment.",
  "sources": "Reading input data from request parameters, environment variables, and internally generated data (e.g., resource list, log messages). It also reads schema definitions and code constants.",
  "sinks": "Sending notifications and responses via server.request, server.notification, and internal loops. Returning resource contents, generating responses based on request arguments, and executing delays for long-running operations.",
  "flows": "Input schemas (request params) -> validation and processing -> generating responses or notifications. For example, subscription requests add resources to a set; tool execution flows include validation, mock processing, and optional notifications. The server periodically sends notifications and logs.",
  "anomalies": "Presence of an embedded base64 image data URI assigned to MCP_TINY_IMAGE. Use of setInterval without clear cleanup on server shutdown could cause resource leaks. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are observed. No suspicious external network activity or file manipulation. The code is heavily focused on mock data generation and response handling. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or suspicious code constructs detected.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a mock server with multiple request handlers for resource listing, resource reading, prompt management, tool invocation, and subscription handling. It performs scheduled notifications and logging. Input data validation is done via schemas; responses are largely static or mock data. The MCP_TINY_IMAGE is a base64 PNG image embedded as a string, used in responses. No dynamic or insecure data handling, external network activity, or credential usage is detected. The code structure appears typical for a test server, with no obfuscated or malicious patterns. The only notable element is the embedded image data, which is benign.\n\nOverall, the code is a controlled mock setup designed for testing or demonstration, with no malicious behavior, backdoors, or security risks detected.\n",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a mock server implementation for resource management and tool invocation in a test environment. It performs scheduled notifications and handles requests with static or generated data. No signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security threats are present. The embedded image data is benign. The code appears safe for its intended testing purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}