{
  "purpose": "This code sets up a mock server with various handlers for resource management, prompts, tools, and communication, likely for testing or demonstration purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables, incoming request parameters, and resource data (e.g., resource IDs, prompt arguments, environment variables). It also requests sampling from clients and handles subscription management.",
  "sinks": "Potentially writes to environment variables (process.env), sends notifications, and generates responses based on input data. It also performs network requests for sampling and notifications.",
  "flows": "Input parameters such as request.params and arguments flow into validation, resource lookup, and response generation. Environment variables and request arguments flow into responses and notifications. Sampling requests flow from server to client, and resource subscriptions trigger notifications.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. The code contains a large base64-encoded image, but this appears to be benign embedded data. There is no evidence of code injection, reverse shells, or data exfiltration. The sampling request to the client includes resource context, which is standard for resource-aware prompts. The periodic notification and log message generation are benign simulation behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a mock server for resource and prompt management, with handlers for listing, reading, subscribing, and requesting prompts/tools. It performs environment variable output, resource data handling, and messaging, all within a controlled test setup. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are present. The resource data is simulated static resources, and sampling requests are internal function calls, not external malicious requests. Logging and notification intervals are for simulation/testing. The embedded base64 image is static data, not suspicious. No hardcoded secrets, network leaks, or malicious actions are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a controlled test server implementation, with no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It functions as a simulation/mock server for resource management, prompts, and tools, with benign periodic notifications and logging. No anomalies or malicious behaviors are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}