{
  "purpose": "The code sets up a mock server with various resource, prompt, tool, and request handlers for testing purposes, including resource listing, subscription management, prompt handling, and tool execution.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from request.params, request.body, and internal variables such as ALL_RESOURCES and messages.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks through server.notification and server.request calls; environment variables accessed via process.env; resource data included in responses; user inputs parsed and used for control flow.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input from request.params and request.body influences resource selection, prompt responses, and tool execution. Data flows from inputs to server notifications, responses, and internal processing.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code behaviors are evident. Resource data is static; resource IDs are in predictable range. The MCP_TINY_IMAGE is a base64-encoded image included directly as a string. No code injection, reverse shells, or data exfiltration routines are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code establishes a server with handlers for resource listing, reading, subscriptions, prompts, tools, and completions. It generates static resources and simulates sampling and long-running tasks. The server periodically sends log and resource update notifications. The handling of inputs from request params and arguments appears controlled and sanitized by schema parsing. The image data is a base64 string embedded directly, with no dynamic execution or obfuscation. There are no signs of malicious activity such as network exfiltration, reverse shells, or data theft. The server provides helpful functions for testing and demonstration, with safe resource and prompt management.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard mock server implementation designed for testing and demonstration. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or significant security risks. The code is well-structured, with proper input validation and no suspicious signals.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}