{
  "purpose": "The code sets up a mock server to handle various resource, prompt, tool, and request interactions, simulating resource management, messaging, and tool execution for testing purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from request parameters, URL paths, and internal data structures like resource arrays and schema validation. External inputs include request parameters for resources, prompts, and arguments.",
  "sinks": "Data flows into server request handlers, notifications, resource access, and responses. Potentially untrusted data can reach notification methods, request arguments, and resource content delivery.",
  "flows": "Input from request parameters and URL paths is validated or parsed, then used to generate responses, trigger notifications, or access resources. Data from arguments is processed through schemas and used to produce outputs or trigger actions like notifications.",
  "anomalies": "Code includes long-running loops with artificial delays, extensive resource and prompt handling, and dynamic content generation. No obvious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are detected. No suspicious network connections or data exfiltration are present.",
  "analysis": "The server code primarily implements a mock setup for resource listing, retrieval, subscriptions, prompt handling, and tool invocation. It contains intervals for periodic notifications and logging, but these are for simulation/testing. Input validation is performed via schemas. The code does not perform any network connections outside the server context or access sensitive data; no code injections or obfuscated patterns are present. The resource and prompt data are static and generated internally. The code processes and returns data accordingly, with no indications of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a controlled, simulation-based server implementation used for testing or demonstration, with no signs of malicious activity or sabotage. It does not include backdoors, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads. All data flows are within the server's scope, and no suspicious external network activity is observed.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}