{
  "purpose": "The code processes telecommunication prefix and station data files to generate and save structured JSON and text files representing country prefixes, stations, and prefix lists. It also compresses prefixes into ranges for efficient representation.",
  "sources": "Reads from files: 'country-prefixes.txt', 'country-stations.txt', 'prefix-list.txt'. Processes these inputs through parsing and transforming functions.",
  "sinks": "Writes output to files: 'country-prefixes.json', 'country-stations.json', 'prefix-list.json', 'prefixes.json', 'prefixes.txt'. No network or sensitive data transmission occurs.",
  "flows": "Input files are read, parsed, and processed via multiple functions, then the processed data is written to output files. No untrusted data is used in sensitive operations like network requests or system commands.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors. The prefix compression and parsing logic appear standard for data processing. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or suspicious variable names are present. No malicious behavior detected.",
  "analysis": "The script reads multiple structured data files, parses and filters the data, and then generates JSON and text files with processed country, station, and prefix information. The functions involve standard data transformations, such as splitting, filtering, sorting, and merging data. No network connections, system commands, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The code does not contain obfuscation, hidden backdoors, or malicious payloads. All operations appear to be legitimate data processing tasks consistent with telecommunication data management.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate data processing script with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles telecom prefix and station data responsibly, with no suspicious network activity or security risks. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}