{
  "purpose": "This code processes telecommunication prefix and station data from text files, performs data transformation, and writes JSON and text output files related to country prefixes, stations, and prefix lists.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from files: 'country-prefixes.txt', 'country-stations.txt', 'prefix-list.txt', and other files. Parses data from these files into data structures.",
  "sinks": "Writes output files: 'country-prefixes.json', 'country-stations.json', 'prefix-list.json', 'prefixes.json', and 'prefixes.txt'. No network or sensitive data output.",
  "flows": "Reads from input files -> processes and refines data structures (e.g., prefix compression, list refinement) -> writes processed data to output files.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or unusual behaviors. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or external calls beyond file I/O. Functions like compressPrefixes and refinePrefixList perform complex data transformations but do not contain malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code reads multiple data files related to country prefixes and stations, filters and refines prefix lists, compresses prefix sequences, and maps station prefixes to country prefixes. It performs data transformations without involving external network calls, user input, or execution of external code. The functions are structured for data processing only. No obfuscated code or suspicious patterns are present. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious intent. The code appears to be part of a data processing pipeline for telecommunication data, with no malicious activity detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate data processing script for telecommunication prefix and station information, with no indications of malicious behavior or supply chain security issues. It performs complex data manipulations securely and without suspicious activities.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}