{
  "purpose": "This code defines a PostCSS plugin for transforming CSS units, specifically converting 'px' to 'vw' based on viewport width. It also provides utility functions for matching property lists and handling CSS rules.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from CSS source files during processing, accessing rule selectors, declaration values, and comments within CSS files. It also imports external modules such as 'postcss'.",
  "sinks": "Potentially dangerous sinks include the manipulation and replacement of CSS declaration values, which could be exploited if untrusted input influences CSS or if the plugin is misused to inject malicious styles.",
  "flows": "Input CSS rules and declarations are read; based on configuration, declarations may be replaced or duplicated with transformed values; CSS rules and media queries may be dynamically created and appended. Comments are checked to control processing.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses standard CSS processing functions with no evidence of obfuscated or malicious code. No hardcoded credentials, suspicious domain connections, or covert data exfiltration mechanisms are present. The functions are typical utility functions for CSS processing.",
  "analysis": "The script imports 'postcss' and defines a plugin that converts pixel units to viewport units, with options for customization. It filters CSS rules based on filename patterns and selector blacklists. It respects comments that indicate to ignore conversions. No external network calls, system commands, or suspicious code are present. The structure and logic are consistent with a typical CSS unit converter plugin. There is no indication of malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The only operations are CSS rule parsing, filtering, and transformation, which are safe within this context.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard PostCSS plugin for converting CSS units from px to vw, with configurable options and filtering. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious external activities. Its purpose is to process CSS files safely. No signs of obfuscation or malware are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}