{
  "purpose": "This code implements Pearson's Chi-squared test for independence and related statistical measures, such as Cramer's V, to analyze contingency tables. It appears designed for statistical analysis of categorical data.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the 'contingencyArray' parameter provided to the exported function, which is then processed through various methods to compute statistical measures.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks such as network requests, file system writes, or system calls. No data is transmitted or stored externally within this code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the input parameter 'contingencyArray' through methods that calculate sums, expected frequencies, and statistical measures. The main flow involves setting the contingency data, computing sums, expected values, and then performing the chi-squared test, culminating in returning the statistical results.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes standard statistical computations with no signs of obfuscation or malicious constructs. All operations are straightforward mathematical calculations. No hardcoded secrets or unusual code patterns are present. The use of 'chi-squared-test' module relies on external, open-source library, which is common in statistical analysis.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class 'PCSTFI' for performing Pearson's Chi-squared tests, including methods for calculating row sums, column sums, total count, expected frequencies, degrees of freedom, and statistical measures like Cramer's V and p-value. It operates solely on input data, with no external data access or system interactions. The module exports a function that processes a given contingency table and returns the computed statistical analysis as JSON. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, system compromise, or covert backdoors. The code appears to be legitimate statistical analysis code intended for data evaluation.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a straightforward implementation of statistical methods for analyzing contingency tables, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It relies on an external library for chi-squared testing, which is common. Overall, the code appears safe, with no suspicious activity or malware detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}