{
  "purpose": "This code implements statistical analysis functions for the Pearson's Chi-squared test for independence, encapsulated within a constructor function and exported as a module for use with contingency tables.",
  "sources": "The code reads the input contingency array passed to the exported function. It also requires an external 'chi-squared-test' module at the beginning.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write or send data externally. It only processes the input data internally and returns a JSON-serialized object with statistical measures.",
  "flows": "Input contingencyArray is processed through methods that compute sums, expected frequencies, and statistical tests. The main flow is: input -> setDF, setRowSums, setColSums, setSampleTotal, setExpArray, setPCST, setCramersV -> output JSON object.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors are present. The code uses standard statistical formulas and a straightforward approach. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network activity are detected. No use of eval, dynamic code execution, or obfuscated code. The external dependency 'chi-squared-test' is assumed to be a legitimate package, but its contents are not visible here.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a class-like constructor 'PCSTFI' for performing chi-squared tests. It calculates degrees of freedom, row and column sums, total, expected frequencies, and statistical measures such as Cramer's V and p-value. The methods perform standard statistical calculations on the provided contingency table. There is no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks in the implementation. The module simply performs mathematical analysis and exports results as JSON. The external dependency 'chi-squared-test' is used for the final p-value calculation, but its source is not available in this code.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate implementation of chi-squared test calculations with no malicious intent or security issues detected. It processes input data securely and outputs statistical results without any suspicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}