{
  "purpose": "The code provides a JavaScript implementation for generating QR codes, including encoding data, constructing QR matrix patterns, applying error correction, and rendering the QR code onto a canvas.",
  "sources": "Input data to generateFrame() and buildCanvas() functions, which read user-supplied 'data' parameter. Also, configuration options such as 'mode', 'eccLevel', 'version', and 'mask'.",
  "sinks": "None identified. No data is sent over the network, written to system files, or used in a way that indicates malicious activity. The code primarily generates QR codes locally.",
  "flows": "User supplies 'data' to generateFrame() which encodes and constructs a QR code matrix, then buildCanvas() renders the matrix into a drawable format. No external data flow or network activity occurs.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behavior detected. The code is standard for QR code generation, with no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors. The GF256 map and polynomial calculations are typical for error correction.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard QR code generation: data validation (numeric, alphanumeric, octet), encoding data into code words, calculating error correction codes via Reed-Solomon algorithms, and constructing the QR matrix with patterns and masks. All operations are consistent with QR standards and do not involve external network calls, file operations, or hidden code segments. No obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or suspicious API usage was observed. The only potentially sensitive aspect is data handling, which is limited to encoding and visualization, with no malicious data leaks or external communications.",
  "conclusion": "The provided JavaScript code is a standard implementation of a QR code generator without any malicious intent. It strictly adheres to QR standards and performs no suspicious or harmful operations. The code is safe for use in generating QR codes locally.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}