{
  "purpose": "Analysis of JavaScript dependency code for malicious behavior or security risks, focusing on supply chain threats, obfuscation, and suspicious activities.",
  "sources": "Code snippets, network calls, dynamic code execution (eval, Function), environment variables, external URLs, obfuscated variables.",
  "sinks": "Network requests, eval/Function calls, environment variables, data flows to external servers, potential data leaks.",
  "flows": "Sources such as environment variables or network inputs leading to sinks like eval, network requests, or data exfiltration points.",
  "anomalies": "Heavy obfuscation without clear malicious payloads, dynamic code execution, suspicious URLs, hardcoded or obfuscated strings, misleading variable names.",
  "analysis": "The code exhibits typical signs of obfuscation and dynamic execution, which can hide malicious intent. Report 2 shows dynamic eval and suspicious network activity, justifying high malware and obfuscation scores. Reports 1, 3, and 5 are benign with no suspicious patterns, reflected in low scores. Report 4's obfuscation raises concern but lacks direct malicious activity, warranting moderate suspicion. Overall, the scores align with the described behaviors, with the highest risk associated with Report 2 due to dynamic code and network activity. The obfuscation in Report 4 is notable but not definitive of malicious intent. The benign reports are consistent with their low scores.",
  "conclusion": "The assessment accurately reflects the behaviors observed. Report 2 indicates significant malicious indicators, justifying a malware score of 0.6. Other reports are benign or mildly suspicious, with low malware scores. Obfuscation scores correspond to the level of code concealment. Overall security risk remains moderate (~0.35), primarily due to obfuscation and network activity in some snippets. No adjustments are necessary; the scores are justified based on the provided code descriptions.",
  "confidence": 0.85,
  "obfuscated": 0.75,
  "malware": 0.6,
  "securityRisk": 0.35,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}