{
  "purpose": "This code implements a heatmap visualization using HTML5 Canvas, with integration into the Leaflet.js mapping library. It allows setting data points, customizing appearance, and rendering animated heatmaps on map layers.",
  "sources": "Reads input data via methods like data() and addLatLng(), accesses DOM elements for canvas creation, and retrieves map size and zoom information from Leaflet's map object.",
  "sinks": "Draws visual data onto Canvas; no data sinks involved beyond rendering visuals. No network or system modification actions detected.",
  "flows": "Data is fed through data() and addLatLng() methods, which modify internal data arrays. These data points are processed during _redraw() to generate heatmap visuals on the canvas, which is then rendered onto the DOM overlay layer.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network activity observed. The code uses standard Canvas and Leaflet APIs. ShadowBlur settings are fixed, and no obfuscated or dynamically evaluated code is present. The shadowOffsetX value set to 200 appears unusually large but is part of the rendering effect, not inherently malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a heatmap class utilizing HTML5 Canvas to visualize data points on a map layer, with methods for setting data, rendering, and animation. It interacts solely with client-side APIs, uses standard JavaScript constructs, and does not contain obfuscation or hidden code. No signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network communication to suspicious domains, or malicious system modifications are present. The only noteworthy aspect is the fixed shadowOffsetX of 200, which could cause rendering artifacts but is benign. Overall, the implementation appears to be a standard visualization tool with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate heatmap visualization module leveraging Canvas and Leaflet.js. It contains no malicious behavior or supply chain threats. Its purpose is visual data rendering on maps, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}