{
  "purpose": "The code implements a heatmap visualization library with functions to initialize, draw, and manage heatmaps on a canvas element, integrating with Leaflet.js for map-based visualizations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from the '_data' array, input parameters such as element IDs or DOM elements, and map state information during interactions.",
  "sinks": "The code writes to the canvas context for rendering heatmaps, potentially exposing visual data. No direct data exfiltration or external network connections are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters and internal data arrays through drawing functions that process spatial data and render onto the canvas. No external or untrusted data flows to sensitive operations are detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains minimal obfuscated or unusual code patterns; the use of dynamic canvas creation, and context usage appears standard. Shadow offsets and gradient manipulations are normal for visual effects. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. Shadow offset set to a large value (200) is unusual but consistent with visual effects, not malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a heatmap rendering library with functions to initialize a canvas, set data, draw heatmaps, and manage map interactions. It leverages the 'simpleheat' utility for rendering, with methods to adjust radius, gradient, and data points. It interacts with the DOM and map elements in a standard way, using typical methods such as 'getContext', 'createElement', and map event listeners. No network calls, credential handling, or sensitive data operations are observed. The code appears designed solely for visual data rendering and interaction, with no malicious or sabotage behavior evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a heatmap visualization library integrated with Leaflet.js. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It appears to be well-structured, with no anomalies suggesting sabotage or malware. The overall security risk score is very low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}