{
  "purpose": "This code defines a set of procedural Signed Distance Functions (SDFs) for generating 3D geometric shapes and performing boolean operations on them, likely for use in 3D modeling or rendering.",
  "sources": "The code reads data mainly from function parameters, object properties, and internal calculations of densities and bounds. It does not appear to read untrusted external input sources such as user input, network data, or environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include mathematical operations and property accesses that could be manipulated if maliciously altered, but no explicit external data outputs or network connections are present. No system commands, file system access, or network activity is evident.",
  "flows": "The primary data flow involves density computations from shape parameters propagating through boolean operations and transformations to produce mesh data. No external data or commands are passed to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code is a comprehensive library of geometric primitives and operations with clear purpose. It contains complex utility functions and math routines but no suspicious or obfuscated patterns. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden behaviors are detected. It does not perform any dynamic code execution, network access, or system modifications. The extensive use of math and object property manipulations appears to be standard for such geometric libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code is well-structured, defining multiple classes representing geometric primitives (Sphere, Box, Cone, Torus, etc.) and operations (Union, Subtraction, Intersection, Smooth variants, Transform). It uses mathematical functions for shape creation and boolean combination, consistent with 3D modeling libraries. The code does not include any external data sources, network calls, or system interactions. No obfuscation techniques or malicious code patterns are present. The initial part defines utility functions and polyfills for Math.hypot, which are standard. The core classes implement density functions and bounds calculations for 3D shapes. The only potentially concerning aspect is the presence of complex math routines, but these are typical for geometric computations. No evidence of malware such as data exfiltration, system modification, or sabotage is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate library for procedural shape generation and boolean operations on Signed Distance Functions. It does not contain malicious behavior, suspicious anomalies, or external communication. The implementation is consistent with standard practices for 3D shape modeling, with no indications of malware or sabotage.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}