{
  "purpose": "The code defines various 3D signed distance functions (SDFs) and utility functions for 3D geometry and procedural shape generation, intended for use in 3D modeling, rendering, or procedural content creation.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from internal functions such as 'density' methods of SDF classes and external inputs through functions like 'get' in generateGrid. It does not read external untrusted inputs or environment variables directly.",
  "sinks": "The code does not explicitly perform data leakage, network requests, or system modifications. It mainly computes geometric data and returns mesh information. No insecure system calls or external data transmissions are present.",
  "flows": "The data flows from internal density computations to mesh generation and normal calculations. No external sources feed into these computations; the flow is entirely contained within the shape and geometry functions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code behaviors are detected. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or code that could perform malicious actions. The code appears to be a standard implementation of procedural 3D shape functions, with no obfuscated or misleading code patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code defines numerous classes representing various 3D shapes with their density functions for use in signed distance field operations. Utility functions facilitate vector and matrix operations, and the mesh generation process involves standard algorithms for isosurface extraction. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as network communication, system modification, or hidden backdoors. The code is structured, commented, and uses common mathematical approaches for 3D geometry. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard library for 3D procedural shape generation using SDFs. It does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. It is safe for use from a security perspective. The confidence score is high due to the straightforward nature of the implementation and absence of suspicious signals.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}