{
  "purpose": "The code defines various Signed Distance Functions (SDF) for 3D geometric shapes and operations for procedural 3D modeling or rendering.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily through density functions, bounds, and parameters for geometric shapes; it also accesses potentially user-defined data via getUserData methods.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted input, data exfiltration, or network activity are present. No code writes to external systems or sensitive data. No eval or dynamic code execution observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from shape parameters and density functions into mesh generation and transformations. There is no evidence of malicious source-to-sink data flows, nor external network or system calls.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a comprehensive library of 3D shape representations and boolean operations with no unusual or suspicious code constructs. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or privacy-violating code is present. No obfuscation or minification that could hide malicious intent. The code is standard for geometric computations.",
  "analysis": "The code implements multiple 3D geometric primitives and transformations using mathematical functions and arrays. It includes utility functions for vector and matrix math, shape classes with density functions, and CSG operations like union, intersection, subtraction, and smooth variants. There is no network activity, no external data manipulation, no dynamic code evaluation, and no signs of malware or sabotage. The only data handling involves internal computations related to shape modeling. The use of performance.now() for timing is standard for debugging or profiling, not malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a standard, well-structured 3D SDF library with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a geometric and procedural modeling library for 3D shapes, with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It contains no external data exfiltration, network communication, backdoors, or harmful system modifications. It is safe based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}