{
  "purpose": "The code provides a set of functions for verifying faces using different methods (images, URLs, blobs, base64), primarily for biometric verification via an external API.",
  "sources": "The code reads image files from local filesystem (fs.createReadStream, fs.statSync) and fetches images from URLs (axios.get). It also accepts input parameters such as image paths, URLs, and API keys.",
  "sinks": "Data is sent via HTTP POST requests using axios to external verification endpoints, with API keys included in headers. It processes images in streams or base64 format, then transmits them to an external server.",
  "flows": "Input data (local files or URLs) is collected and processed into form-data or JSON objects, then transmitted over HTTP POST requests to the verification API endpoints.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to perform standard image uploading and verification via an external API. There are no signs of hidden backdoors, data exfiltration, or suspicious network activity within this snippet. However, it relies on external API endpoints and API keys, which could be a security concern if misused, but this is typical for such functionality. No hardcoded credentials are found, and no obfuscated or malicious code is present.",
  "analysis": "The code utilizes axios for network requests, fs for filesystem access, and FormData for creating multipart/form-data requests. It provides various methods for verifying faces using local images, image URLs, blobs, and base64 strings, all by posting data to an external API endpoint specified by the 'url' parameter. The logic is straightforward, with no suspicious patterns, malicious code, or backdoors. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious data leaks are evident. The code's structure suggests legitimate use for biometric verification. Since all network activity depends on provided parameters, malicious behavior would depend on external API endpoint misuse, but this cannot be inferred from this code alone.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate utility for facial verification via external API, with no indicators of malicious intent or malware. It performs expected input handling and network requests securely, with no hardcoded secrets or suspicious behaviors. Risks depend on external endpoints and API key management outside this code, but no internal malicious activity is present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}