{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to verify faces from images or image URLs using an external API, supporting various input formats including files, URLs, blobs, and base64 data.",
  "sources": "Reads image files via 'fs.createReadStream', fetches images from URLs via axios.get, and accepts image blobs and base64 strings as input parameters.",
  "sinks": "Sends data via HTTP POST requests to specified 'url' with 'axios.post', including API keys in headers, and streams or base64 data in the request body.",
  "flows": "Sources (file streams, HTTP GET responses, base64 strings) are combined into FormData objects and sent via HTTP POST requests to external API endpoints, with API keys included in headers.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors. The code uses standard libraries for HTTP requests and file handling. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution observed. No unusual behavior or privacy violations detected.",
  "analysis": "The code facilitates face verification by constructing multipart/form-data requests with images obtained from files, URLs, or blobs. It handles stream responses and constructs requests accordingly. The use of axios for HTTP communication and fs for file access is standard. API keys are passed as parameters, not hardcoded, reducing risk of credential leakage. No signs of malicious data exfiltration, code injection, or covert communication are present. No obfuscation or malware-like behavior is identified. The code performs typical data handling for facial verification processes.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation for face verification using external API endpoints. It properly handles various input formats and communicates securely with provided API keys. There are no indicators of malicious intent, sabotage, or malware. The overall security risk is minimal, with no critical vulnerabilities detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}