{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to perform face verification requests using various input formats such as images from files, URLs, blobs, or base64 strings, and sends these data to a specified API endpoint for verification.",
  "sources": "File system reads (fs.createReadStream, fs.statSync), HTTP GET requests for images, and data passed as function parameters (image URLs, blobs, base64 strings).",
  "sinks": "HTTP POST requests to external API endpoint with API key in headers, transmitting image data (files, streams, or base64).",
  "flows": "Data is read from filesystem or fetched from URLs, then appended to FormData objects, which are sent via axios.post to an external API endpoint with an API key in headers.",
  "anomalies": "Code appears standard for image upload and verification. No obfuscated code, hidden backdoors, or suspicious data flows observed. The API key is passed as parameter, which is normal, but should be protected; no hardcoded credentials present.",
  "analysis": "The code functions as an interface to send images in various formats to an external face verification API, handling streams, blobs, URLs, and base64 data. The code uses well-known libraries (axios, fs, form-data) appropriately. No signs of malicious code, data leaks, or backdoors. No suspicious behavior such as network connections to untrusted domains, data exfiltration, or malicious actions are evident. The API key is transmitted in headers, which is typical but should be protected; no hardcoded secrets are present. The code includes multiple methods to handle different input formats, all focusing on preparing form-data and making HTTP requests. Overall, the code appears legitimate, intended for a face verification SDK or client library, with no malware or malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation for sending face images to an external verification API. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or malicious data flows are evident. It uses common libraries and practices. While API key handling should be secured, no hardcoded secrets or suspicious network activity are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}