{
  "purpose": "The code provides functions to perform face verification requests via different data inputs (images from files, URLs, blobs, base64), sending data to a specified API endpoint.",
  "sources": "File streams from local paths, image URLs via HTTP GET requests, blob data, and base64-encoded strings.",
  "sinks": "HTTP POST requests to external API endpoints, with inclusion of 'x-api-key' headers, and file streams or data payloads.",
  "flows": "Data flows from file read streams, URL responses, or base64 strings through form-data or JSON payloads into axios POST requests with API key headers.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials; API keys are passed as parameters, not embedded. The code does not perform suspicious operations like network connections to unknown domains, data exfiltration, or system modifications. There is proper handling of data streams and headers. No obfuscated or malicious code is present. The functions are straightforward wrappers around axios HTTP requests with data preparation.",
  "analysis": "The code is primarily designed to send images (from files, URLs, blobs, or base64 strings) to external face verification API endpoints. It uses standard modules (axios, fs, form-data) and performs expected operations: reading files, fetching URLs, constructing form-data, and making HTTP requests. All data flows are directed towards user-specified URLs with provided API keys. There are no signs of data leaks, network connections to suspicious domains, or malicious behavior such as unauthorized system access or data exfiltration. The code is consistent, well-structured, and adheres to common practices for such API interactions. No malicious or suspicious anomalies are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate client-side library for facial verification that securely sends images to specified API endpoints. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. The functions handle data safely and do not perform any suspicious or harmful operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}