{
  "purpose": "Module setup and global exposure of React components, routing, environment, and nodes for runtime access.",
  "sources": "Imports from './env', './nodes', './integrations-manager', './integrations/react', './integrations/react-router', './version'; access to module functions and properties.",
  "sinks": "Global assignment of RWR instance to window.RWR or global.RWR, exposing internal methods publicly.",
  "flows": "Initialization of RWR class with imported modules, then assignment to global object via run() method.",
  "anomalies": "Global exposure pattern is common but could be exploited if environment is compromised; no obfuscation or malicious code detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports multiple modules related to environment, nodes, integrations, React components, and routing. It defines a singleton class RWR that exposes methods for component management, routing, and node mounting. The run() method assigns this instance to the global scope, making internal functions accessible externally. No network activity, code injection, obfuscation, or suspicious patterns are present. The pattern of exposing APIs globally is typical in client-side applications but can pose security risks if the environment is untrusted. The code is straightforward, readable, and free of malicious logic. The malware score is 0, as no malicious activity is evident. The obfuscated score is 0, given the clarity of the code. The security risk score is approximately 0.2-0.3, reflecting the global exposure concern but not indicating immediate danger. Overall, the code appears benign, with the main consideration being cautious management of global exposure in production environments.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React module setup with global API exposure. No malicious or obfuscated code is present. The main security concern is the global exposure pattern, which is common but should be managed carefully. The scores assigned are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}