{
  "purpose": "The script adds sorting and filtering functionalities to an HTML table with class 'coverage-summary', including dynamic sorting of columns and a search filter input.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from DOM elements such as table headers ('th'), table rows ('tr'), and input elements ('#fileSearch'). It also reads attributes like 'data-col', 'data-type', and 'data-value' from DOM nodes.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies DOM elements by setting innerHTML, className, and style.display properties. It also attaches event listeners to UI elements for sorting and filtering actions.",
  "flows": "User inputs in the search box ('#fileSearch') trigger filtering of table rows; clicking on sort controls triggers sorting by specific columns, which manipulates DOM elements to reorder rows.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. The code is straightforward UI logic for table sorting/filtering. The use of 'eslint-disable' is benign here, indicating suppression of lint warnings but no malicious intent. No obfuscated code, suspicious network requests, or system modifications are present.",
  "analysis": "The script primarily interacts with DOM elements to provide table sorting and filtering features. It reads data from attributes, which is standard for dynamic table management. Event listeners are properly set for user interactions. There are no signs of data exfiltration, network activity, or system manipulation. The code is well-structured for its purpose and does not contain hidden or malicious code segments. Overall, it appears to be a benign, UI enhancement script without malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign UI enhancement for table sorting and filtering. There is no evidence of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. It operates solely within the DOM context to improve user interaction. The script is safe for use and contains no malicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}