{
  "purpose": "The code provides client-side table sorting and filtering functionality for a webpage, specifically targeting a table with class 'coverage-summary'. It enhances user interaction by enabling column-based sorting and real-time filtering of table rows based on search input.",
  "sources": "Data is read from DOM elements such as table headers ('th'), table rows ('tr'), and specific input elements ('fileSearch').",
  "sinks": "Untrusted data (search input) affects row visibility; data attributes from 'td' elements are used internally for sorting, but are not directly exposed externally.",
  "flows": "The search input value flows from 'fileSearch' input element to filtering logic that toggles row visibility. Data attributes from 'td' elements are loaded into row data objects for sorting purposes. User clicks on sort controls trigger sorting functions that reorder DOM elements.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically injects HTML for sorting indicators and search box, but these are standard UI updates. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls are detected. No use of eval or dynamic code execution. No obfuscated code present. The code is straightforward and self-contained.",
  "analysis": "The script initializes table sorting and filtering features once the window loads. It retrieves table and header elements, assigns event handlers for search input and sort controls, and manages sorting states with a currentSort object. Sorting functions manipulate DOM nodes based on data attributes without executing external or untrusted code. Search filtering toggles display styles of rows based on input. All operations are confined to DOM manipulation and event handling. No network requests, file system access, or suspicious behavior observed. The code appears to be a typical client-side UI enhancement script with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of table sorting and filtering functionality with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It safely manipulates DOM elements based on user input and does not include any suspicious external interactions or hidden backdoors.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}