{
  "purpose": "The code provides client-side table sorting and filtering functionalities for a webpage, specifically targeting elements with class 'coverage-summary' and associated DOM elements.",
  "sources": "Reads input from the search input element with id 'fileSearch', and DOM elements such as '.coverage-summary', 'thead', 'tbody', and table cells with 'data-value' attributes.",
  "sinks": "Modifies DOM element styles and innerHTML; manipulates classes for sorting indicators; accesses DOM elements for sorting and filtering; uses getAttribute for 'data-value' attributes.",
  "flows": "Input from 'fileSearch' element flows into filtering logic; 'data-value' attributes provide sortable data; clicking on column headers triggers sorting functions; data attributes are loaded into objects for comparison.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, suspicious network activity, or backdoors present. The code primarily manages DOM elements for table sorting/filtering without external or covert actions. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution is evident. The code uses standard practices for DOM manipulation and event handling.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a self-invoking module that manages sorting and filtering of an HTML table with class 'coverage-summary'. It loads column definitions based on 'th' elements, attaching sorting behavior with visual indicators. It also adds a search box to filter rows based on user input. The data is extracted from 'td' elements' 'data-value' attributes and stored in row objects for comparison during sorting. All actions involve standard DOM manipulation, event handling, and data comparison; there are no signs of external data leakage, malicious network requests, or covert data collection. The code appears to be purely functional for UI purposes without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a straightforward client-side table sorting and filtering script. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It operates solely within the webpage DOM, managing user interactions for sorting and filtering purposes. There are no suspicious patterns or malicious indicators detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}