{
  "purpose": "This code provides an AngularJS-based calendar library, including templates, controllers, directives, filters, and utility functions for rendering and managing calendar views (year, month, week, day).",
  "sources": "Sources include external dependencies such as 'interactjs', 'moment', 'angular', and internal modules/templates loaded via webpack context and template cache. It reads configuration, templates, and external libraries. User input data would come from calendar events and configuration passed into components.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are functions that modify DOM styles (e.g., CSS transforms, heights, widths), perform date calculations, or invoke callbacks like 'onEventClick' or 'onEventTimesChanged'. These are generally controlled via Angular scope bindings and are not inherently dangerous but could be misused if malicious inputs trigger unwanted UI changes or callbacks.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external inputs such as event data, configuration, and user interactions through scope bindings to controllers, and then to DOM via templates. Callbacks like 'onEventClick' are invoked with event objects. No evidence of untrusted data being directly written to system resources or network activities; mainly internal UI updates.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code patterns, backdoors, or hardcoded secrets are observed. All code appears to be standard AngularJS component definitions, utility functions, and template management. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution detected. External dependencies are loaded in a conventional manner.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive AngularJS calendar module, utilizing standard practices for component structure, dependency loading, and scope management. External modules such as 'interactjs' are used for drag-and-drop functionality, which is typical for interactive UIs. Templates are loaded via webpack context and stored in Angular's template cache, with no signs of malicious override or hidden code. All functions perform expected operations related to date calculations, view rendering, and event management. There is no evidence of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, reverse shells, system damage, or covert network activity. The only potential concern could be misuse of callback functions supplied by users, but this is standard in AngularJS apps and controlled via scope bindings.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard AngularJS calendar library with no indications of malicious intent or sabotage. It leverages well-known libraries and AngularJS conventions. No malicious signals, backdoors, or security breaches are evident. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}