{
  "purpose": "The code is a JavaScript module for an AngularJS calendar component, involving multiple directives, controllers, filters, and helper functions to display and manage calendar views (year, month, week, day). It primarily handles calendar rendering, event management, and drag-and-drop interactions.",
  "sources": "Data sources include input properties such as 'events', 'viewDate', 'customTemplateUrls', and user interactions like clicks and drags. External dependencies like 'interactjs' for drag-and-drop and 'moment' for date handling are loaded via require statements.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks involve event handlers that respond to user interactions (clicks, drags, drops) which could potentially be misused if malicious code is injected into event objects or templates. External modules 'interactjs' and 'moment' are loaded but are external dependencies, not embedded malicious code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external inputs (user interactions, input properties) through controllers and directives, invoking handlers that modify event data or trigger external callbacks. User actions such as dragging, dropping, clicking, and date modifications flow into handler functions that could be exploited if malicious code is present in event data or templates.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are evident. The code dynamically loads templates and external libraries; no obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. There are no signs of hidden network communications, system modifications, or data exfiltration code. The external dependency 'interactjs' is loaded as an external constant, with fallback handling, which is standard. The code properly manages dependencies and user input flows.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive AngularJS module for calendar functionalities, utilizing multiple directives, controllers, and helper utilities to render views and handle user interactions. It uses external libraries like 'moment' and 'interactjs' to provide date manipulation and drag-and-drop features. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data theft, hidden network activity, or sabotage. The templates are loaded via $templateCache and are purely for UI rendering. The data flows involve user actions and external inputs only; no unsafe eval, code injection, or network calls are detected within this module. The reliance on external libraries is managed properly, and no suspicious code is embedded within the core logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured AngularJS calendar component without malicious intent or sabotage. It primarily provides UI and interaction logic for calendar views, with no signs of malware or security risks. External dependencies are standard and handled securely. No malicious behavior or security vulnerabilities are detected within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}