{
  "purpose": "The provided code is an open-source AngularJS calendar library module, primarily designed to display and manage calendar views and events. Its main functions involve rendering calendar UI components, handling event interactions, and loading templates dynamically.",
  "sources": "Reads include external module dependencies such as 'angular', 'moment', and 'interactjs'; internal modules load templates and configurations; user interaction inputs are managed via scope variables and event callbacks.",
  "sinks": "Potentially sensitive operations include loading templates from the $templateCache, and executing callbacks like onEventClick and onEventTimesChanged, which could be manipulated if external inputs are compromised. No direct data leakage, network transmission, or system modification code is present.",
  "flows": "User interaction triggers callbacks that are passed into scope variables, e.g., onEventClick. Templates are loaded from $templateCache; external modules such as 'interactjs' enable drag-and-drop, but are external dependencies and only used for UI interactions. No direct data flows outside the scope of UI rendering or callback invocation are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are detected. External modules are loaded optionally; the code dynamically loads templates and supports user-provided templates. No obfuscated code, code injection, or malicious payloads are evident. The only external external module 'interactjs' is loaded via try-catch and assigned as a constant for interactions; this is standard for drag-and-drop features.",
  "analysis": "The code is a structured AngularJS module implementing calendar views with dynamic template loading, event handling, and interaction support. It includes safe practices such as dynamic template loading from $templateCache and external module loading with try-catch. No suspicious network activity, code injection, or system modification is evident. The code relies on well-known libraries and patterns, with no signs of malicious behavior. External dependencies are optional and only used for UI interactions like dragging, which are standard features.\n\nGiven the scope and patterns, the code appears benign and consistent with open-source UI component libraries. No signs of malicious sabotage, data theft, or covert operations are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard open-source AngularJS calendar library with no malicious intent. It loads external libraries, manages templates, and facilitates UI interactions in a typical manner. There are no signs of malware or security risks within the provided module itself.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}