{
  "purpose": "The code implements a mathematical utility class for precise floating-point calculations, including methods for addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and rounding, with configurable precision and checks.",
  "sources": "Reads input data through function parameters and method arguments. No external data sources are involved.",
  "sinks": "Calculations produce output via internal variables; no direct data leakage or external network interaction is evident.",
  "flows": "Inputs are processed through methods like add, subtract, multiply, devide, and round, which manipulate internal result state. There are no external sinks or data exfiltration points.",
  "anomalies": "The code is highly obfuscated in structure but uses standard modern JavaScript syntax. No suspicious strings, network calls, or file operations are present. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of precise arithmetic operations, with no hardcoded secrets or backdoors.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a constructor function for high-precision floating-point calculations, including methods for setting precision, enabling checks, and performing various arithmetic operations. The methods handle decimal length calculations, conversion to integers for avoiding floating-point inaccuracies, and optional boundary checks. No external inputs are read from untrusted sources; the logic is self-contained. No network or filesystem access, no suspicious strings, or dynamic code execution is present. The obfuscation appears superficial, stemming from minified or compiled code style, not malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical utility library designed for precise calculations. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The obfuscation is superficial and likely due to minification. Overall, the package appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}