{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a JavaScript module for birthday calculations, including determining age, days to birthday, days gone since birthday, and joint date information. Its primary purpose is to provide utility functions related to birth dates and related calculations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function parameters, mainly date strings provided as input to various methods. It also reads the current date from the system (new Date()).",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks such as network requests, file system access, or sensitive data leaks are present. There are no operations that send data over the network or modify system files.",
  "flows": "Input date strings flow from function arguments into parsing functions, with calculations based on current date, resulting in computed date differences or formatted strings. No external data is fed or transmitted beyond local calculations.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains inconsistent and malformed string concatenations, such as '+\"'+D+'\"', and confusing variable handling. The minified-looking structure and redundant code hints at possible obfuscation, but the code seems to be a legitimate utility. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are detected. The source map comment suggests a build process, not malicious obfuscation.",
  "analysis": "The code is a utility library for birthday-related calculations, including age, days until or since birthday, and joint date info. It uses standard date parsing and calculation methods. Despite some syntactic anomalies and minified appearance, it doesn't perform any malicious activities such as network communications, data exfiltration, or system modification. No suspicious behaviors like code injection, credential theft, or backdoors are present. The apparent obfuscation is consistent with minified code typical in distribution packages, not malicious obfuscation.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a legitimate utility library for birthday calculations with no signs of malicious intent or malware. It does not exhibit security risks or malicious behaviors beyond its intended functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.2,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}