{
  "purpose": "This code appears to provide date-related utility functions, likely for calculating age, days to birthday, days gone since birthday, and joint date information, related to birthday calculations.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from date strings passed as arguments to functions (e.g., birthday date strings in 'YYYY-MM-DD' format). Uses local system date via 'new Date()'.",
  "sinks": "No explicit data sinks such as network transmission, file writes, or environment variable access are present. No evidence of data leakage or untrusted data transmission.",
  "flows": "Input date strings are parsed and used in date calculations. Calculations derive days, years, and date information internally. No external data flow to network or storage.",
  "anomalies": "Code is obfuscated or minified, making analysis difficult. Functions use string splitting, date calculations, and dynamic class assignments, but no suspicious code structures are evident. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are visible. The code's structure is complex but appears consistent with a date utility library.",
  "analysis": "The code defines several classes and functions related to birthday calculations, including years old, days to birthday, days gone since birthday, and joint date info. It employs date parsing, difference calculations, and conditional HTML string formatting. There are no signs of network activity, data exfiltration, or malicious payloads. The obfuscation is limited to minification rather than malicious concealment. No external calls, no suspicious string operations, or hidden behaviors are present. Overall, the code functions as a birthday/date utility library with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a date utility library focused on birthday calculations. No malicious behavior or security risks are identified. The obfuscation is minimal and appears to serve code minification rather than concealment of malicious intent. No malware signals or security threats are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.8,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}