{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WebGL-based 3D IFC model viewer, handling model loading, rendering, interaction, and styling. It manages binary data parsing, GPU buffers, shader compilation, camera control, and user interactions.",
  "sources": "Data is read from external sources such as URLs, Blob, or File objects via XMLHttpRequest or FileReader. Model data streams into buffers during parsing and loading. User input is captured via mouse and scroll events. Shaders are loaded as string literals.",
  "sinks": "Untrusted input can influence model data streams, but the code processes binary data with strict parsing. Shader source code is hardcoded, not influenced by external input. No insecure data leakage or insecure database access is present. WebGL rendering buffers and textures are written with data from binary sources.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external sources into binary parsers (xBinaryReader), then into buffers and textures for GPU rendering. User interactions (mouse events) influence camera matrices and clipping planes. No data is sent over network or external channels beyond initial data fetch via XMLHttpRequest or Blob/File load.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are observed. Shader code contains complex logic but no signs of malicious code injection or obfuscated behavior. No use of eval, Function constructor, or dynamic code execution that could indicate obfuscation or malicious intent. All code is standard for a WebGL IFC viewer with extensive comments and license notices. No hidden network communications, data exfiltration, or covert channels are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive WebGL IFC model viewer with features for model loading, rendering, interaction, and styling. It uses standard techniques for binary data parsing, GPU buffer management, shader compilation, camera controls, and user interaction handling. The shader code is embedded as string literals, which is typical for WebGL applications. The source code contains no dynamic code execution, no network transmissions beyond initial fetch, and no suspicious logic. License comments and code comments explain standard functionality. The flow of data is strictly from external sources into buffers and textures for rendering, with no indications of malicious data manipulation or covert behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, complex 3D IFC viewer built with WebGL. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. It operates solely within its rendering and interaction scope, with no signs of malware or security risks. The overall security risk score is low.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.05,
  "report_number": 3
}