{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions, mappings, and handlers for a CSS utility framework, including color parsing, value handling, and variant matching.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function parameters such as color strings, CSS property strings, and configuration objects; data is accessed from theme objects and input strings.",
  "sinks": "CSS properties and variables are assigned values (e.g., color strings, CSS variables); functions output CSS rules, color values, and variables.",
  "flows": "Input strings (colors, CSS values) flow through parsing functions, leading to CSS variable or color string outputs; theme data influences color resolution, and configuration objects influence breakpoint data.",
  "anomalies": "Code contains extensive string parsing, dynamic CSS variable generation, and flexible color parsing that could be manipulated if untrusted input is provided, but no explicit malicious code, backdoors, or obfuscated code is present. No hardcoded credentials, network calls, or system modifications are detected. The code primarily performs safe utility operations.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of utility functions for CSS value handling, color parsing, and variant matching. It uses regex-based parsing, string manipulations, and theme-based color resolutions. There are no signs of code injection, network activity, or system access. All functions operate within the scope of string and data transformations. The code is well-structured for a utility library and does not contain suspicious or malicious logic. The extensive color parsing functions do not perform external communication or system modifications. The dynamic property and value handling are typical for CSS-in-JS or utility CSS frameworks and do not suggest malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of CSS utility functions and mappings with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It is designed for style and theme handling in a CSS utility framework. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious network activity. It appears safe and benign.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}