{
  "purpose": "This code provides date and time manipulation utilities, including date calculations, formatting, and interval handling, primarily for application logic involving calendar computations.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from function inputs such as date objects, numbers, and object properties (e.g., date parameters in functions like normalizeDate, normalizeTime, and constructors of DateTime and Interval).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include functions that output or serialize data such as toString, toJSON, offsetToString, and methods that return numerical computations or string formats. No untrusted external network or system commands are invoked.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through processing functions like normalizeDate and normalizeTime, culminating in formatted strings or date calculations. There are no evident data flows leading to external systems or untrusted data leaks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious strings. No dynamic code execution, eval, or obfuscated code present. The code uses standard date calculations and formatting with no evident malicious logic or backdoors. Functions and constants are consistent with typical date utilities.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard date and time calculations, including leap year determination, date normalization, date formatting, and interval computations. It employs clear, straightforward logic without dynamic code execution or external data transmission. No anomalies such as hidden code, backdoors, or malicious behavior are observed. The presence of imported utility functions from 'emnorst' is benign and typical for modular code. The functions focus solely on date arithmetic and string formatting, with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate date and time utility library with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs standard operations with no suspicious or hidden functionality. The overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}