{
  "purpose": "The code defines a custom InfoBox class for Google Maps, providing advanced styling and control over map info windows, including creation, display, positioning, and event handling.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from constructor options (content, position, style options), and DOM elements for user interaction (close box, content). No external data sources are accessed.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM elements for the InfoBox display, adds event listeners for user interactions such as clicks and context menu, and triggers custom events.",
  "flows": "Data flows from constructor options into class properties, then into DOM elements during createInfoBoxDiv_. Event handlers respond to user actions (clicks, context menu) and update visibility or position accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external network activity. The close box URL defaults to a Google Maps URL; no alternative URLs or external data fetching are present. Event propagation control is standard for overlays.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a customizable InfoBox overlay for Google Maps with features such as content setting, positioning, styling, and event management. It creates DOM elements dynamically, manages styles, and adds event listeners for user interactions. The code appears to follow typical patterns for Google Maps overlays and does not include any suspicious network calls, data exfiltration, or hidden functionalities. The close box URL defaults to a standard Google resource, and no code indicates external data fetching or command-and-control activities. The code is structured, with clear separation of concerns, and employs standard API usage. There are no signs of obfuscation, malicious injections, or hidden backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a customizable Google Maps InfoBox overlay, with no malicious behavior detected. It manages DOM elements and events securely and uses publicly available resources. No security risks or malware indicators are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}