{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Leaflet plugin to create pie charts with semi-circular slices, labels, and customizable options for visualization on maps.",
  "sources": "Data input via the 'data' parameter in the constructor and 'setData' method; configuration options such as 'radius', 'colors', and 'labels'.",
  "sinks": "Rendering functions that generate visual elements on the map (L.semiCircle, L.polyline, L.marker), which are not inherently sinks for untrusted data but may be affected by malicious inputs if data is manipulated.",
  "flows": "Input data flows through '_prepareData' for normalization and color assignment, then to '_createLabel' for label positioning, and finally to rendering functions that display the chart. No external data is fetched or sent.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, backdoors, or hidden behaviors detected. The 'randomColor' function uses deterministic calculations for color generation. No hardcoded credentials, network calls, or obfuscated code are present. The code is well-structured and clear.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward Leaflet plugin for drawing pie charts. It initializes with data and options, normalizes data for display, assigns colors, and creates visual slices and labels on the map. The 'randomColor' function generates colors based on mathematical sine functions, which is predictable but not malicious. No external network communication, data exfiltration, or execution of untrusted code is present. The code's purpose is visualization, and it adheres to safe practices. The only point of note is the use of deterministic color generation, which could be predictable but does not pose security risks.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard visualization plugin for Leaflet maps with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior detected. It safely handles input data, generates visual elements, and contains no network or security-sensitive operations.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}