{
  "purpose": "The code is designed to set up a WebGL rendering pipeline, load shader programs, and perform real-time graphical effects rendering in a browser environment.",
  "sources": "User input via mouse movements (window 'mousemove' event), external shader files fetched via fetch() from URLs, and shader source code strings embedded in the script.",
  "sinks": "WebGL API calls such as gl.createShader, gl.shaderSource, gl.compileShader, gl.attachShader, gl.linkProgram, gl.uniform*, gl.bindTexture, and fetch network requests. Also, console.error and console.log for debugging outputs.",
  "flows": "Input data from mouse events or external shader fetches is used in shader source code or passed to uniform variables. Shader compilation and program linking process handle source code, then rendering loop draws effects to WebGL framebuffers. Data flows from external sources to shader programs and rendering buffers.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code snippets are evident. The code employs standard WebGL setup and shader management routines without suspicious logic. Fetch calls are used to load shader source files but do not include suspicious URLs or data exfiltration logic. No obfuscated or minified code or unusual language features are present. No suspicious network activity or system modifications detected.",
  "analysis": "The script implements a WebGL rendering framework involving shader compilation, program linking, and rendering to textures. It loads shaders from external URLs and uses fetch() to retrieve shader source code, which is then compiled into shader programs. User input (mouse movement) is captured and passed as uniform variables. The code creates multiple rendering targets (framebuffers/textures) for effects. There are no indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or system manipulation. The fetch() calls are standard for dynamic shader loading, with no suspicious URLs or data handling. The shader code appears to be for visual effects and does not contain malicious logic. Overall, the code appears legitimate, intended for graphical rendering, with no signs of malware or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical WebGL-based rendering setup for visual effects, loading shaders dynamically, and managing rendering buffers. There is no evidence of malicious intent, backdoors, or data leaks. It functions as a visual effects engine without suspicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}