{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React component 'useAppleHover' that adds a hover effect with 3D transform and shadow to a DOM element, along with a wrapper component 'Ye' that renders a styled div. It appears intended for UI enhancement with hover animations.",
  "sources": "Reads from React library (require('react')) and environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV). Uses DOM references (useRef) and event listeners (mousemove, mouseleave).",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM element styles directly, particularly 'transform' and 'box-shadow' properties based on mouse movement; no untrusted data inputs or network operations present.",
  "flows": "React component renders 'div' with styles influenced by mouse events, with color parsing from HEX to RGB within the component; user interactions modify styles but do not send data externally.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns detected. The color parsing logic and event handlers are standard. The code includes development and production environment distinctions but nothing suspicious in those checks.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with UMD pattern for module compatibility, importing React. It defines runtime functions for JSX in production and development modes, then declares a React hook 'useAppleHover' that computes style transformations based on mouse position. It includes color conversion logic, style transitions, and event listeners for hover effects. The component 'Ye' wraps children with styled div applying these hover effects. No external network access, obfuscated code, or malicious patterns are present. The code appears to be a UI enhancement utility, not malware.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a React component implementing a hover effect with CSS transforms and shadows, with no signs of malicious behavior. It is designed for UI aesthetics rather than malicious activities.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}