{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React-based hover effect component called 'useAppleHover' and a 'Ye' component that applies this effect to its children, with no apparent malicious intent. It appears to be a UI enhancement library.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from environment variables (process.env.NODE_ENV), React internals, and DOM events such as 'mousemove' and 'mouseleave'. It also accepts children props for rendering.",
  "sinks": "The code manipulates DOM styles and event listeners, specifically changing 'transform' and 'box-shadow' styles based on mouse movement, but does not perform data leakage or external network requests.",
  "flows": "User mouse movements (source) trigger event handlers that update CSS styles on the DOM element (sink). There is no flow to network or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are found. The code logs to console ('console.log(\"mouseMove\")') but that is typical for debugging. The code includes React internal symbols and development-only debugging functions, which are benign. No backdoors, data exfiltration, or suspicious behaviors are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes React JSX runtime in production mode, defining a React component that applies a hover effect with 3D transform and shadow based on mouse position. It uses React hooks and DOM event listeners properly. No external network activity, credential handling, or obfuscated malicious code is present. The inclusion of React internal symbols and environment checks are standard. The logging of 'mouseMove' appears to be for debugging purposes, not malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a benign UI component for hover effects.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a React-based hover effect component implementing visual UI enhancements. It does not contain malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It operates within standard React and DOM APIs and does not exfiltrate data or connect externally. The code appears safe and intended for aesthetic purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}