{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Vue component that integrates with @antv/x6 graph visualization library, enabling creation and manipulation of nodes, edges, and related graph elements.",
  "sources": "Reads data from imported libraries, component props, and passed attributes. Uses event listeners and DOM references (e.g., container ref).",
  "sinks": "Manipulates graph objects, updates properties, triggers events, and disposes of graph instances. Creates elements, sets properties, and attaches event handlers.",
  "flows": "Input data from props/attributes flows into graph creation and updates; event listeners capture user interactions and update graph state; data updates propagate through events and reactive variables.",
  "anomalies": "Code constructs a Vue component with complex dynamic element creation and event handling. No clear hardcoded credentials or malicious code. Use of setTimeout with very short delay (1ms) for batching updates could be unusual but not malicious. No suspicious network activity or system commands detected. No obfuscated code or malicious patterns observed.",
  "analysis": "The code is a Vue component setup that initializes a graph using @antv/x6 library. It defines multiple helper functions for creating and updating graph elements like nodes, edges, labels, ports, and tools. It manages graph lifecycle within Vue's setup hooks, such as onMounted and onUnmounted, and binds event handlers for cell updates. The logic appears focused on graph rendering and interaction, with no signs of data leakage, network activity, or malicious system access. The code uses standard Vue composition API patterns and library calls, with no obfuscated or suspicious constructs. There are no hardcoded credentials, system commands, or external network connections. The setTimeout batching is typical for DOM updates, not malicious. Overall, the code seems legitimate for a graph visualization component without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a Vue component that handles graph visualization via @antv/x6. It performs standard setup, element creation, event handling, and cleanup. No malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity detected. The code appears safe and intended for graph rendering purposes.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}