{
  "purpose": "The code provides an authorization wrapper class for handling Stellar SDK keypair-based authorization and custom callback authorization, primarily to sign transactions or buffers.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the constructor parameter 'authorization' (string or function) and method parameter 'payload' (transaction or buffer). It also imports external modules '@stellar/stellar-sdk' and './errors.js'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include signing payloads with private keys and invoking authorization callbacks, which could lead to signing untrusted data or executing malicious functions if untrusted callbacks are provided.",
  "flows": "Sources: authorization parameter, payload in authorize method. Flows into signing functions or callback invocation. The flow can lead to signing data with secret keys or executing user-defined functions.",
  "anomalies": "The code handles dynamic input types but does not validate the authorization callback or ensure its safety. No hardcoded secrets or credentials are present. No suspicious domain connections or data leaks are evident.",
  "analysis": "The constructor safely distinguishes between string secrets and functions, throwing errors for invalid input. The 'authorize' method signs payloads if a Keypair instance is present, which is standard for Stellar SDK. It also supports callback-based authorization, which could be risky if the callback is malicious, but the code does not include any suspicious behavior beyond that. The 'promisify' function ensures promise-based flow control. Overall, the code is straightforward with no signs of malicious intent or malicious payload execution, although the flexibility of callback execution warrants caution in untrusted environments.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate authorization wrapper for Stellar transactions, with standard handling of secret keys and callbacks. No malicious behavior or supply chain attacks are evident. The only consideration is the use of potentially untrusted callbacks, which could execute malicious code if supplied from untrusted sources, but this is a known risk rather than malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}