{
  "purpose": "Provide precise floating-point arithmetic operations in JavaScript, including addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division, with chainable API support.",
  "sources": [
    "Input arguments to chainable methods (plus, minus, multiply, divide).",
    "Initial value stored in this._value when creating an instance or calling static methods.",
    "Numerical inputs to the functions for calculation."
  ],
  "sinks": [
    "Calculation functions that process data (e.g., dividing, multiplying, converting to fixed decimal places).",
    "Conversion of floating point to integer via string replacement and parseInt.",
    "Returning results potentially involving toFixed, which could be exploited for leaking info if misused, but not inherently malicious."
  ],
  "flows": [
    "Input arguments → getFloatLength / calcCore functions → perform arithmetic operations → return final value.",
    "Chainable API methods pass data to calcCore functions, which process and update internal _value.",
    "Final value retrieval with optional toFixed formatting."
  ],
  "anomalies": [
    "No hardcoded credentials or secrets.",
    "All operations are standard floating point math, no dynamic code execution, eval, or suspicious string manipulations beyond standard numeric processing.",
    "Code comments and structure are consistent, and no obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are present.",
    "No network connections, data exfiltration, or system commands are present."
  ],
  "analysis": "The code implements precise floating-point arithmetic by converting numbers to integers based on decimal length, performing calculations, and converting back, which is a common approach to avoid floating point inaccuracies. The functions for addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division are straightforward and standard. The chainable API and static methods provide flexible usage. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as network activity, data theft, or backdoors. The code does not contain obfuscated or malicious code snippets. Its purpose is purely mathematical, with no evident security risks or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs legitimate floating-point arithmetic operations with a chainable interface, and no malicious or suspicious behavior is evident. It adheres to safe coding practices and does not introduce security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}