{
  "purpose": "The code appears to manage image previews and cropping functionality within a web application, including initializing preview images, resetting them, and adjusting their display during cropping.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from DOM elements (e.g., el.alt, el.parentNode), properties of objects like cropBoxData, imageData, and canvasData, as well as configuration options such as this.opt.preview and this.crossOrigin.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies DOM elements' styles, innerHTML, and data attributes, and sets image src attributes. It also applies CSS styles dynamically and updates image transformations via CSS.",
  "flows": "Input data from DOM elements and object properties are used to create and manipulate image elements. Image sources are set from URLs, and DOM manipulations update styles and inner content based on user interactions or data changes.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. Usage of dynamic DOM manipulations and CSS adjustments are standard for image preview features. No obfuscated code, malware signatures, or external network connections are present.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes image previews by creating image elements and setting their sources based on URLs, including cross-origin handling. It stores original sizes and HTML for reset purposes. The preview method adjusts the preview images' size and position based on crop box data, updating CSS styles dynamically. There are no signs of data exfiltration, hidden network requests, or malicious behavior. The code uses standard DOM manipulation and CSS styling techniques. The presence of comments and structured logic suggests intended functionality rather than malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a standard image preview and cropping utility, with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It operates within expected parameters for such functionality and does not contain any malware or suspicious patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}