{
  "purpose": "This code handles image preview initialization, reset, and display within a cropping or viewing interface, including dynamically creating and manipulating image elements and their styles.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from DOM elements (el, preview), configuration options (opt), and data stored in element data attributes (DATA_PREVIEW).",
  "sinks": "Manipulates DOM elements (images, container elements), sets styles, and appends images to the DOM. Uses image.src to load images based on URL variables.",
  "flows": "Sources (DOM element attributes and options) -> Image creation and setting src -> Styles and DOM manipulations -> Image rendering in viewBox and preview elements.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. Use of dynamic image source URLs is standard; no obfuscated or suspicious code patterns are present. Commented-out code related to resizing is benign. No network or data exfiltration code found.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes image previews by creating image elements, setting their src to provided URLs, and appending them to specified DOM nodes. It manages styling to ensure proper display and handles reset operations by restoring original styles and content. The preview function updates image display based on crop box data, adjusting transforms and sizes accordingly. No malicious logic such as network calls to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or backdoors is present. The use of data attributes to store original element sizes is typical. All URL sources are derived from configuration variables, with no hardcoded secrets. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of image preview functionality without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears legitimate, serving as a standard image preview and crop view management module. There are no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. The code is well-structured and does not include obfuscated or suspicious patterns.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}