{
  "purpose": "This script manages the building, archiving, and optional uploading of prebuilt native modules for different runtimes and architectures, primarily to prepare prebuilt binaries for distribution.",
  "sources": "Reads environment variables (e.g., process.env.ARCH, process.env.GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN), command line arguments (via minimist), and package.json data. Also reads files from the filesystem (e.g., package.json, build artifacts).",
  "sinks": "Executes external processes via spawn (cmake-js rebuild), writes to filesystem (creating tar.gz archives), and uploads files via a third-party upload module, potentially using the GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN environment variable.",
  "flows": "Environment variables (e.g., GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN) and command-line arguments influence execution. Filesystem paths are used for reading/writing build artifacts and archives. External processes (cmake-js) are invoked with environment parameters. Files are archived and then uploaded, passing untrusted token data to the upload module.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no obvious malicious or suspicious logic, such as hidden backdoors, data exfiltration, or unauthorized network activity. It relies on external modules for upload. No hardcoded credentials are found besides the token used for upload, which is standard practice. No obfuscation, malicious code injections, or malware behaviors are detected. The use of spawn and filesystem is consistent with build scripts.",
  "analysis": "The code is a build and distribution script for native Node.js modules. It dynamically determines build targets, invokes a build process using cmake-js, archives build artifacts, and optionally uploads them to GitHub. It uses environment variables and command-line arguments securely, only to control build parameters and upload tokens. No suspicious or malicious behaviors such as reverse shells, data exfiltration, or stealthy code are present. The external upload module likely handles credentials securely via environment variables. No obfuscated code or malicious payloads are detected. The overall structure follows typical build scripts, and no anomalies suggest malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate build and distribution script with no malicious or malicious-looking behavior. It handles build processes, archiving, and optional uploading securely and transparently. No malware or security risks are evident beyond normal build script considerations, and no hidden malicious activity is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}