{
  "purpose": "This script manages building, packaging, and optionally uploading prebuilt binaries for a Node.js native module across different platforms and configurations.",
  "sources": "User-supplied command-line arguments ('runtime', 'version', 'abi', 'upload'), environment variables ('ARCH', 'GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN'), and filesystem reads (package.json, module files).",
  "sinks": "Child process execution ('spawn'), file system writes ('fs.createWriteStream', 'mkdirp'), archiving files ('archiver'), uploading files ('prebuild/upload'), console logging.",
  "flows": "Input arguments/env variables -> build commands ('spawn') -> packaging files ('archiver') -> optional upload ('prebuild/upload')",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded credentials or backdoors. It dynamically constructs build and archive paths but uses environment variables and user inputs in controlled ways. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic execution is evident. The upload function relies on an environment variable for authentication, which is typical but warrants caution. No suspicious network connections are made; the upload is a standard npm package usage.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically orchestrates build, packaging, and optional upload processes with standard Node.js modules and best practices. It utilizes 'child_process.spawn' for build commands, safely reads environment variables, and handles asynchronous operations with promises. Files are read and archived without suspicious content or obfuscation. The upload process depends on an environment variable token, which is typical for authentication. There are no signs of malicious code such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity. Overall, the script appears to be a legitimate build and upload automation tool with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard build and packaging script for Node.js native modules. It does not contain malicious behavior, backdoors, or malware. The use of environment variables for configuration and authentication is common, and no suspicious code patterns are present. The malware score is low, and the security risk score is minimal. It appears safe with high confidence.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}