{
  "purpose": "The code defines lookup tables for rational numbers that are either terminating or non-terminating, likely for mathematical computations or conversions involving fractions of irrational and transcendental constants.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from hardcoded objects containing numerators and denominators for various mathematical constants such as pi, e, sqrt(2), sqrt(3), sqrt(5), sqrt(7), and their combinations.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that process untrusted input data; the data is statically embedded within the code.",
  "flows": "No data flow from external sources to sinks is present; the tables are static. The code does not perform any runtime computations or data manipulations that involve external inputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code is purely declarative, consisting of large static data tables with no dynamic code, evaluation, or network activity. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are evident. The use of detailed constant tables is typical for mathematical or educational libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be an automatically generated or manually crafted collection of mathematical constants expressed as rational approximations. It contains multiple large objects with precise fractions for various constants. There are no functions, evaluations, or network activities. The data appears benign, aimed at accurate mathematical representation. The initial lines are standard module export definitions. No obfuscated language features, runtime code execution, or suspicious logic are observed. The content is static, detailed, and mathematical in nature, with no indicators of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a static data module providing rational approximations for various mathematical constants. It shows no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or sabotage. The purpose appears to be mathematical computations or educational usage. Overall security risk is very low.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}