{
  "purpose": "The code defines large lookup tables for rational numbers, including terminating and non-terminating decimal representations of irrational constants such as pi, e, φ, √2, √3, √5, and √7, and their rational approximations.",
  "sources": "The data is stored in large JSON-like objects: 'irrational_table', 'rational_table_terminating', and 'rational_table_non_terminating'. These are static data structures, likely for use in mathematical computations or conversions.",
  "sinks": "No sinks involving untrusted data, input/output, network operations, or environment variables are present. The code is purely static data.",
  "flows": "There are no data flows from untrusted sources to sinks. The code only loads predefined constant data into memory.",
  "anomalies": "The code consists solely of large static lookup tables with numerical constants and their rational approximations. There are no code execution, dynamic code, or obfuscated segments. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The data appears to be comprehensive and mathematically motivated, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a static module exporting large objects containing precise rational approximations for various irrational constants. There are no functions, dynamic code, or external data. The extensive constants suggest a focus on mathematical accuracy rather than malicious intent. The structure is straightforward, and no obfuscation, code injection, or malicious patterns are observed. The file appears designed solely to provide precise numeric data for computational purposes.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a non-malicious data module providing lookup tables for rational approximations of irrationals. It contains no signs of malware, backdoors, or malicious behavior. Its purpose is likely to facilitate accurate mathematical calculations. No security risks are identified within this module.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}