{
  "purpose": "This code defines lookup tables for rational numbers, including terminating and non-terminating fractions, likely for use in mathematical computations or conversions involving special constants like pi, e, φ, √2, √3, √5, and √7.",
  "sources": "The data structures 'irrational_table', 'rational_table_terminating', and 'rational_table_non_terminating' are initialized with numerical string keys, which are likely used as input references for mathematical operations.",
  "sinks": "There are no apparent sinks such as network calls, file system access, or system commands. The code solely sets up data structures for lookup purposes.",
  "flows": "There are no data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks; the code simply initializes lookup tables. No data is processed or transferred outside these data structures.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be minified or generated from a compilation process, with no obfuscated or malicious code patterns detected. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are present. The mappings are purely numeric constants and mathematical constants.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of static data definitions for rational approximations of irrational constants and their multiples. It lacks executable logic, input processing, or network interactions. The structure and content are consistent with mathematical reference tables. The absence of dynamic code execution, network communication, or system modification indicates no malicious intent. No anomalies such as hardcoded secrets or suspicious code are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code serves as a set of lookup tables for rational and irrational constants and does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It appears to be a benign, data-only module likely used for precise mathematical computations. No evidence of malware or malicious activity is present.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}