{
  "purpose": "Enhancement and customization of marker clustering with spiderfying (exploding clustered markers) animations in Leaflet maps.",
  "sources": "Code reads map state, cluster configurations, and marker positions; utilizes marker and layer properties; interacts with DOM elements for SVG animations.",
  "sinks": "Modifies marker positions, Z-index offsets, and opacities; adds/removes layers and polylines; triggers map events like 'spiderfied' and 'unspiderfied'.",
  "flows": "Code flow includes user interactions (clicks), cluster expansion (spiderfy), and collapse (unspiderfy), with position calculations for marker dispersion, including animated SVG transitions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or secrets. No unusual or misleading code patterns. Use of standard Leaflet classes and options. No network connections, data exfiltration, or stealth features observed.",
  "analysis": "The code defines methods to expand and collapse marker clusters with animated spiderfying effects, involving position calculations, CSS/SVG animations, and event handling. It leverages standard Leaflet classes and options, and there are no signs of malicious data handling or external communication. The use of event triggers and DOM manipulations appears to serve visual effects only. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. The code structure follows typical plugin patterns for Leaflet, with clear separation of animated and non-animated behaviors. The primary purpose is UI enhancement, with no evidence of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a map visualization enhancement plugin for Leaflet, enabling animated spiderfying of clustered markers. It performs standard calculations for marker dispersion, uses CSS/SVG transitions, and manages map layers. No malicious behavior, network activity, or security risks are evident. The implementation appears safe and intended solely for visual map interactions.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}