{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to clone a DOM element, including styles, images, fonts, pseudo-elements, iframes, and other resources, for rendering or processing purposes, such as screenshot generation.",
  "sources": "Reads include element attributes, styleSheets, style rules, background images, inline images, and iframe content; access to resource URLs and document properties.",
  "sinks": "Manipulation of DOM elements, inline images, style sheets, font sources, iframe document contents, and data URLs; potential for resource loading or script injection.",
  "flows": "Loads resources (images, fonts, stylesheets) via fetch and resourceLoader, clones nodes and styles, inlines images and fonts, copies CSS styles, and manipulates iframe documents; data flows from resource URLs through fetch, inline replacement, and cloning into new documents or images.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive resource inlining, cloning of iframes and canvases, and pseudo-element manipulation. No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation are evident. It logs errors during resource fetches but does not contain code that exfiltrates data or connects to external domains beyond resource loading. No hidden code or malicious backdoors detected.",
  "analysis": "The script clones DOM elements and their styles, including images, fonts, and iframes, by fetching resources and embedding them directly into cloned nodes to preserve visual appearance. It creates iframe containers to clone content, loads external stylesheets and fonts for inlining, and clones canvases. It also manages pseudo-elements and scroll positions carefully. There are no signs of malicious intent such as data theft, system manipulation, or network exfiltration. All operations are consistent with a utility for rendering or capturing DOM content, not malicious activities.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a comprehensive DOM cloning utility with resource inlining, used for rendering or screenshot purposes. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or sabotage signs. Its complexity is justified by the goal of accurate rendering. No malware detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}