{
  "purpose": "This code provides a set of functions and classes for cloning DOM elements, inline images and fonts, and creating deep copies of entire documents or iframes for rendering purposes, likely as part of a screenshot or rendering library.",
  "sources": "Reads input from DOM elements (element, styleSheets, images, iframes), fetch responses for stylesheets and fonts, and external resources via network requests (fetch, resourceLoader). It also reads document doctype and style rules.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates styles and clones nodes, creates iframes, replaces images and style content, and loads resources into blob data URLs. No direct sinks for untrusted data are apparent; operations are confined to DOM cloning and resource loading.",
  "flows": "Reads DOM nodes and styleSheet data as sources; loads external images, stylesheets, fonts, and iframe content; writes cloned nodes, replaces images with data URLs, injects style elements with font-face rules, and creates iframe documents. No evidence of flow leading to malicious data exfiltration or code execution outside resource loading and DOM manipulation.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious obfuscation. Use of inline resource loading and dynamic style injection is standard for rendering purposes but warrants caution if used maliciously. No unexpected network calls or data exfiltration activities observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs DOM cloning with style and resource inlining, including images, fonts, and iframe content. It fetches external resources and converts them into data URLs for embedding. It creates hidden iframes for rendering cloned content, handles pseudo-elements and styles, and manipulates the document structure accordingly. The resource loading functions and resource inlining are standard for rendering libraries; no code indicates malicious intent like data exfiltration, reverse shells, or unauthorized system access. It appears as a complex but legitimate utility for rendering or screenshot capturing. The absence of suspicious code paths or hidden network activity supports a benign purpose.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a typical DOM and resource cloning utility for rendering or screenshot purposes. There are no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious activity. It handles resource inlining and document cloning safely within its context, with no evident malware vectors. Overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}