{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for precise floating-point arithmetic operations: scaling numbers, addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.",
  "sources": "All functions receive numerical input via function arguments; the main source is the function parameters provided during invocation.",
  "sinks": "The code processes input data internally and returns numerical results. There are no sinks such as network requests, file operations, or external system interactions within this code snippet.",
  "flows": "Input data (arguments) flows through validation, conversion, and arithmetic operations, ultimately returning computed numbers. No external data flows into or out of the system beyond function inputs and outputs.",
  "anomalies": "The code performs extensive input validation for NaN values but does not handle non-numeric string inputs explicitly. There are no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code segments. The functions use standard JavaScript features without dynamic code execution or obfuscation. The code appears straightforward and intended for mathematical precision.",
  "analysis": "The code defines multiple utility functions for precise floating-point calculations, avoiding typical JavaScript floating-point errors by manipulating numbers as strings and integers. Input validation checks for NaN values, which is standard. No external calls, network requests, or environment variable uses are present. No suspicious or malicious patterns, such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious code, are detected. The code structure is clear and conventional for numerical utilities. Overall, the logic is safe, and no malicious intent or malicious behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of numerical utility functions for accurate floating-point arithmetic. It contains no malicious behavior, no suspicious code patterns, and poses no security threats. The code is straightforward and safe for use, with no indicators of malware or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}