{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions for Fibonacci-based price level fitting and approximation for financial data analysis, including stochastic and slow fitting methods.",
  "sources": "Functions receive 'prices' arrays as input, which are arrays of numerical data representing price points. No external data sources are accessed.",
  "sinks": "No data sinks are present; no data is sent externally, stored, or transmitted.",
  "flows": "Input 'prices' flow into the functions, which process the data through calculations, regression, and optimization steps, resulting in output objects with fit parameters and error metrics.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains commented-out functions and code segments, which suggest development or optimization attempts but do not execute. No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or privacy violations are evident. The code is straightforward in performing Fibonacci-based fitting algorithms without unusual code patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple functions for fitting Fibonacci retracement levels to price data, including iterative and stochastic approaches. It employs standard mathematical and statistical calculations, such as mean square error and standard deviation. The implementation appears typical for a financial analysis tool. No external network access, data exfiltration, or system manipulation code is present. The presence of commented-out functions indicates potential alternative methods but does not introduce malicious behavior. Overall, the code performs intended calculations with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate implementation of Fibonacci price level fitting algorithms used for financial data analysis. It contains no malware or malicious behavior, focusing solely on mathematical modeling. No suspicious or malicious code segments are present.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}