{
  "purpose": "This code appears to implement Fibonacci retracement level fitting and analysis for price data, likely for trading or technical analysis purposes.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'prices' array passed to various functions. Additional data includes random values generated within functions, such as in fitStochastic and fitStochastic2.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks are present that handle untrusted external data or network operations. The functions process numeric arrays and generate results locally without data leaks or external calls.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input 'prices' array through calculations involving start and end points, to the generation of Fibonacci levels and mean squared error calculations. No external or untrusted data flows to external systems.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain suspicious or unusual code segments. No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are evident. Commented-out code related to spatial indexing (RTree) indicates potential performance optimization but no malicious intent. No obfuscated or minified code is present.",
  "analysis": "The script performs mathematical computations related to Fibonacci levels and price fitting, using randomized and deterministic approaches. Functions are designed for analysis and optimization of price data fitting, with no evidence of malicious activities such as data exfiltration, system modification, or network communication. The use of randomization in fitStochastic and fitStochastic2 could be for heuristic optimization but does not indicate malicious behavior. No external resource access, environment variable use, or system commands are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of Fibonacci retracement level fitting and analysis routines for financial data. It contains no malicious code, backdoors, or malicious data handling. Its purpose is consistent with technical analysis tools. There is no evidence of malware or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}