{
  "purpose": "Utility functions for date formatting, URL parameter retrieval, file download, script injection, clipboard operations, deep cloning, array and object manipulation, UI interactions, and other common web utilities.",
  "sources": "Reads include URL parameters, response headers, DOM elements, window.navigator.userAgent, window.location.search, and external script URLs. Data flows from user inputs, server responses, and external resources.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are dynamic script loading (`injectScript`), file download via Blob and URL.createObjectURL, DOM manipulations (adding link/script elements), clipboard commands, and window/document APIs.",
  "flows": "Sources such as URL parameters or external URLs flow into functions like `injectScript` or `getUrlParam`. Response data flows into `downloadExcel`. User interactions trigger clipboard copy, style sheet addition, or script injection. Validation and caching mitigate risks in these flows.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, hardcoded secrets, or suspicious patterns detected. Usage of deprecated APIs like `window.unescape` noted but not malicious. External script injection is validated with URL regex, reducing risk.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises standard, well-structured utility functions with clear purpose. External script injection is controlled via URL validation and caching, minimizing risk. File download functions handle response data securely. No backdoors, malicious payloads, or sabotage mechanisms are present. The scores assigned (malware: 0, obfuscated: 0, security risk: 0.2-0.3) are consistent with the code's behavior and potential external script risks. Overall, the code is safe, with common web security considerations appropriately acknowledged.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a collection of safe, standard utility functions with minimal security risks primarily related to external script loading, which are mitigated by URL validation and caching. No evidence of malicious intent, sabotage, or obfuscation. The assigned scores are appropriate and consistent with the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}