{
  "purpose": "The code initializes a WebGL program to render a lighted cube with ambient and diffuse lighting effects, setting up shaders, buffers, and rendering parameters.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the HTML canvas element 'webgl', user-defined variables, and predefined buffers for vertex positions, colors, normals, and indices.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include uniform variable settings (e.g., light parameters), buffer data uploads, and draw calls (gl.drawElements). No untrusted external data or outputs are directly written or transmitted over networks.",
  "flows": "Data flows from buffer data (vertices, colors, normals) into shader attribute variables; uniform variables (light settings, matrices) flow into shaders; the rendering pipeline processes this data during gl.drawElements.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, such as hardcoded credentials (besides typical lighting parameters), backdoors, or hidden functionalities, are present. The code adheres to standard WebGL practices with clear structure. No dynamic code execution, obfuscation, or unexplained data leaks are detected.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a WebGL scene with vertex and fragment shaders for rendering a cube with lighting effects. It includes standard buffer initializations, shader uniform setups, and rendering commands. The lighting parameters are hardcoded for a white diffuse light and ambient light, which is common in demo or visualization code. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The code appears legitimate and intentionally designed for 3D rendering with lighting effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard WebGL rendering setup for a lit cube. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident. The lighting parameters are typical, and no suspicious data flows or code anomalies are present. Overall, it appears safe and free of malware.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0.0,
  "malware": 0.0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}