{
  "purpose": "The code provides cryptographic functions including Diffie-Hellman key exchange setup, SHA-256 hashing, and AES-256 encryption.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data through the 'str' parameter in 'cySHA256' and 'text' parameter in 'cyAes'. No external input sources are explicitly shown, but the functions are designed to accept untrusted input.",
  "sinks": "The 'cyAes' function performs encryption which could be a sink if input data is maliciously crafted; however, it does not perform any network transmission or data leakage directly.",
  "flows": "Untrusted input (e.g., 'str' or 'text') flows into cryptographic functions (hashing or encryption). The Diffie-Hellman key setup generates keys internally and does not process external untrusted data.",
  "anomalies": "The use of 'aes-256-ecb' mode is insecure due to ECB mode's vulnerability to pattern leaking, but this is a cryptographic best practice concern rather than malicious intent. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The module offers cryptographic utilities: it sets up Diffie-Hellman parameters, hashes data with SHA-256, and performs AES encryption. The Diffie-Hellman setup uses standard parameters with no hardcoded keys or secrets. The SHA-256 function hashes provided input, which is typical. The AES encryption uses ECB mode with a provided 'privateKey'; ECB mode is insecure for many purposes but not malicious per se. No external network connections, data exfiltration, or backdoors are present. The code appears to implement standard cryptographic functions without malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code performs standard cryptographic operations with no evidence of malicious behavior or sabotage. It does not contain malware or suspicious activity, but the use of ECB mode is insecure cryptographically. Overall, it appears safe from a supply chain perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "report_number": 3
}