{
  "purpose": "Manages GraphQL schema types with Nexus, avoiding duplicates and converting schema definitions into Nexus types.",
  "sources": "External schema definitions ('dmmf'), method parameters ('customArg'), internal state variables tracking published types.",
  "sinks": "Nexus schema creation functions (e.g., Nexus.objectType, Nexus.scalarType, Nexus.enumType, Nexus.inputObjectType).",
  "flows": "Transforms external schema data into Nexus types, with internal checks to prevent duplicate publishing, and references existing types when available.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation, hardcoded secrets, or malicious code patterns detected. The code is straightforward and follows standard practices.",
  "analysis": "The code is a class that manages GraphQL schema type registration using Nexus, based on external schema data ('dmmf'). It tracks published types to avoid duplication and generates Nexus schema components accordingly. No network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection is present. The code is not obfuscated and appears to follow standard schema management practices. The primary security concern is reliance on external 'dmmf' data, which, if maliciously crafted, could introduce schema injection or poisoning. However, the code itself does not contain malicious logic. The malware score is 0, consistent with the absence of malicious behavior. The risk score varies slightly (0.1 to 0.3) across reports, with the higher value reflecting potential issues if external data is compromised. The obfuscated score is 0, as the code is clear and readable.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign schema management utility for GraphQL with Nexus. No signs of malware, obfuscation, or malicious intent are present. The main security consideration is the trustworthiness of external schema data ('dmmf'), which could be manipulated to introduce schema-based vulnerabilities. Overall, the code is safe, and the scores assigned in the reports are appropriate. No modifications are necessary.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}