{
  "purpose": "The code defines a PercentileRanking class to calculate percentile ranks of student grades using simple and complex methods, both for individual instances and static batch processing.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from the 'grades' array provided during instantiation or passed to static methods; individual 'item' objects containing student and grade properties are processed within calculation methods.",
  "sinks": "There are no explicit sinks that send data over the network, write to files, or perform system modifications. The code updates properties within grade objects but does not involve external data leaks or system commands.",
  "flows": "Grades array is read to compute ranks; individual grade objects are read and have their 'percentileRank' property set; static methods process external grade arrays and update individual grade objects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code structures. The code uses standard array filtering and mapping functions. No obfuscated code or dynamic evaluation is present. The use of Map is standard. No suspicious behaviors observed.",
  "analysis": "The class implements percentile rank calculations with both simple and complex methods, including caching results in a Map for efficiency. The methods process grades based on student identity and grade values. Static methods provide batch processing. The logic appears focused solely on statistical calculations without side effects or external communications. No signs of malicious code, data exfiltration, or sabotage are present. The code structure and syntax are clear, with no obfuscation or unusual patterns. The code does not perform any network requests, file operations, or system modifications.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a straightforward implementation of percentile ranking calculations with no evidence of malicious intent or security risks. It solely performs statistical computations on provided grade data. No malicious behaviors or security vulnerabilities are identified.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}