{
  "purpose": "This code provides utility functions for managing style modifiers in styled-components, allowing conditional styling based on component props and modifiers.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the 'props' object, particularly properties with optional '$' prefix, and modifier parameters passed to functions such as 'getObjMode' and 'getFnMode'.",
  "sinks": "Potentially unsafe usage occurs when 'props' are accessed dynamically, but no dangerous sinks such as network requests, system calls, or file operations are present. The code generates CSS styles using 'styled-components' functions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'props' into functions like 'getValueFromProps', then into style-generating functions 'getObjMode' and 'getFnMode', which produce CSS based on modifier values and conditions.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code, hidden code, or suspicious string manipulations detected. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or malicious payloads are present. The code is primarily utility functions for styling logic.",
  "analysis": "The code defines functions for extracting modifier values from component props, comparing them, and generating CSS styles conditionally. It handles multiple modifier formats (object and function modes). The functions include checks for undefined values, boolean conversion, and value comparisons. The overall structure appears to be straightforward style management logic without external data leaks, network operations, or system commands. No indicators of malicious behavior, such as data exfiltration, remote code execution, or backdoors, are found. The code is well-structured, with clear separation of utility functions and style logic.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a style utility module for styled-components, with no malicious behavior detected. It functions to generate conditional styles based on component props and modifiers. No security risks or malware signals are present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}