{
  "purpose": "The code provides a framework for mocking modules and executing scripts within a controlled context, primarily for sandboxed code execution or testing environments.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include the 'script' parameter, environment variables like '__filename', and file system reads via 'fs.readFileSync'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are the dynamic require function, 'fs.readFileSync', and script execution via 'vm.code'. These can lead to code injection or remote code execution if untrusted input is processed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external inputs (script, paths) through 'require' and 'fs.readFileSync' to be executed within the VM context; mocked modules may also alter data flow paths.",
  "anomalies": "The code uses extensive dynamic require mocking, path manipulation, and module resolution logic, which increases complexity. The use of 'with' in script wrapping can obscure flow control. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are evident. The 'requireMocking' feature could be exploited if misconfigured, but appears intended for controlled mocking.",
  "analysis": "The script sets up a sandboxed environment for executing arbitrary scripts with controlled module access. It uses proxies to intercept module and context interactions, dynamically mocks require calls, and reads files from the filesystem for execution. The pattern suggests use for testing or sandboxing rather than malicious intent. No signs of malicious behavior such as network connections, data exfiltration, or system damage are present. The code is complex but structured, with mechanisms for mocking and controlling module access. Potential concerns include the possibility of code injection if 'script' input is untrusted, but the code itself does not include malicious payloads or backdoors.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a controlled sandboxing utility designed for safe script execution with module mocking. There are no indications of malware, malicious behavior, or supply chain sabotage within this module. The complexity is primarily due to mocking features, not malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}