{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for styling with vanilla-extract, including defining style properties and creating sprinkles for design tokens.",
  "sources": "Imports from '@vanilla-extract/css', '@vanilla-extract/css/recipe', '@vanilla-extract/css/fileScope', and local modules; function parameters; hardcoded style values.",
  "sinks": "Calls to style() function, addRecipe() function, and export statements that generate CSS classes and recipes.",
  "flows": "Input data (style options, properties, conditions) flows into defineProperties and createSprinkles functions, which generate style classes and recipes; these are exported for use in styling components.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious dynamic code execution detected. No network calls, system modifications, or data leaks observed. Usage of known styling functions appears standard. The code is focused on CSS styling logic, with no malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily consists of functions for defining style properties and creating styling recipes using '@vanilla-extract'. It includes defineProperties to build style options with conditions and responsive arrays, and createSprinkles to generate style sprinkles with runtime considerations. The presence of deprecated aliases indicates maintained styling utilities, not malicious code. No suspicious or malicious code patterns, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors are found. The functions operate within standard styling logic, without network, file, or system access. The import statements and function calls are consistent with a legitimate styling utility library. Overall, the code appears legitimate and safe.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a styling utility module for vanilla-extract, containing no malicious behavior or security risks. It uses standard patterns for defining and creating style classes and recipes. No suspicious or malicious actions are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}