{
  "purpose": "The code generates a Webpack configuration for building a JavaScript project, specifically handling production and development environments, optimizing assets, and managing build output.",
  "sources": "The code reads environment variables (NODE_ENV), configuration files (@mara/x/config), and local files such as package configs and webpack base configs. It also reads process arguments and build options.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs Webpack configuration objects and potentially generates build files (JavaScript, CSS, HTML). It writes to filesystem and uses plugins to manipulate build output.",
  "flows": "Environment variables influence mode; configuration files and parameters influence webpack config properties; the build process produces minimized, hashed, and optimized assets based on inputs and environment settings.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns. Usage of well-known plugins and configuration patterns. No suspicious network connections or hidden behaviors detected. All dependencies are standard Webpack-related packages. No code injection or malicious logic observed.",
  "analysis": "The code constructs a Webpack configuration with environment-based settings, utilizes common build optimization plugins, and does not include any suspicious or malicious code snippets. It primarily focuses on build setup. No anomalies such as hidden network calls, credential handling, or malicious code are present. The logic is standard for a build configuration file. The code does not contain obfuscation or suspicious dynamic code execution. All external modules used are established build tools.",
  "conclusion": "This source code is a standard Webpack configuration generator for a build system, with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It performs its intended purpose securely without any malicious or harmful code segments.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}