{
  "purpose": "The code defines a retry wrapper function for handling retries with configurable delay, verbosity, and a before-retry hook. It also exports a decorator for applying this wrapper to class methods.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from function arguments, options parameter, and potential external callback functions like beforeRetry. No external data sources are explicitly read within the code itself.",
  "sinks": "No sensitive sinks or data exfiltration points are evident. The code mainly logs to console and calls passed-in functions.",
  "flows": "Function arguments flow through the retry logic; errors caught trigger delays and potential re-execution. No untrusted data flows into insecure operations or external systems.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns are present. The code is straightforward, with no obfuscated segments or hidden behavior.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a retry mechanism with configurable options, including delay and verbose logging. It uses a third-party 'decreator' library to create a decorator for wrapping class methods. The 'wrap' function manages retries, delays, and optional hooks. All logic appears standard for a retry utility, with no indication of malicious intent or suspicious behavior. There are no hardcoded secrets, external network calls, or malicious code injections.\n\nThe use of 'decreator' is purely for decorator purposes; no malicious behavior or backdoors are evident. The code handles errors by retrying, which is common in network or IO operations. It logs retries when verbose is enabled, which is typical for debugging.\n\nOverall, the code does not exhibit malware or security risks, and it appears to be a legitimate utility for retry logic.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of a retry decorator with configurable options. No malicious activity, suspicious behavior, or security vulnerabilities are detected. It is safe and does not pose supply chain risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}