{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebGL-based 3D model viewer specifically designed to load, render, and manipulate IFC models in wexBIM format. It provides functions for model loading, state management, styling, clipping, and interaction within a browser environment.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include URLs, Blob, or File objects passed to the load() method; model data is read via XMLHttpRequest, FileReader, and binary array buffers. Environment variables are not directly accessed; data is fetched or read from these sources. No untrusted input is processed without validation. No external or user-provided input is used in dangerous sink functions such as eval, exec, or system calls.",
  "sinks": "GPU buffers and textures are written with model data for rendering, but these are standard WebGL buffer and texture objects. No network or system calls, file modifications, or sensitive data leaks are observed. No suspicious network connections, reverse shells, or data exfiltration code are present. Shader code only performs standard graphics computations and color coding for picking.",
  "flows": "Input data (from URL, Blob, or File) flows into binary buffers, which are parsed into model structures, then transferred into GPU buffers and textures. Rendering uses shader programs that access these textures/buffers for visualization. Data flows from external sources into internal buffers but is managed within standard WebGL operations. No external network communication occurs during rendering or data processing.",
  "anomalies": "There are no signs of hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns. The code is complex but appears to be standard for 3D visualization, shader management, and interaction handling. No obfuscated code or strange variable manipulations are evident. The only notable aspect is the comprehensive shader code, but it performs typical ID and normal calculations. No suspicious logic or hidden behaviors detected.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive 3D IFC model viewer utilizing WebGL. It loads model data via XMLHttpRequest or FileReader, parses binary buffers into structured geometry data, then uploads to GPU buffers and textures for rendering. The code includes user interaction handling, styling, state management, clipping via SVG overlays, and multiple camera modes. No code executes external commands, network calls, or system modifications. Security-sensitive functions such as eval or dynamic code execution are absent. Shader code performs standard graphics computations for visualization and picking. The code is well-structured, without obfuscation or malware indicators. It does not process untrusted data in a malicious manner.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, complex, WebGL-based IFC model viewer with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It handles data securely within WebGL constraints, with no network exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful code. It is a standard implementation for 3D model rendering in browsers. Confidence score is high due to thorough analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}