{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebGL-based 3D viewer for IFC models, handling binary data loading, parsing, rendering, user interaction, and scene management.",
  "sources": "Binary data sources for model loading via URL, Blob, or File; input parameters for setting camera and scene states; user input events (mouse, scroll) for interaction.",
  "sinks": "WebGL textures and buffers for rendering; network requests for fetching model data; event handlers for user interactions and rendering updates.",
  "flows": "Model data is fetched or loaded from external sources, parsed into buffers, and uploaded to GPU textures and buffers. User inputs trigger scene transformations and scene updates. Rendering functions use these data to display the scene and handle interactions such as picking and clipping.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network connections are present. The code mainly manages scene rendering, user interaction, and data parsing. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic eval is detected. The shaders perform standard rendering tasks with ID-based coloring for picking, which is typical and not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code loads binary IFC data via XMLHttpRequest or FileReader, parses model geometry, and uploads buffers to GPU for rendering. It contains user interaction handlers for mouse events, camera control, clipping, and picking, with event-driven architecture. No external network communication beyond initial data fetch occurs. Shader code performs ID encoding/decoding and scene rendering without suspicious network activity or system access. It adheres to standard WebGL usage, with proper buffer and texture management, and no signs of code injection, data leakage, or malicious system manipulation.",
  "conclusion": "The code functions as a 3D IFC model viewer utilizing WebGL. It is well-structured, avoids suspicious behaviors, and does not contain malicious or sabotage code. All data handling and rendering operations are typical for such applications. No malicious intent is evident. Confidence score is high.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}