{
  "purpose": "This code is a comprehensive utility library providing functions for color conversions, string manipulations, cookie management, validation regexes, UUID generation, deep cloning, object merging, and tree data operations. It is intended for general application use, not for malicious activities.",
  "sources": "Reads from global objects such as window, navigator, location, and document; no external or untrusted data sources are actively invoked.",
  "sinks": "No network requests, file system access, dynamic code execution, or data exfiltration points are present. Functions operate within the local scope and manipulate data internally.",
  "flows": "Data flows are limited to internal function calls, regex matching, and data transformations within the library; no external or untrusted data flows to network or system resources.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation, no use of eval or Function constructors, no hidden payloads. UUIDs and color functions use Math.random(), which is not cryptographically secure but not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured utility library with standard functions for color conversion, string manipulation, validation, cloning, and data management. It does not perform any network activity, dynamic code execution, or access sensitive system resources. The use of Math.random() for UUIDs and colors is typical for non-security-critical identifiers. Regex patterns are used for validation but do not execute code or evaluate untrusted inputs beyond pattern matching. There are no obfuscated segments or hidden payloads. Overall, the code is benign, with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a benign, standard utility library with no malicious intent, sabotage, or security compromise signals. It is safe for use in production environments. The low malware score (0), no obfuscation (0), and minimal risk score (~0.1-0.2) are justified based on the analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}