{
  "purpose": "The code primarily defines constants, configuration objects, and extends the fabric.js library's prototype with custom properties and methods for a graphical application involving geometric points, map modes, and visual object styling.",
  "sources": "Imports Point.js; Reads image data URL for ICON; Reads properties from fabric.js Object and Group prototypes.",
  "sinks": "Uses base64 image data URL; Modifies fabric.js prototypes to customize object appearance and behavior.",
  "flows": "No external input data flows into sinks; Prototype modifications affect rendering and object behavior within fabric.js environment.",
  "anomalies": "Extensive modification of fabric.js prototypes including visual styling properties; Embedding base64 PNG directly in code; No input sanitization or dynamic code execution detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines static configuration objects for map modes, map settings, markers, and icons, including a base64-encoded PNG image. It imports a Point class, likely for geometric calculations. The fabric.js library's Object and Group prototypes are extensively customized to set visual styles such as border and corner colors, disable scaling flips, set corner styles, and define custom bounds calculation. These modifications appear to be for UI styling and interaction control. There are no indications of code that reads untrusted input, sends data externally, or executes dynamic code. The base64 image data is a standard embedded image, not malicious. Prototype modifications are for appearance and behavior customization, not malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily for configuring visual styles and behaviors in a fabric.js-based drawing or mapping application. No malicious behavior, backdoors, data exfiltration, or suspicious network activity are evident. The embedding of base64 image data is typical for icons. The prototype extensions serve styling purposes. Overall, the code appears benign and security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}