{
  "purpose": "The code is a build system for packaging applications across multiple platforms, including functionalities like fetching binaries, copying files, creating archives, and generating installers.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from configuration files, package manifests, environment variables, and input parameters for build tasks and version info.",
  "sinks": "Writes files (manifests, archives, installer scripts), executes system commands (rename, copy, chmod), and fetches external binaries or resources.",
  "flows": "Sources such as configuration and package data are used to generate build artifacts and scripts; these artifacts are then executed or saved, and system commands are run for renaming, copying, or modifying files.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns detected. The code uses standard modules and practices for build automation. No obfuscated code or misleading variables found. The code handles file operations and external fetches in a controlled manner.",
  "analysis": "The code is a typical build automation script with functions to assemble application packages, update resources, and generate installers across different platforms. It uses external libraries for file manipulation, archive compression, and system resource editing. All operations involve known safe tasks such as copying files, renaming, creating archives, and invoking external modules for packaging tasks. No code performs network communication with suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or hidden system access. External resources are fetched via legitimate modules designed for dependency management. There are no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage in the code structure, nor are there any hidden or obfuscated sections. The use of promises and asynchronous operations appears standard and controlled. Overall, the code functions as intended for application packaging without any malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a build automation utility for multi-platform application packaging. It performs file operations, resource modifications, and installer generation with standard libraries and practices. No malicious behaviors, sabotage, or malware are detected. The code appears to be safe and legitimate.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}