{
  "purpose": "This code implements a custom HTML parser with handling for comments, tags, attributes, and embedded scripting or templating syntax such as SWIG. Its primary purpose is to process HTML-like input streams for further handling or transformation.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the 'write' method parameter; the parser processes character streams from this input string.",
  "sinks": "The parser invokes callback handlers (onopentag, onclosetag, oncomment, ontext, ondoctype, onswig) with extracted data, which could potentially be misused if handlers perform unsafe operations. The parser itself does not directly write or transmit data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the input string through character-by-character processing, with extracted tags, attributes, comments, or script/style content being passed to handlers.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution detected. The code structure is straightforward. It does not hardcode secrets or credentials. No evidence of malicious backdoors or data leakage mechanisms. The handlers are external and could perform malicious actions if provided by an attacker, but this code itself does not contain such logic.",
  "analysis": "The parser processes input string character by character, managing various states for tags, comments, attributes, and embedded scripts. It contains typical HTML parsing logic, including handling for void elements, comments, and special tags like script and style. It includes functions for identifying tag boundaries, comments, and whitespace. No code patterns suggest obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or data exfiltration. The code relies on external handlers to perform actions on parsed content, which could be a security concern if handlers are malicious, but the parser code itself is benign.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard implementation of a streaming HTML parser with no inherent malicious behavior. Its security risk depends entirely on the handlers supplied externally. No malware or malicious code detected within this module. The code appears well-structured and transparent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}