{
  "purpose": "The code appears to implement React components and charting functionalities, including dynamic resizing and SVG rendering, for Wind Rose chart visualization.",
  "sources": "Reads from 'react', 'react/jsx-runtime', and 'react' hooks (useState, useEffect, useRef). It also requires 'WindRoseChart.component.js.map' source map.",
  "sinks": "Uses DOM manipulation, SVG element creation, and event handling within React component lifecycle hooks. No direct data leak or system command execution observed.",
  "flows": "React state and effect hooks manage data flow; chart data and dimensions flow from props and internal calculations to SVG rendering; no untrusted input handling or external data flows evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes a large amount of minified, complex JavaScript unrelated to core charting logic, which appears to be auto-generated or unrelated, possibly indicating obfuscation or leftover code. No clear hardcoded secrets or credentials. No suspicious network activity or file system access detected.",
  "analysis": "The code is mainly React component and charting library logic with standard usage of hooks and SVG rendering. The initial lines create utility functions and import React dependencies. The core 'Chart' component manages dimensions and renders SVG elements based on chart data. The presence of minified, unrelated library code might suggest obfuscation or residual code, but no malicious patterns such as system commands, network requests, or data exfiltration are present. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious external calls are found.",
  "conclusion": "The code is predominantly standard React and chart rendering logic with no apparent malicious intent. The complex minified code at the start and end appears unrelated to malicious behavior. Overall, it seems safe but the presence of obfuscated/minified auxiliary code warrants a low confidence note for further review if needed.",
  "confidence": 0.6,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}