{
  "purpose": "This code initializes and manages WebGL framebuffer objects (FBOs) for rendering effects, including shader compilation, texture setup, and rendering pipeline management.",
  "sources": "Data sources include input parameters such as 'fboSettings', 'options', and 'prevFboUniforms'. External shader files are loaded via require, and WebGL context 'gl' is used for GPU resource creation and manipulation.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include shader program creation, texture bindings, framebuffer configurations, and uniform updates. No direct data leak or external data transmission observed.",
  "flows": "Input data (settings, uniforms, external shader code) flows into shader assembly, FBO setup, and uniform initialization. Render function reuses textures (ping-pong) for feedback, updating uniforms and binding textures accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded secrets, credentials, or backdoors detected. Shader code is loaded externally, but nothing indicates malicious intent. The use of 'console.error' is standard for error reporting. No obfuscated code patterns or dynamic code execution are present.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes WebGL framebuffer objects with textures and depth buffers, handles shader compilation and uniform setup, and provides a render loop with texture ping-ponging for feedback effects. It includes proper resource cleanup and error handling. The use of external shader files loaded via require does not imply malicious behavior; this is typical in WebGL projects. No indications of malicious actions such as data exfiltration, system command execution, or hidden backdoors are present. The code focuses solely on graphics rendering pipeline management.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard WebGL framebuffer management module used for rendering effects. No malicious behavior, malware, or suspicious anomalies are detected. It follows typical patterns for WebGL applications with appropriate error handling and resource management.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}