{
  "purpose": "The code initializes and manages WebGL frame buffer objects (FBOs) with associated shaders, textures, and uniforms for rendering effects or processing in a graphics application.",
  "sources": "Input data includes fboSettings, options, prevFboUniforms, and shader header files, which are read during shader assembly, uniform initialization, and framebuffer creation.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks are WebGL API calls that modify textures, framebuffers, uniforms, and shader programs, and network functions could be called indirectly (not present here) if data leaks occur.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input variables (fboSettings, options) into shader code assembly and uniform data setup, then into WebGL calls for creating textures, framebuffers, and rendering. Uniform updates and rebindings occur during rendering, potentially including dynamic data.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are evident. Shader code is loaded from external files without apparent modification. The only potential concern is the use of await for camera and audio uniforms, which are standard initialization routines. Error handling uses console errors and exceptions, no covert communication or malicious payloads are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code systematically constructs FBOs with associated textures and shaders, handling setup and rendering. It dynamically injects shader code segments based on settings, initializes uniforms including camera and audio data, and manages texture ping-ponging for feedback effects. Error handling is standard. No code appears obfuscated or intentionally malicious. No external network activity, data exfiltration, or system compromise mechanisms are present.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a standard WebGL framebuffer utility with shader management and uniform updates. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware. The code is well-structured for graphics processing without suspicious side-effects.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}