{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript library called GraphQLNormalizr for normalizing GraphQL query data into entities and collections, facilitating easier cache management and data handling.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data in the 'normalize' function, which takes a data object; it also reads configuration options from the constructor parameters. No external data sources are accessed outside the provided data.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of console.warn for warnings, and the cache Map which stores normalized data with JSON stringified keys. No direct network or file system operations are performed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input 'data' through the 'normalize' function, which traverses the object structure, extracting entities, and storing them in a cache if enabled. Warnings are issued via console warnings during certain conditions.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscated code or unusual language features are present. The code contains extensive helper functions and conditional logic typical of a library. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic are evident. The only noteworthy behavior is the caching mechanism, which appears benign. The use of console.warn for warnings is standard.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a normalization utility for GraphQL responses, with configurable options for caching and data handling. It employs helper functions to navigate object structures, check types, and manage entities. The caching implementation is straightforward, storing normalized data keyed by JSON stringified input. The logic for traversing and normalizing data appears standard and safe. No network requests, file operations, or dynamic code execution are present. Warnings are issued via console warnings under specific conditions, which is typical for debugging or informing developers. There are no signs of data leakage, credential handling, or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured library for normalizing GraphQL data. No malicious intent, backdoors, or security risks are detected. It mainly performs data processing and caching with no network or system manipulation involved.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}