{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript module for normalizing GraphQL query responses, enabling easier data management in client-side applications by restructuring data into entities with unique IDs.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from input parameters in the normalize function, especially the 'data' property, and from GraphQL AST nodes during parsing and visit operations.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain any explicit sinks that send data over the network, write to files, or execute commands. It uses console warnings for certain conditions but does not perform harmful actions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into normalization and parsing functions, with internal processing involving recursive traversal and entity mapping. No external data is sent or external effects occur outside console warnings.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes only standard utility functions, data normalization logic, and GraphQL AST manipulation. There are no suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. All operations appear to be typical for a GraphQL normalization library.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a GraphQL normalization utility with functions to handle data restructuring, cache management, and GraphQL AST modifications. It contains typical security precautions such as avoiding dynamic code execution, avoiding unsafe data handling, and no signs of data leakage or malicious activity. The use of console warnings indicates non-intrusive developer alerts, not malicious behavior. The code relies on established libraries (graphql) and standard JavaScript features. No obfuscation or suspicious network activity is present.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard GraphQL normalization utility with no indications of malicious behavior or supply chain attacks. It functions within expected bounds for such a library, focusing on data processing and transformation. There are no signs of malware, data exfiltration, or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}