{
  "purpose": "This code defines an X360Controller class for managing a Xbox 360 controller via the ViGEm client, including input handling, notifications, and connection management.",
  "sources": "The code reads data from internal class properties (e.g., _notificationData), method parameters (opts), and external modules. It interacts with vigemclient library functions for device communication.",
  "sinks": "The code calls vigemclient functions for device allocation, registration, updating, and notification handling. No data is sent over the network or written to files; no sensitive data is stored or leaked.",
  "flows": "The code initializes controller inputs, registers notification callbacks, updates controller state, and manages connection status, with data flowing from internal states and external library functions, but no untrusted data flows into sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are observed. The notification callback correctly updates internal state without malicious side effects. The code uses standard class inheritance and method structures. No obfuscated code or unnecessary dynamic execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up a controller interface utilizing the vigemclient library, handling input mappings and controller notifications. It uses external library calls for device management and event emission for controller feedback. The notification callback updates internal state and emits events based on device vibration and LED status, with no signs of data exfiltration or malicious activity. The code appears well-structured, with no signs of sabotage or malicious behavior. It does not perform any network operations, data leaks, or system modifications beyond device interaction. The overall design follows expected patterns for such device management classes.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of an Xbox 360 controller interface using the vigemclient library. No malicious behavior, malware, or security risks are detected. It functions solely as a controller input/output handler without evidence of sabotage or malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}