{
  "purpose": "This code defines custom error classes related to sitemap validation and video metadata validation, providing specific error messages for various invalid inputs and states.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily through constructor parameters for error messages and validation contexts (e.g., URL, changefreq, priority, video properties). It does not explicitly read external input sources such as environment variables or network sources.",
  "sinks": "The code outputs error objects via exceptions, which could be logged or displayed; however, no direct sink such as network transmission, file writing, or system command execution is evident.",
  "flows": "The flow involves instantiating error objects with specific context data (e.g., URL, property values), which then throw exceptions if validation fails. These exceptions are caught by upstream logic outside this code segment; no external data flow or malicious manipulation is directly evident within this module.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward, defining error classes without any obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or hidden behaviors. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code snippets are present. Error messages are explicit and context-specific. The only minor concern is the presence of detailed error messages which could be used for information disclosure if exposed publicly, but this is standard for validation errors.",
  "analysis": "The code strictly defines custom error classes for validation failure scenarios related to sitemap and video data. All classes extend Error and include specific messages for different validation issues, capturing stack traces for debugging. There is no evidence of data collection, network communication, or malicious code execution. No suspicious or obfuscated language features are used. The code appears to be a utility module intended for input validation and error reporting, with no indication of malicious intent or malware. The design and implementation are consistent with standard validation error classes, and no anomalies suggest malicious activity.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a benign set of custom validation error classes used for sitemap and video metadata validation. There is no malware, malicious behavior, or security risks present. It is a straightforward utility module for error handling in validation processes.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}