{
  "purpose": "The code provides date utility functions for manipulation, formatting, and comparison within a calendar component, utilizing the date-fns library for date operations.",
  "sources": "Inputs include date parameters from external callers for functions like add, formatDate, startOf, endOf, isSame, isBetween, and normalize functions, as well as environment variables such as DEBUG and imported modules.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include console.debug statements (for debugging), unsupported() function throwing errors, and usage of date-fns functions that operate on input dates.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external inputs (dates, configuration flags) into date manipulation functions, which process and return manipulated date objects or formatted strings. Debug logs are generated based on the DEBUG flag; errors are thrown on unsupported parameters.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code. The only notable behavior is debug logging that discourages certain usage patterns, which is not malicious but indicates the code’s limitations. No suspicious network or system calls are present. The unsupported() function throws errors for unknown units, which is standard error handling.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily wraps date-fns functions for date operations and adds some utility functions like normalization, comparison, and formatting. Debug logs are conditionally printed, but they do not pose security risks. The use of environment variables for debug logging is typical. No code injection, data leakage, or suspicious network activity is detected. The functions operate on date objects and produce date or string outputs. There are no obfuscated patterns, hidden backdoors, or data exfiltration mechanisms. Overall, the code appears well-structured, standard, and free of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a set of date utility functions for a calendar component, with no evidence of malicious behavior or security risks. It includes standard operations and debug logs, but no harmful or sabotage-related code is present.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}