{
  "purpose": "Render a customizable animated progress circle component for React Native applications, with optional text display and animation support.",
  "sources": [
    "Imports from React, PropTypes, React Native ART, and a local Arc component.",
    "Component props such as progress, rotation, animated, and style, which may accept user input.",
    "ComponentDidMount method that adds a listener to the progress prop if animated.",
    "Render method that uses props and internal state to render SVG-like graphics and optional text."
  ],
  "sinks": [
    "Animated progress and rotation values that influence visual animation.",
    "Text rendering that displays progress percentage.",
    "Child components and styles."
  ],
  "flows": [
    "progress prop (or animated progress) flows into the angle calculation for drawing arcs.",
    "rotation animated value (if provided) influences the rotation transform of the Surface.",
    "progress listener updates internal progressValue state, which then influences rendering.",
    "formatText function, if customized, could influence displayed text."
  ],
  "anomalies": [
    "No hardcoded credentials or secrets present.",
    "No network requests, file operations, or system modifications detected.",
    "No obfuscated or minified code; code appears structured and standard.",
    "Listener attached to progress prop; if malicious, could potentially be used to trigger unintended side effects, but no malicious actions are evident here.",
    "All imported modules are from reputable sources or local components, no suspicious external code."
  ],
  "analysis": "The code is a React Native component for rendering an animated progress circle with customizable styles and behaviors. It utilizes animated values and React Native ART for graphics. The only dynamic behavior involves progress updates and optional rotation animations, controlled via props. The progress listener updates internal state but does not perform network operations or system modifications. No suspicious code or malicious intent is evident. The code is well-structured, uses standard React Native patterns, and does not contain any hidden or malicious logic.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate React Native component for progress visualization with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage. It reads user-provided props, updates internal state accordingly, and renders animated graphics. There are no malicious actions, backdoors, or security risks identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}