{
  "purpose": "This code provides utilities for managing, validating, and displaying environment variables for a Node.js application, including generating help text and example configurations.",
  "sources": "Process environment variables via 'process.env[name]' during 'readEnv' calls.",
  "sinks": "Potentially exposes environment variable values through error messages or console logs; also uses 'process.exit' which terminates the process.",
  "flows": "Environment variables are read in 'readEnv', validated, and then used in the configuration accessor; errors lead to console output and process termination.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or malicious code patterns such as network calls, file operations, or reverse shells. The code does not read or write files, access network, or execute dynamic code. It only reads environment variables and outputs to console.",
  "analysis": "The code focuses on environment variable management, validation, and output formatting. It reads data from 'process.env' and validates types and custom validators. No external network calls, no data exfiltration, no backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are present. The use of 'process.exit' is a normal way to handle validation failure. The code includes functions to generate help text and example '.env' configurations, which are standard practices. There are no indications of malware or malicious intent. The only potential risk is that environment variables may contain sensitive data, but this is typical and not malicious. Overall, the code appears purely utility-oriented with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript module provides environment variable handling, validation, and documentation functions without any malicious or suspicious code. It does not perform network operations, file manipulation, or other potentially harmful actions. The design is standard for configuration management in Node.js applications.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}