{
  "purpose": "The code dynamically adds SVG icon elements to the document body for UI rendering, likely for icon display purposes.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external input sources; it only operates on the DOM and internal string literals.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present; the code does not perform data leakage, network communication, or execute untrusted data.",
  "flows": "The code flows from DOMContentLoaded event handling to appending SVG icons, with optional URL rewriting in 'updateUseElements' if the protocol is 'file:'.",
  "anomalies": "The code sets svg.style.display to 'none', which is a benign action. The 'innerHTML' includes SVG markup with variable references (e.g., 'var(--color-text)'), but no external data or secrets are embedded. The 'updateUseElements' function modifies 'use' tags, but only replaces hrefs that include '#icon-'. No malicious URL or data is introduced.",
  "analysis": "The script checks if the document is loading and sets an event listener to add icons after DOM content is loaded. It creates an SVG element, inserts predefined icon SVG markup into it, and hides it by setting display to 'none'. The included SVG markup defines multiple icons with varying IDs and styles, utilizing CSS variables. The code's only dynamic behavior is in 'updateUseElements', which modifies 'use' elements' 'href' attributes to ensure they only reference internal IDs (via replacing the URL part before '#'). This is a common practice to prevent external resource linking, especially in local file contexts. There are no external network calls, no evaluation of untrusted input, no code execution, and no data leaks. The code is purely for icon rendering in a webpage. It does not contain obfuscation, malicious code, or suspicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign icon injection script designed for UI purposes. It does not exhibit malicious behavior, contains no hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or network activity. The only noteworthy behavior is the replacement of 'href' attributes in 'use' elements when on local files, which is a standard fix for SVG icon references. Overall, the script is safe and purely for rendering icons.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}