{
  "purpose": "The code provides utility functions for managing hierarchical data structures, including converting flat lists to trees, building trees, flattening, moving, adding, inserting, and removing items.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters such as 'items', 'itemData', 'index', 'targetIndex', and 'items' array elements' properties like 'parentId', 'id', 'path'.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks that handle untrusted data leading to data leaks or external effects; the code operates entirely in-memory without external network or system calls.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters into internal functions, where hierarchical relationships are manipulated through array filtering, sorting, and object property updates, then returned as new data structures.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code patterns are present. The only notable feature is the '__rest' helper, which is a common transpilation artifact, not obfuscation or malicious code.",
  "analysis": "The code is a set of standard hierarchical data management utilities using common JavaScript patterns and the 'immutability-helper' library for safe state updates. It does not include network activity, system commands, or obfuscated code. The '__rest' helper function is a transpilation artifact for object destructuring, not malicious. The functions perform predictable operations such as filtering, sorting, and updating nested data structures. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious behaviors are detected. The data flows are confined to in-memory structures, with no external interactions. The code's purpose is to facilitate tree manipulations, and it is implemented with clarity and standard practices.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, benign utility library for hierarchical data management. No malicious activity, obfuscation, or security vulnerabilities are present. The malware score is correctly set to 0, the obfuscated score to 0, and the overall security risk is minimal (~0.1). The assessments across all reports are consistent and justified. No further action is necessary.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}