{
  "purpose": "This module provides utilities for managing Docker-based test environments, including starting, stopping, cleaning up containers, and retrieving service information.",
  "sources": "Environment variables, imported modules, function parameters, and external files such as '.npmrc'.",
  "sinks": "Execution of shell commands (`exec`), environment variable manipulations, and external process interactions.",
  "flows": "Input data from environment variables and function arguments flow into shell commands and environment configurations; imported functions are called with these data, and their outputs influence subsequent commands.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code constructs are observed. The code heavily relies on external modules, which are presumed safe. Usage of console warnings for deprecated functions and verbose logging for environment variables is benign. No obfuscated or unusual code patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily orchestrates Docker environment setup and teardown, utilizing standard Node.js modules and custom utilities. It manipulates environment variables, calls external commands, and manages service states. No data leakage, malicious network activity, or suspicious behavior (like hidden backdoors or data exfiltration) is evident. External dependencies are presumed to be safe, and no dynamically executed code or obfuscated patterns are present. The use of environment variables is standard for configuration; no secrets or credentials are hardcoded. The functions operate within typical Docker management scopes, and there are no indications of malware or malicious payloads.\n\nOverall, the code demonstrates standard DevOps/CI tooling practices without malicious intent or security risks.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a typical Docker environment management utility with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It relies on external modules and environment variables for configuration, and it performs container orchestration tasks safely. No malware or malicious activity is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}