{
  "purpose": "The code provides a utility for managing Docker-based test environments, including starting, stopping, cleaning up containers, and performing health checks. It facilitates automated environment setup and teardown for testing purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include environment variables (process.env), user-provided configuration parameters, and files (e.g., .npmrc). The code reads environment variables, file contents, and function parameters.",
  "sinks": "Key sinks are Docker CLI commands executed via child_process.exec, environment variable assignments, and logging output. The code invokes external commands that could affect Docker containers and system state.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input sources such as environment variables and function parameters into environment variable setup, then into Docker CLI commands (docker compose up, cleanup functions). The environment variables and parameters influence command construction and execution. No data flows from untrusted external sources into untrusted sinks that lead to data leaks or malicious effects directly.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains no hardcoded secrets or credentials. No unusual or malicious code patterns are evident, such as network connections to suspicious domains, data exfiltration, or system damage routines. The use of function replacements and environment manipulation appears standard for environment setup. There is no evidence of code obfuscation, hidden backdoors, or malicious payloads.",
  "analysis": "The script is a standard environment management utility that orchestrates Docker containers based on configuration and environment variables. It uses well-known modules and practices for process execution, logging, and environment control. No suspicious logic or malicious behavior is identified. It does not perform any network connections to unknown hosts, manipulate system files outside the scope of Docker containers, or include hidden code. The use of exec to run docker commands is typical for such utilities. Overall, the code appears designed solely for environment automation without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a benign environment management script with no signs of malicious behavior or security risks. It handles environment setup and cleanup safely, relying on Docker commands and environment variables. No malicious or sabotage activities are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}