{
  "purpose": "This module provides various filter and formatting functions for tokens, including currency formatting, date formatting, JSON conversion, string case transformations, and data joining.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function parameters, such as numbers, strings, dates, objects, and arrays.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include the use of console.log and console.warn for output, and the JSON.stringify method for converting objects to JSON strings.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input parameters through formatting functions (e.g., filterCurrency, filterDate, filterToJSON) without evident transformation or external data transmission. The functions mainly process data locally.",
  "anomalies": "There are placeholder @TODO comments indicating incomplete implementations, especially in 'filterDate' and 'filterFilter'. The use of 'console.log' and 'console.warn' for diagnostic purposes is benign but notable. The 'parseutil' import is conditional, but not necessarily malicious. No hardcoded credentials or secret tokens are present. The code does not perform network operations or system modifications.",
  "analysis": "The module performs straightforward data formatting and filtering, with no evident malicious code such as data exfiltration, network connections, or backdoors. The 'filterCurrency' function logs currency types, but only outputs formatted strings. The incomplete 'filterDate' implementation indicates potential development in progress, but no harmful behavior is observable. The JSON conversion uses standard functions. No obfuscation or suspicious dynamic code execution is detected. The console outputs are for debugging and are not inherently malicious. Overall, the code appears to be a benign utility module with no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a utility filter module with no signs of malware or malicious behavior. It primarily processes data locally, with placeholders for future enhancements. There are no indications of security risks or malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}