{
  "purpose": "This module provides various formatting functions for processing tokens, such as currency formatting, date formatting, string case conversion, JSON serialization, and list joining, to be used in token handling within the larger application.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from function parameters: 'number', 'date', 'data', 'object', and 'string'. The code also imports configuration constants and utility modules, but does not read external data sources directly.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include calls to 'console.log' and 'console.warn', which could reveal sensitive data in logs, and 'JSON.stringify' in 'filterToJSON'. However, these are standard debug or serialization functions, not malicious by themselves. No network, file, or environment variable operations are performed.",
  "flows": "Input data flows into formatting functions, which process and return formatted data or logs. No untrusted data is directed to external systems or insecure sinks. The only data transformations are formatting and serialization, with no evidence of data exfiltration or malicious command execution.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains placeholder '@TODO' comments indicating incomplete implementation for date formatting and filtering, which might lead to unexpected behaviors if these functions are used without proper implementation. The function 'filterImplode' does not handle cases where 'data' is an array, despite documentation suggesting it accepts objects or arrays. The 'console' logging and warnings are typical debug patterns, not malicious but could leak data if logs are exposed. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The 'parseutil' import appears unused, which might indicate dead or incomplete code.",
  "analysis": "The code provides formatting utilities with no external network or file system interactions. The only suspicious aspect is the incomplete '@TODO' sections, which could lead to unexpected behavior if invoked, but do not constitute malicious activity. The logging statements are benign but could leak sensitive information if used improperly. The use of 'JSON.stringify' for JSON conversion is standard. No obfuscated or malicious code patterns are present. The code does not perform any malicious actions like data exfiltration, system manipulation, or covert backdoors. Overall, the code appears to be benign but incomplete.",
  "conclusion": "The code is primarily a set of formatting functions with no evidence of malicious intent. The main concerns are incomplete implementations ('@TODO') that could lead to runtime errors or inconsistent behavior if invoked. No malicious behavior or security risks are evident from the analyzed code, and it does not exhibit malware traits or malicious data flows.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}