{
  "purpose": "Provides a simple API with two routes, handling headers, request paths, and JSON bodies.",
  "sources": "Headers ('X-Forwarded-Proto', 'Host', 'headers', 'requestContext.path'), request body (JSON.parse(event.body))",
  "sinks": "Response headers (including 'link'), response body, URL construction from headers",
  "flows": "Headers and request data are used to construct response headers and URLs, then returned in responses",
  "anomalies": "Typo in 'reponseHeadersJson' variable name; no input validation or sanitization on headers or request body; URL and header construction from untrusted headers without validation",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward serverless API with routing based on event.path. It reads headers and request body, constructs response headers and URLs dynamically from headers, and returns JSON responses. No code execution, eval, or malicious payloads are present. The main issues are a typo in the variable name and reliance on headers for URL and header construction without validation, which could be exploited for header injection or URL manipulation. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, obfuscation, or malware. The code's simplicity and lack of malicious activity justify low malware and obfuscation scores. The security risk is minimal but slightly elevated due to potential header injection vulnerabilities, especially if headers are maliciously crafted. Fixing the typo and adding input validation/sanitization would mitigate these risks.",
  "conclusion": "The code is benign with minor security concerns related to lack of input validation and a typographical typo. No malware or obfuscation detected. The primary security consideration is to implement header and input sanitization to prevent header injection or URL manipulation. The malware score remains 0, obfuscated score 0, and the risk score around 0.2 to 0.3 to reflect these minor issues.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.3,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}