{
  "purpose": "This code provides an Angular directive and module for integrating Leaflet's drawing plugin into Angular applications, allowing users to draw shapes on maps and handle related events.",
  "sources": "The code reads data primarily from event listeners, configuration options (`leafletDrawOptions`), and the map object. It also accesses the map's feature group and manages control creation.",
  "sinks": "Event emitters expose draw-related events to other parts of the application; no external sinks or data leaks are directly evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user interactions on the map (drawing, editing, deleting) through event handlers that invoke `ngxLeaflet.LeafletUtil.handleEvent`, which then emits corresponding Angular events.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be a standard implementation of an Angular directive wrapping a Leaflet plugin. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code patterns are detected. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present. All external dependencies are properly required via CommonJS or AMD patterns.",
  "analysis": "The script defines an Angular directive and module to add drawing controls to a Leaflet map, with event handling for drawing, editing, and deleting features. It initializes options with default feature groups if none are provided, manages map controls, and emits events for map interactions. The code structure and logic are consistent with typical Angular and Leaflet integrations. There are no signs of malicious behavior, hidden code, or data exfiltration. External dependencies are standard and do not contain suspicious code by themselves.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate Angular wrapper for the Leaflet drawing plugin, intended for map drawing functionality. It contains no malicious behavior or security risks. The code structure is typical, and no anomalies or suspicious patterns are detected.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}