{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a syntax highlighting library, likely used for code prettification and formatting in web pages. It includes functions for parsing and styling code snippets, such as prettyPrintOne and prettyPrint.",
  "sources": "The code reads the global window object, element attributes, class names, and innerHTML for syntax highlighting. It also reads user input or code snippets provided for formatting via DOM elements.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include modification of DOM elements (innerHTML, parentNode), creation of new elements, and insertion of text nodes. No evidence of data being sent over network or external connections is observed.",
  "flows": "Input (code snippets or code strings) is processed through various parsing functions and then rendered into HTML elements with styling. The flow is mostly for rendering, not data flow from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors detected. The code contains complex regex-based parsing and syntax highlighting logic, which is typical for such libraries. No obfuscated code or dynamic code execution is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a syntax highlighting library, indicated by functions like prettyPrintOne and prettyPrint, which create formatted HTML representations of code snippets. The code employs regex and DOM manipulation for syntax highlighting. It does not perform network requests, access environment variables, or execute dynamic code based on untrusted input. No suspicious functions or patterns are identified. The complexity stems from the parsing and styling logic, which appears standard for such libraries.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a syntax highlighting library used for displaying formatted code snippets on web pages. It does not contain any malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It only manipulates DOM elements for styling purposes. Overall, it appears safe and typical for client-side syntax highlighting functionality.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}