{
  "purpose": "This code provides various GLSL shader programs for image filtering effects such as brightness/contrast, hue/saturation, sepia, vibrance, vignette, noise, pixelate, hexagonal pixelate, and blur.",
  "sources": "The code reads uniform parameters (e.g., brightness, contrast, hue, saturation, etc.) and texture data via sampler2D uniforms; it processes texCoord variables for pixel and fragment shading.",
  "sinks": "Shader programs output the final color to gl_FragColor; they do not perform network operations or system modifications.",
  "flows": "Input data from uniforms and textures flow through shader calculations to produce processed pixel colors, with no external or untrusted data transmission or system modification.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or hidden behaviors are detected. The code solely defines shader strings for visual effects.",
  "analysis": "The code consists entirely of GLSL shader program strings assigned to exports, used for image processing effects in WebGL or similar environments. The shader code performs standard color manipulations such as brightness, contrast, hue rotation, saturation adjustment, sepia tone, vibrance, vignette, noise addition, pixelation, hexagonal tiling, and blurring. No input/output beyond shader uniforms and texture sampling is evident. The 'gl_FragColor' output is standard for fragment shaders. The functions are straightforward, with no signs of malicious activity like data exfiltration, network calls, or system modifications. The 'random' function within the blur shader uses typical sine-based pseudorandomness, and the overall code appears as benign shader code for visual effects.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a collection of GLSL shader programs designed for image filtering effects. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or suspicious operations. The code is purely for visual transformations and does not perform any external communications or security-sensitive actions.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}