{
  "purpose": "This source code provides various GLSL fragment shader functions for image filtering effects such as brightness/contrast, hue/saturation, sepia, vibrance, vignette, noise, pixelate, hexagonal pixelate, and blur.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from a texture sampler ('texture' or 'uTexture') and various uniform parameters for adjustments. It also reads texture coordinates ('texCoord') and other parameters such as brightness, contrast, hue, saturation, etc.",
  "sinks": "The shader functions output to 'gl_FragColor', which affects rendering of images. No direct data leaks or external communications are evident within these functions.",
  "flows": "Data flows from 'texture2D' texture sampling (source) through processing computations, with parameters like brightness, contrast, hue, etc., serving as inputs. These parameters influence the output color 'gl_FragColor'. There are no external or network data flows.",
  "anomalies": "All code appears to be standard GLSL shader code for image effects. There are no suspicious code constructs, hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious logic. The 'random' function in the blur shader uses a typical pseudo-random approach based on 'gl_FragCoord', which is common for shaders. No obfuscated or malicious patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code consists solely of GLSL shader functions for visual effects, with clearly defined parameters, uniform variables, and standard computations. No external data handling, network activity, or suspicious logic is present. The code appears to be legitimate image processing shaders, with comments explaining each filter's purpose. The 'random' function in the blur shader is typical for shaders to generate pseudo-random noise; it does not introduce malicious behavior. Overall, the code is benign and intended for visual effects in graphics rendering.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a collection of GLSL shader functions for image filters and does not contain any malicious behavior or security risks. It functions solely to modify visual appearance and does not perform any external data transmission or harmful operations. There is a very low likelihood of malicious intent.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}