{
  "purpose": "The provided code defines multiple GLSL shader programs for image processing effects such as brightness/contrast, hue/saturation, sepia, vibrance, vignette, noise, pixelation, hexagonal pixelation, and blur. These shaders are intended for use in graphical applications to apply visual filters to images or textures.",
  "sources": "Shader code strings that are assigned to exports for use in WebGL or similar environments; no external data reads or input sources are present within this code.",
  "sinks": "No direct sinks are present in the code; it only defines shader code strings. There are no data leaks, network connections, or system modifications initiated within this code segment.",
  "flows": "There are no source-to-sink data flows, as this code solely defines shader source strings used for graphical processing. No runtime data handling or external communication occurs within this code.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies or suspicious code patterns are present. All code appears to be standard GLSL shader definitions for image effects. There are no hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious behaviors detected. The only notable aspect is the use of a random function in the blur shader, which is typical for stochastic sampling but does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "analysis": "The code consists of multiple GLSL shader source strings assigned to exports, each implementing common image filters. These shaders operate solely on texture data in the GPU pipeline and do not include any network activity, file system access, or system commands. The random function in the blur shader is a typical pseudo-random generator used for sampling variation, not for malicious purposes. There are no indications of data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious logic. All code conforms to standard shader practices for visual effects.",
  "conclusion": "The code contains only GLSL shader definitions for image processing filters. There is no malicious behavior or sabotage present. The code is consistent with normal shader implementations and does not pose security risks. It appears to be a legitimate collection of visual filter shaders.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}