{
  "purpose": "This code defines a Promise-based monad for handling success and error states, specifically using a custom 'Pronad' structure to encapsulate left (error) and right (value) states. It appears to facilitate functional programming patterns with Promises, especially for managing errors.",
  "sources": "The code reads from imported modules (./Pnd), and functions accepting or returning Promise objects, including Promise.prototype methods.",
  "sinks": "The code modifies Promise.prototype by adding a 'map' method, which internally calls a function 'fn' with the Promise resolution value, potentially allowing untrusted code to be executed if 'fn' is user-defined. However, 'fn' is expected to be a normal function, not executing untrusted input directly.",
  "flows": "Promises resolve with 'pndVal' objects containing 'state' and 'left'/'right' data. The 'map' method processes these values, applying 'fn' to 'val.right' if the state is 'PND_RIGHT'. This source-to-sink flow is safe if 'fn' is trusted.",
  "anomalies": "There are commented-out sections indicating incomplete or planned features like 'rejMap', 'chain', 'tap', etc., but these are inactive. The only active modification is adding 'Promise.prototype.map'. The code does not contain hidden backdoors, obfuscated code, or unusual behavior beyond typical functional programming patterns.",
  "analysis": "The code is a straightforward implementation of a Promise monad with 'Pronad' encapsulation for error handling. It relies on imported 'Pnd' constants for managing left/right states. The 'monadifyPromises' function extends the Promise prototype with a 'map' method that handles these states, applying a function to successful values. There are no indications of malicious behavior, such as network activity, data exfiltration, or code injection. The commented-out sections suggest potential future extensions but do not impact current functionality. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or suspicious patterns are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a benign functional programming utility to enhance Promise handling with custom error/state management. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. The only modification to Promise is the addition of a 'map' method, which is not inherently dangerous.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}