{
  "purpose": "This code implements a WebGL-based IFC model viewer, capable of loading, parsing, and rendering 3D models with interaction features such as selection and clipping. It handles binary data from external sources, manages GPU buffers and textures, and uses shaders for visualization and object picking.",
  "sources": "External model files loaded via URL, Blob, or File; data read through XMLHttpRequest, FileReader, and binary parsing routines.",
  "sinks": "GPU buffers and textures for rendering; no external network activity or data exfiltration; no code execution or environment variable access based on input data.",
  "flows": "Data flows from external sources into binary buffers, then into GPU textures and buffers for rendering; user interactions modify scene state but do not trigger external communication.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, backdoors, dynamic code evaluation, or obfuscation detected. Shader routines for ID encoding/decoding are standard for picking, not malicious.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard, open-source WebGL IFC viewer. It loads models via standard web APIs, parses binary data into GPU buffers, and uses shaders for visualization and object picking. No network exfiltration, code injection, or malicious behavior is present. Shader routines are typical for ID encoding. The code is well-structured and not obfuscated. Data flows are confined to GPU resources, with no external communication or environment variable access. The security risk is negligible, with a malware score of 0, obfuscation score of 0, and a very low risk score (~0.1) due to routine shader complexity.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, well-structured open-source WebGL IFC viewer with no signs of malicious activity, sabotage, or security vulnerabilities. It operates within standard practices for binary data parsing, GPU resource management, and scene interaction. The detailed shader routines are typical for object picking and visualization, not malicious. The data flows are internal, with no external exfiltration or code injection. The overall security risk is effectively zero.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}