{
  "purpose": "The code provides a web-based 3D viewer for IFC models in wexBIM format using WebGL technology, supporting model loading, rendering, interaction, styling, and clipping.",
  "sources": "User inputs include model URL or Blob/File objects for loading, and event interactions such as mouse clicks, double clicks, and mouse movements for picking, clipping, and camera control.",
  "sinks": "Potential data leaks could occur if user inputs or event data are improperly processed, but the code primarily manages rendering; it does not transmit or store data externally. Textures and buffers are handled internally for rendering purposes.",
  "flows": "Sources like model loading and user interactions flow into rendering and event handling mechanisms. No external network flows or data exfiltration code are present; data flows are confined within buffers, textures, and shader uniforms for visualization.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or hidden network communication. The code uses standard WebGL and JavaScript features; no dynamic code evaluation or obfuscation is detected. License and version comments indicate maintenance and generation by external tools but no malicious intent. The code handles error states properly and does not include any suspicious data handling outside visualization.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive, standard implementation of a WebGL-based 3D model viewer for IFC data. It handles model loading, shader compilation, user interaction, rendering modes, styling, and clipping, all within expected patterns. No network calls, data exfiltration, or malicious behaviors are detected. It makes use of conventional WebGL practices and binary data parsing for models, with no obfuscated or suspicious code patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate, well-structured 3D viewer without any malicious behavior. It primarily manages visualization and user interaction with IFC models and does not contain malware or security risks. The confidence level is high given the static analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}