{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WebGL-based 3D viewer for IFC and wexBIM models, including model loading, rendering, interaction, and scene management functionalities.",
  "sources": "Sources of data include model files loaded via URL or Blob/File objects; binary data read via xBinaryReader during model parsing; user input events (mouse, wheel) for interaction; environment variables for WebGL extensions and capabilities.",
  "sinks": "Data flows from binary buffers and textures into GPU memory; user interactions and camera controls; rendering output to WebGL canvas; reading pixel data for ID selection and scene querying.",
  "flows": "Model binary data flows through xBinaryReader to populate buffers; model data is transferred into GPU textures/buffers in feedGPU(); user input events alter camera/view parameters; rendering pipeline uses shaders with uniform/attribute inputs; ID picking renders to offscreen framebuffer and reads pixel data to identify objects.",
  "anomalies": "No hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network connections are present. The code relies on standard WebGL extensions and browser APIs. No obfuscated or suspicious language features. All external calls are limited to WebGL setup, model loading, and user interactions. No malicious privacy violations or unauthorized data access are detected. The code appears to be a legitimate, comprehensive 3D viewer implementation.",
  "analysis": "The code begins with license notices and utility functions for WebGL setup and matrix operations, indicating standard library integrations. Model loading is handled via XMLHttpRequest, FileReader, and Blob/File inputs, with no network destinations or data exfiltration seen. Model parsing via xBinaryReader strictly reads binary data into buffers; no network communication or sensitive data is transmitted. GPU buffers and textures are used exclusively for rendering. User interaction handlers update view matrices and scene parameters; no code indicates data leakage or external control channels. Shader code uses typical lighting, ID encoding, and clipping logic without hidden network activity. No obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or suspicious language features are present. External dependencies are only standard WebGL extensions and matrix libraries, no external servers or hidden commands. Overall, the code functions as a secure, transparent WebGL IFC viewer with no signs of malicious behavior or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The examined code is a standard, well-structured WebGL IFC viewer implementation. It uses common web APIs and libraries for binary data processing, rendering, and interaction. No malicious behavior, sabotage, or security risks are evident. The code appears safe for use, with no signs of malware, data leaks, or covert channels. Confidence score is high.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 4
}