{
  "purpose": "The code implements a WebGL-based 3D model viewer for IFC/wexBIM files, providing functionality for model loading, rendering, interaction, and scene management.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include URLs, Blob, or File objects for model data; user interactions via mouse events; and shader source code embedded as strings within the script.",
  "sinks": "Data flows into GPU textures and buffers for rendering; user input affects camera controls and scene interactions; shader programs process model visualization; and event handlers propagate user interactions and scene updates.",
  "flows": "Model data loaded via load() → parsed into buffers and textures → feedGPU() uploads data to GPU → draw() renders scene → user interactions (mouse/keyboard) modify scene state and trigger events → scene updates and re-rendering.",
  "anomalies": "The shader code includes complex encoding/decoding routines for ID-based coloring and float retrieval from textures, which are intended for picking and ID rendering, not malicious activity. The code contains extensive support for model and scene management, with no signs of network or data exfiltration, backdoors, or covert communications. No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. The code appears to rely solely on standard web APIs and OpenGL/WebGL functionalities, with no obfuscated or misleading variable names or code sections.",
  "analysis": "The script is a comprehensive WebGL IFC viewer with features for loading models, rendering with shaders, user interaction, and scene control. The shader programs encode ID information into colors for picking, but this is a standard technique for 3D model pick identification and not malicious. The binary reading functions parse custom binary model formats into GPU buffers and textures. No suspicious network calls, external data exfiltration, or system commands are present. The code does not access environment variables, perform system modifications, or execute dynamic code beyond WebGL shader compilation and data processing routines. The inclusion of utility libraries for vector/matrix math is standard. Overall, the code functions as intended for 3D model visualization without any malicious behavior detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a detailed, open-source WebGL IFC model viewer with sophisticated model parsing, rendering, and interaction features. It contains no signs of malware, malicious data flow, or sabotage. The complex shader routines are used for ID picking and visualization, which are common in graphics applications. No evidence suggests malicious intent or security risks beyond standard rendering functionalities.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}