{
  "purpose": "The code functions as a web scraper for The Movie Database (TMDb), retrieving movie and TV show information from the website by making HTTP requests and parsing HTML content.",
  "sources": "Reads URLs to fetch HTML content, including user inputs for search queries, media IDs, and pagination parameters. Inputs are primarily from function parameters and URL construction.",
  "sinks": "Uses the 'request-promise' library to perform HTTP GET requests, and cheerio to parse HTML content. No dangerous sinks such as code execution, system commands, or file operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input search terms and IDs are used to construct URLs; these URLs are fetched via HTTP requests; HTML responses are parsed to extract data such as genres, titles, and scores. Data flows from user inputs through URL construction and HTTP responses, with no data injection or code execution based on untrusted data.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns detected. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The code performs standard web scraping with proper input encoding and URL construction. There are no indications of malicious data leakage, code injection, or external network connections outside legitimate HTTP requests.",
  "analysis": "The code uses standard libraries for web scraping ('request-promise', 'cheerio', 'lodash') and performs typical operations such as URL construction, HTML parsing, and data extraction. There are no signs of malicious behavior, such as sending system data over the network, executing arbitrary code, or accessing sensitive system resources. The only external interactions are HTTP requests to a known public website, and no dynamic code execution or data exfiltration mechanisms are found. The code appears well-structured for its purpose, with proper handling of input parameters. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious behaviors are observed.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical web scraper for TMDb with no evident malicious intent or security risks. It adheres to standard practices and does not perform any malicious actions such as data theft, unauthorized network connections, or code injection. Overall, it is a benign, purpose-driven scraping utility.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}