{
  "purpose": "The code is a web scraper designed to gather information about movies and TV shows from the website themoviedb.org, including searching, pagination, and detailed media info retrieval.",
  "sources": "The code reads input parameters such as search queries, IDs, and URLs; it fetches HTML content from external URLs via 'request-promise'.",
  "sinks": "It processes and parses fetched HTML data; calls to 'request-promise' are used for fetching web pages. The code also constructs URLs dynamically based on inputs.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (search terms, IDs) are used to generate URLs, which are fetched; the HTML content is parsed to extract media info, genres, and other details; data flows from network requests to data extraction functions.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. The code appears standard for a web scraper. The only potential concern is reliance on external URLs without validation, but that is typical for scraping scripts. No obfuscated or misleading code detected.",
  "analysis": "The script utilizes well-known modules ('request-promise', 'cheerio', 'lodash') for web scraping and data manipulation. It constructs URLs dynamically based on inputs and fetches HTML pages for parsing. Functions like 'getGenres' and 'getMovieMainInfo' extract data from HTML DOM elements, following standard scraping practices. No dynamic code execution, eval, or malicious payloads are present. External requests are made straightforwardly to 'themoviedb.org'. There is no evidence of code injection, backdoors, or data exfiltration routines. Overall, the code is a typical web scraper with no malicious intent or suspicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard web scraping utility targeting themoviedb.org, with no signs of malicious behavior or malware. It performs data fetching and parsing for media information. No malicious signals or security risks are identified. Its behavior aligns with legitimate scraping activities without harmful intent.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}