{
  "purpose": "This module scrapes movie and TV show information from The Movie Database website, providing functions to search, retrieve details, and navigate through media data.",
  "sources": "Input data sources include URLs, search query parameters, and HTML content fetched via 'request-promise'.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include URL requests (rp), data parsing and processing functions, and external module calls, which handle external HTML data and media info.",
  "flows": "Input (search parameters, URLs) -> HTTP requests (rp) -> HTML parsing with cheerio -> Data extraction (titles, ids, images, genres) -> Promises resolving to media info objects.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets. No suspicious dynamic code execution. Usage of third-party libraries appears standard. The code structure is straightforward, with no obfuscated or minified code. No hidden network calls or malicious data leaks are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a web scraper designed to extract media data from a public website. It employs 'request-promise' for HTTP requests, cheerio for parsing HTML, lodash for data manipulation, and local modules for detailed info. The functions systematically build URLs, fetch pages, parse media information, and handle pagination. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or unusual code constructs are present. All external calls are to the target website or libraries with known purposes. No suspicious data exfiltration, backdoors, or malicious network activity are apparent. The code adheres to standard scraping practices, with no signs of malware or malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "This JavaScript code functions as a media scraper for The Movie Database website. It operates using common web scraping techniques without any indications of malicious intent or sabotage. No malware behaviors, such as data theft, unauthorized network activity, or backdoors, are detected. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}