{
  "purpose": "The code provides a React component for image cropping and editing, allowing users to upload images, crop, rotate, zoom, and then save the processed image. It is intended for user interface enhancement in web applications.",
  "sources": "Input sources include image files selected via an upload input, which are read through FileReader to generate a data URL; also, properties like src passed to the component.",
  "sinks": "Processed image data is converted to blob and File objects, which are passed to callback functions for upload or further processing. No network requests or data leaks are explicitly present within this code.",
  "flows": "User uploads an image -> FileReader reads file data -> Image is displayed in cropper -> User manipulates image -> Cropped data is converted to blob/File -> Callback functions handle upload or further processing.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets; no obfuscated code, dynamic code execution, or suspicious variable names; the code primarily handles image processing and UI interactions.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component for image cropping, with typical handlers for image upload, crop manipulation, and exporting cropped images. It uses standard React hooks, PropTypes validation, and third-party libraries such as react-easy-crop and antd components. No suspicious network calls, data exfiltration, or malicious behaviors are evident. There are no indications of malicious code such as system commands, hidden backdoors, or data leaks. All input handling appears standard, and the image data is processed locally before being passed to callback functions. The component offers user controls for zoom and rotation, which are securely managed within the component state. No use of eval, dynamic script execution, or external code loading is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical React-based image cropper with no signs of malicious behavior. It focuses on user interface and image processing with standard libraries. There are no indications of malware or security risks within this module.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}