{
  "purpose": "The code provides a React-based image cropping component with modal controls, allowing users to upload, crop, rotate, and zoom images within a modal interface.",
  "sources": "Data is read from file input via the beforeUpload hook, which uses FileReader to load images as data URLs; user interactions with sliders and buttons; image media loaded event.",
  "sinks": "Rendering of the image cropper component; creation of a canvas element for image processing; conversion of canvas to Blob and File objects for uploading; potential network requests when uploading files.",
  "flows": "File input triggers FileReader to load image (source). User manipulates zoom/rotation controls (source). Cropped area data (source) is used to process image via canvas (sink). Final image Blob or File is passed to upload or callback (sink).",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code constructs detected. No suspicious network activity or system modifications. The code performs expected image processing tasks using standard APIs. No obfuscated code or unexpected eval-like constructs.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily implements an image cropper UI with upload capabilities, handling image loading via FileReader, image manipulation with react-easy-crop, and final image processing via canvas. The image processing involves cropping, rotating, and zooming, which are all performed within the browser. The final step converts the cropped image into a Blob and File object, then invokes callbacks for upload or further processing. The code relies on standard React and DOM APIs with no evidence of malicious behavior. No network requests are embedded in the code, and no data exfiltration mechanisms are apparent. No use of dangerous eval, dynamic code execution, or hidden backdoors are present.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard React image cropping component with upload functionality. It does not contain malicious behavior or sabotage indicators. Its operations are confined to client-side image processing, with no signs of malware, data theft, or security risks.",
  "confidence": 1.0,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}