{
  "purpose": "Implement a spatial navigation system for keyboard or remote control navigation across webpage sections and elements, managing focus and navigation events.",
  "sources": "Reads input events (keydown, keyup, focus, blur, click), DOM element attributes (like data-sn-<direction>), and section configurations. Uses document.querySelectorAll for DOM querying.",
  "sinks": "Dispatches custom events (e.g., willfocus, focused, willunfocus, unfocused, navigatefailed), DOM focus and blur methods, and possibly scrollIntoView. Also potentially accesses and manages DOM elements and their attributes.",
  "flows": "Input events (keydown, focus, blur) trigger navigation logic; focusElement updates focus and fires events; focusNext determines next focusable element via navigate, which computes the best candidate based on spatial algorithms; event dispatches and DOM focus/blur constitute source-to-sink flows.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors present. The code appears structured for navigation. No suspicious network activity, external data exfiltration, or system modification is detected. It is a standard spatial navigation implementation with no hidden malicious behavior. The code includes extensive event handling and DOM querying but no unusual dynamic code execution or obfuscated parts. No evidence of malware or malicious privacy violations.",
  "analysis": "The code implements spatial navigation logic, including element detection, focus management, event dispatching, and navigation algorithms based on spatial partitioning and distance metrics. No network communication, data exfiltration, or system modifications are present. No obfuscated code or suspicious external calls. The code maintains standard practices for accessibility and focus management, with clear separation of concerns. No malicious patterns or behaviors identified.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard, well-structured spatial navigation library with no malicious intent or behavior. It manages focus and navigation within web pages, dispatches appropriate events, and handles user input securely. No signs of malware or security risks are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}