{
  "purpose": "This code provides functions to parse and extract information from AAC, H264, and HEVC video and audio stream configurations, primarily for media processing or streaming purposes.",
  "sources": "Input data read from buffers, primarily in functions like getSampleRate, getObjectType, readAACSpecificConfig, readH264SpecificConfig, and readHEVCSpecificConfig, which process sequence headers and configuration buffers.",
  "sinks": "No explicit sinks for untrusted data that could cause harm; data is processed internally to extract media parameters. There are no network calls, file writes, or system commands that act as sinks.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input buffers (sequence headers, configuration buffers) into parsing functions, where bitstream data is read and interpreted into media parameters. No external or untrusted data flows into potentially dangerous system actions.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors are present. The code mainly consists of parsing routines and constant definitions. No dynamic code execution, evals, or suspicious network activity is detected.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a set of parsers for media stream configurations, with functions that interpret binary data into media stream properties. It uses bitstream reading functions to parse specific headers for AAC, AVC, and HEVC formats. No signs of malicious activity, such as code injection, data exfiltration, or network communication, are present. The functions are standard for media processing and contain no obfuscated or suspicious logic. The code does not include external system commands, network requests, or storage operations that could be malicious.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of media configuration parsers with no evident malicious behavior or security risks. It does not perform any network communication, data leakage, or system modification. It is safe based on the current analysis.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}