{
  "purpose": "This code provides parsing functions for AAC, AVC, and HEVC sequence headers to extract media stream configuration details such as profile, sample rate, resolution, and other codec parameters.",
  "sources": "The code reads binary data from input buffers (e.g., AAC, AVC, HEVC sequence headers) using the Bitop class, primarily through method calls like read(), read_golomb(), and look().",
  "sinks": "The code does not include any direct output to external systems, network connections, or data storage. No external sinks are present that process untrusted data beyond reading input buffers.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input buffers (sequence headers) into parsing functions which process and extract parameters; no external data is written or transmitted; the functions primarily return parsed info objects.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to perform straightforward parsing without obfuscated or misleading constructs. No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are evident. The code is well-structured and lacks suspicious or unusual code segments.",
  "analysis": "The code is designed to parse media configuration headers for AAC, AVC, and HEVC formats. It utilizes a Bitop class to read bits and parse variable-length codes. The functions extract stream parameters such as profile, sample rate, width, height, and other codec-specific data. No indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network activity, or backdoors are present. The parsing logic is standard for media codecs. There is no evidence of code injection, data leakage, or hidden malicious intent. The code operates solely on provided binary input buffers and does not process external untrusted data beyond this scope.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate media header parser with no signs of malware or malicious intent. It performs standard extraction of codec parameters, which is common in media processing applications. No malicious behaviors or security risks are detected based on this code fragment.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 1
}