{
  "purpose": "This module generates and exports Hogan.js templates for different environments, such as AMD, CommonJS, Node.js, and various template patterns. Its purpose is to prepare templates for rendering using Hogan.js.",
  "sources": "Require statements for 'hogan.js' and 'templates' data, which are used to generate Hogan templates; data within templates like 'name', 'template', 'comma', and 'exportName'.",
  "sinks": "The code does not contain explicit sinks for untrusted data that could lead to data leaks or code injection. It mainly constructs template objects and exports them.",
  "flows": "Templates data (such as 'name', 'template', etc.) flow into Hogan.Template constructors and into the exported template objects, but these are static template strings generated at build time, not runtime untrusted inputs.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code behaviors are present. The code uses standard require statements and Hogan.js template creation; it is heavily focused on template construction with no dynamic code execution or network operations.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily initializes Hogan.js templates with static template strings, then exports them in different module formats suitable for various JavaScript environments. It includes multiple templates for different contexts, each defined using Hogan's templating system. There are no indications of malicious code, such as network calls, data exfiltration, or code injection. The code's structure is consistent with a code generator or build artifact, as noted by the initial comment. The use of 'require' and template instantiation is standard and does not involve dynamic or untrusted data sources. No obfuscation, encryption, or hidden backdoors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "This source code appears to be a standard, generated template module for Hogan.js templates. It does not contain malicious behavior or security risks. It serves as a static asset for rendering templates and is safe for use.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 2
}