{
  "purpose": "This code appears to define a custom web component called 'nightingale-colored-sequence' which involves creating and rendering SVG-based sequence visualizations with color scales, gradients, and user-defined attributes for visual representation.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from HTML attributes such as 'scale' and 'color-range'; the code reads properties and attributes from the custom element, and external dependencies are imported from npm packages '@nightingale-elements/nightingale-sequence' and '@nightingale-elements/nightingale-new-core'.",
  "sinks": "Potential untrusted data flows into SVG element attributes (like 'fill', 'width', 'height', 'x', 'stop-color') and DOM manipulations, which could influence visual rendering. No direct network or system calls are present. There is no evident data leakage, injection, or unsafe use of environment variables.",
  "flows": "Attributes such as 'scale' and 'color-range' are read from element properties; these influence color scale calculations and SVG gradient fills. Data from 'sequence' property influences rectangle ('rect') rendering and color stops. The code also reads attribute values for scale parsing, which affect SVG rendering. No network or external system data flows are detected.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes extensive, complex utility functions for color parsing and number formatting, which appear unrelated to malicious activity. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code snippets such as network requests, system modifications, or obfuscated code are present. Usage of 'WeakMap' for internal state is standard. The code includes non-obfuscated, complex logic, but no malicious patterns are evident.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a web component with properties 'scale' and 'color-range' that affect its SVG rendering behavior. It imports dependencies for sequence and core logic, and defines methods to parse color scales, create SVG gradients, and render sequence visuals. The logic for SVG manipulation and attribute reading is straightforward and standard for data visualization components. No network operations, file modifications, or suspicious data handling are present. The complex utility functions for number and color formatting appear to be part of the visualization logic, not malicious. The code's structure and variable names are consistent with open-source visualization libraries, and no obfuscated or hidden behaviors are detected.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code is a standard implementation of a custom web component for sequence visualization, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It reads data from element attributes, processes it for visual rendering, and manipulates SVG elements accordingly. There are no signs of malware, backdoors, or security risks. The code appears benign and intended solely for visual data representation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}