{
  "purpose": "This code appears to implement a visualization mapping technique called Radviz, mapping multi-dimensional data onto a 2D plane for visualization purposes.",
  "sources": "Reads input data via the 'data' parameter, 'labelTextMapping', 'labelAngleMapping', and optional 'textAccessor'. Uses these to generate mapped points and labels.",
  "sinks": "Calculations and transformations on data points and labels; no external sinks or data leaks identified.",
  "flows": "Data flows from input 'data' through normalization, coordinate transformation, border calculations, and optional zooming, resulting in mapped points with angular and radial coordinates, and label positions.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual or suspicious code behaviors; uses standard mathematical transformations, proper variable scoping, and common visualization logic. No hardcoded secrets, backdoors, or malicious constructs detected.",
  "analysis": "The code performs mathematical computations for data normalization and coordinate mapping based on specified angles. It uses trigonometric functions for coordinate transformations, implements border functions to constrain points within a visualization boundary, and normalizes or zooms points as needed. All functions and data flows are consistent with data visualization practices. There are no signs of obfuscated code, malicious network activity, or secret data collection. External dependencies are standard libraries for array operations and scales, which are safe. The code does not perform any external network requests, file modifications, or system commands. No anomalous or malicious logic is present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard implementation of a data visualization mapping technique with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It operates solely on input data to produce visualization coordinates and labels. There are no suspicious behaviors or malicious functionalities detected.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}