{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Loess (locally estimated scatterplot smoothing) regression model with prediction and grid functions, used for data smoothing and visualization in statistical analysis.",
  "sources": "Input data includes parameters 'data' and 'options' passed to the Loess constructor, and 'data' in the predict method. Environment variables are not used. External modules such as mathjs, lodash.sortby, gaussian, and internal validation/helpers functions are imported.",
  "sinks": "The code does not write to external files, databases, or network. It processes input data and produces numerical output objects containing fitted values, residuals, weights, and confidence intervals.",
  "flows": "Input data flows from constructor and predict method parameters, processed through normalization, polynomial expansion, and distance calculations. These flows lead to weighted least squares computations. Results (fitted values, residuals, betas, weights, interval widths) are returned as objects.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code constructs, hardcoded secrets, or backdoors observed. The code strictly performs statistical modeling without hiding behavior. The commented-out file reading code is benign and typical for data analysis scripts.",
  "analysis": "The code imports common mathematical and utility libraries, performs data validation, normalization, polynomial feature expansion, and computes Loess smoothing with iterative robust fitting. It includes optional confidence interval calculation using a Gaussian distribution. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or system modifications are present. The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of a statistical method, with no signs of malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The source code is a standard statistical modeling implementation for Loess smoothing. There are no indicators of malware, malicious behavior, or security risks. The code operates solely on input data to produce numerical results without any suspicious side effects.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 3
}