{
  "purpose": "This code is a transpiled JavaScript module, primarily containing a 'use strict' directive, an Object.defineProperty setting '__esModule' to true, and an embedded source map comment with base64-encoded data. Its purpose is to facilitate debugging and module interoperability.",
  "sources": "The code reads no external input, environment variables, or data sources. It only defines module properties and includes a source map comment.",
  "sinks": "There are no sinks where untrusted data could lead to data leaks or security effects. The code does not perform any data output, network communication, or dynamic code execution.",
  "flows": "No data flows from sources to sinks exist, as the code does not process or handle any data beyond setting module properties and embedding a source map.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains an embedded source map via a data URI, which is standard in transpiled files. No suspicious or unusual code patterns, obfuscation, or malicious behaviors are present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a minimal, auto-generated module with a 'use strict' directive, a property setting '__esModule' to true, and an embedded source map comment. The source map is base64-encoded, typical for debugging purposes. There are no dynamic behaviors, data handling, or external interactions. The embedded source map does not pose a security risk in this context. The code's structure and content are consistent with benign transpiled modules. No anomalies or signs of malicious intent are detected. The scores assigned by the reports (malware=0, obfuscated=0, securityRisk=0 or 0.1) are appropriate and consistent with the code's benign nature.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard, benign transpiled JavaScript module with an embedded source map. There are no signs of malware, obfuscation, or security risks. The current assessment and scores are accurate and justified.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}