{
  "purpose": "The code defines a React component for 2D graph plotting with interactive features like zoom and panning, and rendering mathematical functions and gridlines.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from component props, user interactions (mouse, wheel events), and DOM element references.",
  "sinks": "Manipulates the canvas rendering context to draw graphics and text based on data, with no evidence of data being sent over the network or affecting the system outside rendering.",
  "flows": "Input data (props, user events) -> internal state updates -> drawing commands to canvas context (rendering graphics and text).",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual code behaviors are present. No obfuscated code or dynamic execution mechanisms. Usage of React hooks and context settings is standard. No hidden network connections, file operations, or system modifications detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily provides a React-based interactive plotting component. It initializes state for canvas context, center, size, zoom, and mouse interaction. It converts between pixel and Cartesian coordinates for drawing gridlines, axes, functions, and labels. Mouse events enable panning and zooming, with appropriate calculations to update offsets and zoom levels. The rendering functions draw grids, axes, functions, and user-selected points. All operations are confined to rendering on a canvas element. No external network requests, file operations, or malicious code patterns are observed. The use of standard React hooks and canvas drawing APIs suggests this code is intended for visualization purposes without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a React component for rendering and interacting with 2D graphs. It contains no indicators of malicious behavior, malware, or supply chain security risks. It operates solely within its rendering context, with no network or system-level exploits detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}