{
  "purpose": "The code implements an interactive 2D plotting component using React and Canvas, allowing users to visualize mathematical functions, pan, zoom, and interact with the plot.",
  "sources": "User interactions such as mouse movements, wheel events, and clicks; data inputs like functions and styles via props; environment variables are not used; rendering settings are internal.",
  "sinks": "Rendering to the Canvas element; drawing context methods (strokeText, fillText, lineTo, stroke, fill); user input handling affects state variables and the visualization.",
  "flows": "Mouse events (move, down, up, wheel) read cursor position and user interactions; these flow into state updates (offset, zoom, selected function); state updates trigger re-rendering and drawing functions that use canvas context to render graphics.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or unusual behaviors present. The code dynamically adjusts zoom and pan based on user interaction; no suspicious network activity, reverse shells, or data exfiltration observed. No obfuscated or minified code; functions are straightforward. No use of eval or dynamic code execution.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React component for plotting mathematical functions on a Canvas element. It manages user interactions for panning and zooming, and renders grid lines, axes, and function graphs. It uses state hooks for interactive features, with clear separation of rendering logic and event handling. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as network requests, data exfiltration, or hidden backdoors. It performs standard drawing operations and event handling related to user interaction with a graph. No hardcoded secrets or suspicious code patterns detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a legitimate React component for mathematical visualization. It contains no malicious or sabotage behavior, and no security risks beyond normal canvas rendering and user interaction logic. It is safe to use from a security perspective.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}