{
  "purpose": "Extend Leaflet's GridLayer to load and display GeoJSON tiles from a specified URL dynamically, with options for customization.",
  "sources": "URL input used in fetch to load tile data; map events and internal methods accessing map state; configuration options for GeoJSON layers.",
  "sinks": "fetch response handling and JSON parsing; adding GeoJSON layers to the map; modifying internal tile state; potentially modifying the GeoJSON layer's options.",
  "flows": "URL template string used in fetch to request data; fetch response JSON data flows into creating GeoJSON layers; layers added to map and stored in tile states; tile states updated accordingly.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors detected. The code dynamically loads GeoJSON data based on tile coordinates without any obfuscated or suspicious logic. The tile URL is templated, which is typical for tile loading functions. Disabled functions indicate possible intentional restrictions but do not introduce malicious behavior. No indication of malicious network activity or data exfiltration is present.",
  "analysis": "The code extends Leaflet's GridLayer to handle tile loading with fetch and dynamically add GeoJSON data to the map. It uses the provided URL template for fetching data based on tile coordinates. The fetch responses are processed normally with no suspicious code such as data exfiltration or command execution. The layer options are configurable, but nothing suggests malicious modification. The disabled functions are standard for custom layers and do not perform any harmful actions. No hardcoded secrets, suspicious network requests, or malicious code patterns are present. The code handles map tile management, and all operations follow standard patterns for map data handling.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a standard extension of Leaflet for dynamic GeoJSON tile loading, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs expected operations for a map tile layer, including fetching, adding, and removing GeoJSON data based on the map view. No malware behaviors or security risks are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}