{
  "purpose": "This script configures and runs a Webpack build process for a production environment, manages output directories, copies static assets, and reports build errors and file sizes.",
  "sources": "Input data comes from configuration functions (configFac, paths), environment variables (NODE_ENV), and filesystem operations (fs, fs-extra). No user input is explicitly processed.",
  "sinks": "Outputs include console logs, filesystem modifications (emptyDirSync, copySync), and process control (process.exit). No direct data leaks or network communication are present.",
  "flows": "Configuration data flows from parameters into Webpack compiler, filesystem operations, and reporting functions. The process.env variable influences build mode. File size calculations and path manipulations are internal.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns are evident. The RemoveHash function manipulates file paths to remove hashes, which appears to be a benign utility. No obfuscated code or unusual dynamic code execution is present. The script’s overall structure is standard for build scripts.",
  "analysis": "The code performs a typical build process using Webpack, manages output directories, copies static assets, and reports errors. It includes standard logging, filesystem operations, and path manipulations. There are no signs of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, unauthorized network connections, or backdoors. The functions are straightforward, and no suspicious patterns are detected. The only noteworthy aspect is the path hash removal, which is a utility function for clean output naming and not malicious.",
  "conclusion": "This code appears to be a standard build script for Webpack with no malicious intent or security risks. It does not contain malware, backdoors, or malicious behaviors. Its operations are consistent with typical build processes, and no security concerns are evident.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 1
}