{
  "purpose": "The code generates TypeScript type definitions and GraphQL schema integration code for Prisma models, queries, and mutations based on a transformed Prisma data model. It facilitates schema generation and type safety for GraphQL APIs using Prisma.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from the 'dmmf' object, which is derived from Prisma's transformed data model. It also reads configuration options from the 'options' parameter passed to generate functions. It does not take external untrusted input directly within this snippet.",
  "sinks": "The code writes generated TypeScript code to files via 'utils_1.hardWriteFileSync' or 'utils_1.hardWriteFile'. These functions perform file system writes with the generated schema content. No direct data leaks or network communication occurs in this snippet.",
  "flows": "Input data from 'dmmf' and 'options' flows into rendering functions that produce TypeScript code strings. These strings are then written to files by sink functions. There are no dynamic or unsafe code execution flows involving untrusted data; the data flow is limited to code generation based on provided schemas.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be straightforward code generation for Prisma schema types and GraphQL integration. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code patterns are present. The use of 'require' statements, template literals, and data processing is standard. No obfuscated or malicious code constructs are detected.",
  "analysis": "The code imports modules for transforming Prisma schemas and utility functions for file writing. It provides functions to generate code synchronously or asynchronously, and uses template literals to assemble TypeScript and GraphQL code based on the 'dmmf' schema data. The schema rendering functions produce code strings without executing untrusted code. File writing functions are likely standard safe functions. There are no signs of code injection, malicious data handling, or malicious behaviors like network connections or system modifications. The logic is predictable and aligned with typical code generation patterns.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a schema and type definition generator for Prisma and GraphQL, with no indications of malicious intent or security risks. It performs static code generation based on provided schema data, with safe data flow and no suspicious behavior.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 5
}