{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be a collection of React components, hooks, utility functions, and configuration objects for managing 3D scenes, objects, and camera controls within a React-Three-Fiber environment, likely for an editor or visualization tool.",
  "sources": "Code reads data from React component props, context (useContext, useMemo), hooks (useEffect, useLayoutEffect, useRef), and scene objects (e.g., scene, camera, sheet, object references). It also reads from external modules like zustand store and three.js classes.",
  "sinks": "Code updates scene objects (e.g., position, rotation, scale), updates camera parameters, modifies store state (add/edit/remove objects), and manages object snapshots. It also invokes warning messages via notify.warning, but these are informational, not malicious.",
  "flows": "Sources (props, context, references) flow into hooks and functions that modify scene objects, store state, or trigger warnings. For example, component props are parsed and applied to scene objects, and store snapshots are created or updated. No suspicious or unusual source-to-sink pathways indicative of malicious data exfiltration or command execution are observed.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive boilerplate, utility functions, and standard React-Three-Fiber scene management patterns. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. The only notable feature is the setup for editable scene objects, which is typical in scene editors. There are no indications of hidden network calls, data exfiltration, or malicious behaviors.",
  "analysis": "The code is mainly focused on scene object management, camera control, and a state store for an editor-like environment. It uses standard practices such as React hooks, context, and scene manipulation via three.js. The functions for applying props and creating objects are safe and conventional. The store manages snapshots and editable objects without any suspicious data handling. No dynamic code execution, network activity, or privacy leaks are detected. External modules are used for warnings and core utilities, which are typical for development environments.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical implementation for a 3D scene editor built with React-Three-Fiber. It does not contain malicious behavior, sabotage, or malware. It appears to be a legitimate scene management utility with standard features, no malicious signals detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}