{
  "purpose": "The code appears to be part of a React-based 3D editor/animation toolkit built on top of Three.js and react-three-fiber. It provides store management, component factories, and scene object helpers for an editable 3D scene.",
  "sources": "The code reads input from React props, hooks, and context (e.g., useState, useEffect, useRef, useContext). It also accesses scene objects, configuration, and store snapshots. No external untrusted sources are directly read from within this code snippet.",
  "sinks": "The code applies properties to 3D objects (e.g., position, rotation, scale, color) via 'apply' methods. It also sets up scene objects and helpers. No network requests, system modifications, or data leaks are evident.",
  "flows": "Data flows from React props and context into scene object properties via parsing functions, then into scene objects via apply methods. State management (via zustand store) tracks scene snapshots and object references.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious hard-coded credentials, backdoors, or malicious code patterns. No obfuscated code, unusual dynamic code execution, or hidden system access is present. The code is structured and uses standard React, Three.js, and state management practices.",
  "analysis": "The code defines a scene editing and management framework with scene snapshotting, object registration, and React component factories. It uses standard hooks and state management. No network activity, system modifications, or malicious behaviors are detected. The functions for parsing and applying properties follow typical patterns for 3D scene editing. The code contains no hidden or suspicious logic, backdoors, or privacy leaks. It strictly manages scene objects, props, and store snapshots. No evidence of malware or malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a well-structured React-based scene editing toolkit that manages 3D objects, scene snapshots, and scene helpers. It contains no malicious behavior, malware, or security risks based on the provided content.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}