{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a collection of React components, hooks, and utility functions used for a 3D scene editing interface with integration into a state management system, likely for an editor or visualization tool.",
  "sources": "Data sources include props from React components (e.g., 'theatreKey', 'editableType', 'additionalProps'), external libraries (e.g., @react-three/fiber, three), and internal state (e.g., scene, sheet).",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include setting object properties (e.g., position, rotation), updating scene objects, and managing snapshots. Data flows from React component props and internal state to scene objects and store snapshots.",
  "flows": "Input props and context data (sheet, scene, camera) flow into scene object creation and updates via useEffect and useLayoutEffect hooks, leading to modifications of 3D objects and state snapshots.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets are present. No evidence of code that sends data over network, accesses env vars maliciously, or manipulates system files. Code appears structured for scene editing and state management. No unusual code or dynamic eval statements. No obfuscation detected.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily defines React components and hooks for 3D scene editing with state management and scene object manipulation. It uses standard React patterns, context, and effects. The only potential concern is the use of 'notify.warning' to warn about incorrect usage, which is a benign debugging aid. No suspicious network activity, data leakage, or malicious system interactions are present. The import of external libraries is standard for such applications. Overall, the code seems to serve an editing purpose without malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a typical scene editing utility with React and three.js integration. There is no evidence of malicious behavior, data exfiltration, or sabotage. It is a legitimate set of components for an editor interface. The malware score is very low, and the overall security risk is minimal.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}