{
  "purpose": "Analyze the code's dynamic execution, module loading, and context management to identify potential malicious behavior or security risks.",
  "sources": "Code reads input from 'codeSource' array, external modules via 'require', and untrusted data in 'expr' objects and strings.",
  "sinks": "Execution of functions via 'call', 'resolve' method invoking 'expr' functions, and module loading which can lead to code execution or data leaks.",
  "flows": "Sources include 'codeSource' strings/objects and module exports; flows lead to function calls, deferred execution, and module imports that execute code.",
  "anomalies": "Use of 'compile' to interpret source code into functions without sanitization, dynamic 'resolve' calls, and module loading from external sources without validation.",
  "analysis": "The code dynamically interprets and executes code snippets and external modules, which introduces potential attack vectors if inputs or modules are malicious. No hardcoded secrets or backdoors are present. The use of 'setTimeout' and 'setImmediate' for deferred execution could be exploited if inputs are untrusted. External module loading via 'require' poses supply chain risks. The code structure is transparent and not obfuscated. The main concern is the potential for code injection or execution of malicious code if inputs or modules are compromised. No active malware or sabotage is detected. The code's flexibility necessitates validation and sandboxing in deployment.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a procedural framework with dynamic code execution and external dependencies, which can be exploited if inputs or modules are malicious. No explicit malicious routines are present, but the inherent risks warrant cautious handling. Malware score is low (~0.2), obfuscated score is zero, and security risk is moderate (~0.5). Proper validation, sandboxing, and integrity checks are recommended.",
  "confidence": 0.8,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0.2,
  "securityRisk": 0.5,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}