{
  "purpose": "The code initializes a custom interactive time selection grid using ECharts library, allowing users to select time periods through mouse interactions and visually updates the grid accordingly.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data primarily from DOM element styles and dimensions (e.g., dom.style.backgroundColor), and from mouse event offsets (e.offsetX, e.offsetY). It also reads the ECharts version from echarts.version.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include modification of allRect elements' styles (fill colors) and creation of new graphic elements. No untrusted data is sent externally or written to system files. The callback cb receives the selected rectangle array.",
  "flows": "Input from DOM style and mouse events influences the creation and manipulation of graphic rectangles. Mouse down initiates selection, mouse move updates selection rectangle, mouse up finalizes selection and updates visual state, then calls cb with selected data.",
  "anomalies": "The code dynamically generates and manipulates graphic elements with no evident malicious logic. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or external network connections are present. The only dynamic aspect is the interactive selection logic. Version check for '5' is benign.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up an interactive grid for time selection, handling mouse events for rectangle selection, and updating visual styles accordingly. It uses the ECharts graphic API to create rectangles and text labels. No suspicious data flows or code injections are present. The logic appears standard for such UI interactions. No external network calls, file access, or secret data handling are evident. The only aspect potentially worth noting is version-dependent code, but it is benign.",
  "conclusion": "The code implements an interactive time selection interface without any signs of malicious behavior. It functions as a UI component, with no external data leakage, no hardcoded secrets, and no network activity. The risk of malicious intent is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}