{
  "purpose": "This code is designed to parse HTML content files to identify build blocks for CSS and JS assets, extracting metadata such as source paths, destination files, and conditional comments.",
  "sources": "Reads file content via fs.readFileSync, and processes the content string to identify build blocks, asset references, and conditional comments.",
  "sinks": "None evident. No untrusted data output or network operations. No writes or system commands executed.",
  "flows": "Reads file content -> parses for build blocks and assets -> stores extracted data in internal structures. No data flows to external systems or untrusted sinks.",
  "anomalies": "Contains code that throws errors on unsupported configurations (e.g., require.js blocks), which might disrupt normal operation but are not malicious. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious obfuscation. Commented-out code related to absolute paths does not execute. No network or external calls.",
  "analysis": "The script reads a specified file, extracts build blocks for CSS/JS assets, and processes attributes within HTML tags to determine sources, destinations, media, and defer attributes. It handles conditional comments and searches for build directives, capturing associated assets. No external data transmissions, no code injections, or suspicious behavior is present. The code appears to be a utility for build processing, with no signs of malicious activity. The error throwing for unsupported features could be a safeguard but does not indicate malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward HTML build block parser with no evidence of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks. It processes build directives and assets in a safe manner without external communication or data leakage. The only notable aspect is the explicit error throw for unsupported blocks, which is a safeguard rather than malicious activity.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}