{
  "purpose": "This code processes HTML content to extract build blocks for CSS and JavaScript resources, including handling of build directives, resource paths, and conditional comments.",
  "sources": "The code reads the HTML file content via fs.readFileSync(filepath).toString() and processes it line-by-line to identify build blocks and resource references.",
  "sinks": "The code does not perform any unsafe operations like executing untrusted input, writing to system files, or network communication. It mainly processes content in memory and raises errors for unsupported features.",
  "flows": "Content read from the file is parsed to identify build directives and resource references. No data flows from untrusted sources to sensitive sinks, nor are there any network or system calls based on untrusted input.",
  "anomalies": "The code does not contain obfuscated code, dynamic execution, or suspicious patterns. It throws an error if 'require.js' blocks are detected, indicating some validation. No hardcoded credentials or secret values are present.",
  "analysis": "The code reads an HTML file, splits it into lines, and uses regular expressions to identify build directives and resource references. It constructs an internal representation of build blocks, including resource paths, conditional comments, and attributes like media and defer. It does not evaluate or execute code based on input data, nor does it communicate externally. Its primary function is static analysis of build blocks within HTML files. There are no signs of malicious intent, backdoors, or harmful behavior. The only notable aspect is the explicit rejection of require.js blocks, which indicates some validation logic, but no security issues arise from this.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a static parser for HTML build blocks, with no indications of malicious behavior or security risks. It operates solely in-memory and performs validation on specific build directives. No malicious or suspicious activity is detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 3
}