{
  "purpose": "The code extends Mapbox GL Draw to add custom circle drawing and manipulation modes, providing functionality for creating, moving, and displaying circles on a map.",
  "sources": "Imports '@mapbox/mapbox-gl-draw' as a dependency, accessed via require, global, or AMD define mechanisms.",
  "sinks": "No direct data sinks or external data transmissions are evident; no network requests, file access, or sensitive data leaks are present.",
  "flows": "The code initializes custom modes (CircleMode, DragCircleMode, etc.) that interact with user input events to modify map features. These modes update feature geometries and properties based on user actions such as clicks, drags, and touches.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to be standard extension logic for Mapbox GL Draw, with no unusual code, no hardcoded secrets, or backdoors. It uses standard methods for feature creation and interaction. No obfuscation or dynamic code execution is detected.",
  "analysis": "The script defines constants, utility functions, and custom modes to handle circle features in Mapbox GL Draw. It utilizes event handlers for setup, click, drag, and display features, performing geometry calculations such as destination points and distances. All functions serve map feature manipulation and do not perform network requests or access sensitive data. The code structure and logic are consistent with a map feature extension, with no signs of malicious intent. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious code paths are present. The only potential concern is the extensive use of event handlers and property modifications, but these are standard for such map interactions.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate extension for Mapbox GL Draw to add circle drawing and editing capabilities. It contains no malicious behavior or sabotage signals. It primarily manipulates map features locally based on user input, with no external data leaks or unauthorized actions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}