{
  "purpose": "This code models a character's attributes and calculations in a game, including equipment effects, skill effects, and derived statistics such as attack, crit, defense, etc.",
  "sources": "Data inputs include imported assets (role_attr data), equipment objects (equip), kungfu info, person info, set info, and external functions (getGrowScore). These are read at the constructor and during attribute calculations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include computations that generate numeric stats (attack, crit, defense, health, etc.) and console logs. No code writes to files, makes network requests, or executes code dynamically. No vulnerable data handling or code injection points are present.",
  "flows": "Input data (equipment, kungfu, person, set) flows into attribute calculations. Attributes are aggregated from equipment and base stats, then used to compute derived stats such as attack, crit, health, etc. No external command execution or untrusted code flow is evident.",
  "anomalies": "The code contains extensive console.log statements for debugging, which may leak sensitive info if used in production. The constants and formulas appear hardcoded and specific to game mechanics but do not indicate malicious intent. The code filters equipment based on kungfu IDs, which is normal game logic. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious network activity are observed.",
  "analysis": "The code performs attribute calculations for game character stats using provided data and predefined constants. It filters equipment, applies set bonuses, calculates special effects (crit, attack, health, defense), and includes some specific hardcoded game logic. No dynamic code execution, network calls, or data exfiltration mechanisms are present. Console logs are for debugging, not malicious actions. Overall, the code appears to be a standard game attribute calculator with no malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a character attribute calculation module for a game, with no signs of malicious intent or sabotage. It contains debug logs that could leak data but no evidence of malware, backdoors, or malicious data handling. It is safe from supply chain security attacks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}