{
  "purpose": "This code defines AngularJS directives, services, and controllers for documentation rendering and interaction, including dynamic HTML generation, URL handling, and third-party integrations like Disqus, Plunkr, and JsFiddle.",
  "sources": "Input data includes DOM elements, URL parameters, and attribute values such as 'ngHtmlWrapLoaded', 'sourceEdit', and document scripts for URL extraction.",
  "sinks": "HTML content injection via setHtmlIe8SafeWay, dynamic script and link tag generation for external dependencies, form submission for external services, and URL-based routing and parsing.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user input, attribute values, and DOM script sources through HTML escaping, URL parsing, and dynamic content assembly, eventually leading to DOM manipulation, external URL requests, and form submissions.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or backdoors detected. Use of 'escape' function properly sanitizes HTML. URL handling and dynamic script/link injection appear standard but depend on external data. The form submission methods for Plunkr and JsFiddle are typical implementations, not suspicious in themselves.",
  "analysis": "The code primarily focuses on rendering and managing documentation content within an AngularJS application. It dynamically assembles HTML, injects scripts and styles based on loaded URLs and attribute inputs, and interfaces with third-party services. The URL processing, such as stripping minification suffixes and matching script sources, is straightforward. No obfuscated code, reverse shells, system data theft, or suspicious network activity are evident. The only potential concern is reliance on external inputs for URL and content assembly, which is handled with standard escaping techniques and validation. Overall, the code appears consistent with a documentation app, with no signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard AngularJS application for documentation rendering and external service integration, with proper sanitation and URL handling. There are no indications of malicious intent, backdoors, or malware. It appears safe within the context of normal operation.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}