{
  "purpose": "The code is a UMD module that includes the decimal.js high-precision decimal arithmetic library, utility functions for tree/list transformations, and a calculator class for chained decimal operations. It provides mathematical and data structure utilities with optional cryptographic RNG support.",
  "sources": "The code reads input data from function arguments, configuration objects, and internal constants. Crypto APIs are used for secure RNG, and the decimal.js library reads numeric strings or numbers for high-precision calculations.",
  "sinks": "Data flows into mathematical functions, string conversions, and crypto RNG. No external network, eval, or environment variable access occurs. Results are returned or stored in memory; no data exfiltration or malicious communication is detected.",
  "flows": "Input arguments flow into decimal.js functions, utility functions, and crypto RNG. Results flow into string output functions or are stored in variables. Crypto RNG flows are internal and do not communicate externally.",
  "anomalies": "No obfuscation, hidden code, or suspicious patterns are present. Crypto APIs are used legitimately for secure randomness. The large decimal constants and utility functions are standard for such libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code is a well-structured, open-source utility library combining high-precision decimal arithmetic, data structure utilities, and a calculator class. No eval, network, or environment access is detected. Crypto support is optional and used securely. The inclusion of decimal.js is standard, and the code's logic is transparent. No malicious patterns or obfuscation are present.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, benign utility library with no signs of malicious activity, sabotage, or backdoors. The supply chain risk is minimal, primarily due to dependency inclusion, which is common in open-source projects. The crypto APIs are used appropriately for secure RNG, with no external communication or data leaks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}