{
  "purpose": "The code defines a set of tests for a configuration builder (`EnvBuilder`) and environment (`Env`) that manage variables and constants with formulas, including custom and derived constants, and produces tables of computed values.",
  "sources": "The code reads test data from variables and constants defined within the `EnvBuilder`, as well as input arrays for `env.add()` method calls.",
  "sinks": "The code generates and processes formulas that compute values based on the defined variables and constants; no external or untrusted data sinks are present.",
  "flows": "Data flows from test input arrays (e.g., `env.add()`) through formula evaluations involving constants and variables, culminating in the production of result tables. No external data flows are observed.",
  "anomalies": "No anomalies such as hardcoded credentials, backdoors, obfuscated code, or suspicious logic are present. The code appears standard and focused on mathematical computations.",
  "analysis": "The code imports modules, defines test cases, and constructs environment objects using a builder pattern. It sets up variables and constants with formulas, then adds input data and retrieves computed tables. All formulas and variable definitions are straightforward mathematical expressions involving constants, variables, and formulas. There are no suspicious network calls, dynamic code execution, or unusual behavior. The usage of formulas like '\\tau', '2*pi', 'sin(tau)', and variable manipulations align with typical computational code. No evidence suggests malicious intent or malicious behaviors.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a set of unit tests for a configuration and calculation library involving constants and variables. There are no signs of malicious code, backdoors, or malicious data leaks. It appears safe and intended for mathematical computations. The overall security risk is negligible.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 1
}