{
  "purpose": "The code defines a class for handling roots of polynomials expressed symbolically, with various algebraic operations and simplifications for mathematical expressions involving polynomial roots.",
  "sources": "Inputs are primarily expressions from the Expression class, polynomial objects, and symbolic roots created within the module. Data is read from these expression objects and polynomial instances during calculations.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include methods that perform division, multiplication, and simplification which process untrusted expressions. However, no direct network, file, or environment variable interactions are present. No explicit data leaks or external calls are evident.",
  "flows": "Sources (expression inputs) are processed through algebraic functions, notably 'simplifyExpressionWithPolynomialRoot', which converts expressions into polynomials, performs division and multiplication, then produces new expression instances. The flow involves converting expressions to polynomials, performing algebra, and returning simplified or new expression objects.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears to implement standard symbolic algebra; no suspicious code, backdoors, or hidden behaviors are detected. There are placeholder methods throwing TypeErrors, which could be for interface compliance, not malicious. No hardcoded credentials, network activity, or obfuscated code are present. The TODO comment suggests incomplete implementation but is not suspicious.",
  "analysis": "The code performs symbolic algebraic manipulations involving polynomial roots, with functions for creating, simplifying, and performing arithmetic on expressions involving roots. It converts expressions to polynomials, performs division, checks divisibility, scales, and evaluates at symbolic points, which are standard mathematical procedures. No external calls, network activity, or system manipulations are present. The code appears focused on mathematical computation and symbolic manipulation, with no signs of malicious intent. The placeholder methods that throw errors seem to be intentionally unimplemented interface methods, not signs of malicious behavior.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a mathematical library for symbolic polynomial root expressions, with no indications of malicious behavior or sabotage. It performs algebraic operations securely within the scope of symbolic computation, and there are no external side-effects or suspicious network activity. The overall security risk is low.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}