{
  "purpose": "This code appears to be a utility library providing mathematical functions, comparisons, and basic operations for use in other JavaScript modules.",
  "sources": "Code reads no external input, environment variables, or user input. It defines functions and constants internally without external data dependencies.",
  "sinks": "No sinks are present; the code does not perform network requests, file operations, or other side effects. It primarily offers mathematical computations.",
  "flows": "No source-to-sink data flows are present, as the code is purely functional and defines utility functions without input/output operations.",
  "anomalies": "The code includes a very broad set of mathematical functions, some with unconventional naming (e.g., relapprox, absapprox). It contains a minified source map comment indicating it may be bundled or compiled code. The functions are straightforward, with no suspicious logic or hidden behaviors. No hardcoded credentials or backdoors are present. The use of standard Math functions is safe. There is no obfuscation, dynamic code execution, or suspicious patterns detected.",
  "analysis": "The code provides a collection of mathematical and comparison functions, many wrapping or extending JavaScript's Math library. It appears to be auto-generated or compiled from a higher-level source, evidenced by the source map comment. No external inputs are processed, and the functions perform standard operations such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, logarithms, comparisons, and bitwise operations. There are no network requests, environment variable accesses, or file system operations. The naming is consistent with mathematical utilities. No anomalies or suspicious patterns are detected. Overall, it functions as a benign utility library.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a non-malicious utility library of mathematical functions with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It does not perform any suspicious actions such as network communication, data exfiltration, or backdoor activities. It appears safe and purely computational.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}