{
  "purpose": "This code provides a React component that adds a customizable progress bar indicator to Next.js applications, configured via props and listening to route change events to start and stop progress visualization.",
  "sources": "Input data is read from the component props (e.g., color, startPosition, stopDelayMs, height, showOnShallow, options, nonce, transformCSS). It also reads from environment variables implicitly through imported modules and event listeners.",
  "sinks": "The code sets CSS styles dynamically and manipulates DOM elements for progress bar visualization. No external data sinks or network transmissions are present in the code.",
  "flows": "Data flows from component props to CSS styling and event handlers. Route change events trigger start and stop of the progress bar, with styling updates based on props.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious or unusual code patterns, hardcoded secrets, or hidden behaviors detected. The code primarily manages UI state for a progress indicator. The use of dynamic CSS and event handling appears standard.",
  "analysis": "The code imports necessary modules (next/router, nprogress, prop-types, react) and defines a React memoized component that initializes and configures nprogress on route changes. It dynamically injects CSS styles for the progress bar based on props. Event listeners handle route change start, complete, and error events to control progress visualization. The code uses common React patterns and standard styling approaches. No obfuscated or malicious code, no network activity, or data exfiltration observed. All behavior aligns with typical progress indicator functionality.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard React component for a page load progress indicator in Next.js. There are no indications of malicious behavior, supply chain attacks, or security risks within this code fragment. It appears safe and intended solely for UI enhancement.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 4
}