{
  "purpose": "This script manages file watching and process restarting for running tests, particularly re-executing a test runner script when source files or configs change.",
  "sources": "Environment variables (process.env['PWD']), filesystem paths (for test runner script), and file system events triggered by gulp-watch.",
  "sinks": "Child process fork execution, console logs, process exit calls.",
  "flows": "File change detection (watch) triggers restartProcess which forks a new process executing the testRunner.js script; environment variables are used to construct the command path.",
  "anomalies": "Uses environment variable 'PWD' to dynamically construct command path for test script execution; no hardcoded secrets or credentials observed. No unusual code patterns, no obfuscation. The code explicitly kills existing child process before forking a new one, which is standard. No suspicious network activity or data exfiltration apparent.",
  "analysis": "The code sets up error handling for uncaught exceptions and promise rejections to terminate the process on errors, which is typical for ensuring stability. The restartProcess function manages child processes carefully, killing existing ones before forking new instances, preventing orphaned processes. File watching is configured to restart tests when relevant files change. No suspicious data leaks, no external communications, no credential handling or sensitive data access. The usage of environment variables to determine paths is common for flexibility but should be used cautiously; here it appears controlled. Overall, the code performs legitimate test process management without any signs of malicious intent or sabotage.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard test runner monitor script that manages process restarts upon file changes. There is no malicious behavior or supply chain attack indication. It handles processes safely and appropriately, with no evidence of malware, backdoors, or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}