{
  "purpose": "Collection of utility functions, React components for testing/demonstration, and dynamic script loading via fetch and data URLs.",
  "sources": "DOM queries, fetch API calls, imported modules, global window functions, environment variables.",
  "sinks": "Global functions (window.retryWarpper, window.queueWarpper, window.cacheWarpper), fetch network requests, timers, DOM manipulation, console logs.",
  "flows": "Input data from DOM or function parameters flows through utility functions (retry, cache, queue) and can trigger fetch requests or DOM updates; global functions invoke these utilities; fetch with data URL loads scripts or code dynamically.",
  "anomalies": "Use of fetch with 'data:text/javascript,' which could be risky if URL is externally controlled; global exposure of utility functions; minimal obfuscation, mostly readable code.",
  "analysis": "The code comprises utility functions for hashing, caching, retry logic, task queuing, and React-like UI components. It dynamically assigns functions to the global window object for testing or demonstration. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are present. Fetch requests include a data URL, which is benign in this context. The code does not perform any malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or system manipulation. The global exposure and fetch usage are typical in testing utilities but could pose risks if misused outside controlled environments. Overall, the code appears benign, with low security risk and no malicious intent.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code is a benign utility and testing library, with no signs of malicious behavior, backdoors, or obfuscation. The global functions and fetch calls are typical for development purposes. The malware score is 0, and the security risk score is low (~0.2), justified by the utility nature and minimal exposure. The obfuscation level is minimal, with a score around 0.1. Overall, the code poses no significant security threat.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0.1,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}