{
  "purpose": "This code implements an analytics engine with database schema setup, data insertion, SQL function definitions, and plugin management. Its primary purpose is to facilitate structured data storage, querying, and formatting for analytics.",
  "sources": "Data is read from input parameters in functions such as writeDataPoint (for blobs, doubles, indexes), and from the input string in _prepare. It also reads environment/config options during plugin setup and options parsing.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include database query execution via prepared statements and running SQL commands. There are no direct untrusted data sinks such as network transmissions, file writes, or system command executions observed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from user input or function parameters into SQL statements and function calls. For example, writeDataPoint processes blobs, doubles, and indexes, then constructs parameterized SQL insert commands. _prepare parses input strings for SQL execution. _format functions transform data into various formats.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or backdoors are evident. The code employs dynamic SQL construction with parameter binding, which is standard for safe database operations. The use of JSON parsing and string replacements appears typical for query formatting. No obfuscated or malicious language features detected.",
  "analysis": "The code defines utility functions for SQL operations, sets up a database schema, and provides methods for inserting data and querying with formatted output. Input validation ensures blobs are ArrayBuffer or string, doubles are numbers, and total blob size is within limits. SQL functions like __GET_QUANTILE_GROUP, QUANTILEWEIGHTED, IF, INTDIV, etc., are registered for use in queries. The plugin class manages datasets and database connections securely via storage abstractions, with options for persistence. No indications of malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, backdoors, or harmful system calls are present. The code appears to be standard implementation of an analytics engine with proper safety measures.",
  "conclusion": "The analyzed code functions as a typical analytics data handler with database setup, data insertion, and query formatting. It does not contain malicious behavior or supply chain threats. No backdoors, secret leaks, or harmful operations are detected. The code appears safe for use within its intended purpose.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}