{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Quest class for adaptive psychometric testing, managing the probability distributions, updates based on responses, and statistical analysis of threshold estimates.",
  "sources": "User inputs for intensity and response, internal parameters such as q.response and q.intensity, and external libraries (lodash, mathjs, everpolate).",
  "sinks": "Mathematical evaluations (math.eval) that process psychometric functions, normalization functions, and array manipulations that could potentially handle untrusted input data.",
  "flows": "Input data (intensity, response) flow into update() which modifies the PDF and response history; the recompute() method recalculates distributions based on parameters; the simulate() method generates responses based on current distributions; statistical functions (mean, mode, sd, quantile) read from the PDF to produce estimates.",
  "anomalies": "Use of math.eval with dynamically constructed expressions from parameters such as delta, gamma, beta, and x-values, which could be manipulated if parameters are externally controlled; no explicit hardcoded secrets or backdoors identified; no evidence of hidden network activity, data exfiltration, or reverse shell activity. The code does include console.log statements which are benign debugging aids. No obfuscated code detected; it uses standard language features and libraries.",
  "analysis": "The code appears to be a straightforward implementation of a Bayesian adaptive psychometric testing algorithm. It performs data processing, probability distribution updates, and statistical analysis without unusual or malicious logic. Math expressions are evaluated with math.eval, but based on the parameters provided, this is standard mathematical computation for psychometric functions. No external network calls, file manipulations, or system commands are present. The use of external libraries is standard and their usage appears benign. There are no hardcoded credentials or suspicious data leaks. The structure and flow follow typical patterns for this kind of statistical modeling code.",
  "conclusion": "The code does not exhibit malicious behavior or sabotage. It functions as a statistical tool for psychometric threshold estimation with proper data handling. No signals indicate malware or security risks beyond normal computational logic, and no anomalies or suspicious code behavior are detected.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}