{
  "purpose": "The code implements a Vue.js component named ObjectTree for rendering hierarchical data structures, with functions for formatting and displaying data, and supporting collapsing/expanding nodes.",
  "sources": "Data is read from the 'data' prop provided to the component, which can be objects, arrays, or scalar values. Utility functions may access external properties or perform string manipulation.",
  "sinks": "Rendering functions output HTML elements based on the data. There are no explicit sinks that handle untrusted input beyond DOM rendering, but the data is inserted into the DOM, which could be exploited if malicious data is passed.",
  "flows": "Data flows from the 'data' prop through formatting and rendering functions to the DOM. Functions like 'format' and 'prettifyKey' process data for display, and user interactions (e.g., clicking 'Show all') trigger state changes.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious behaviors are evident. The code uses dynamic imports and Promise-based component loading, which are standard in Vue.js. The 'utils' module functions are called but not detailed here; assuming they are standard utility functions. No obfuscated code, code injection, or malicious network activity is present.",
  "analysis": "The code is a standard Vue.js component designed for rendering hierarchical data structures in a user-friendly way. It uses typical patterns like computed properties, methods for formatting, and conditional rendering. The dynamic import for the 'openeo-object-tree' subcomponent is a common practice for code-splitting. No malicious behavior such as data exfiltration, network connections, or backdoors is present. The data is rendered safely into HTML elements, assuming the input data itself is trusted. There is no evidence of malicious code injection, external data leaks, or security-critical flaws within this code fragment.",
  "conclusion": "The code appears to be a legitimate Vue.js component for data visualization without any signs of malicious behavior. It handles data display securely, provided the input data is not malicious. No malware indicators or security risks are identified.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}