{
  "purpose": "The script automates the renaming of a React Native project, including moving files, modifying content, and updating bundle identifiers and paths.",
  "sources": "Reads configuration files, strings.xml, AndroidManifest.xml, and command-line arguments for project name, bundle ID, and file paths.",
  "sinks": "Uses 'fs' for file reading/writing, 'shelljs' and 'git mv' for moving/renaming files and directories, and regex replacements for content updates.",
  "flows": "Reads files -> validates input -> moves/renames files/directories -> modifies file contents with regex -> updates bundle IDs and paths -> cleans build directories.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscation detected. Extensive regex validation for project names is used, but solely for validation purposes.",
  "analysis": "The code performs standard project renaming operations: reading configuration files, validating project names and bundle IDs, moving files/directories via 'git mv' and 'mv', editing file contents with regex, updating Android/iOS bundle identifiers, and cleaning build artifacts. Validation on inputs reduces risk of malicious command injection. No network activity, malicious code, or obfuscation is present. The use of promises and setTimeouts sequences operations but does not introduce security issues. The regex validation for project names is comprehensive, covering Unicode and special characters, ensuring only valid identifiers are accepted. Shell commands are executed with validated inputs, minimizing risk. Overall, the script is a legitimate utility for automating React Native project renaming with low security risk.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a standard, well-structured React Native project renaming utility. No malicious activity, backdoors, or obfuscation are detected. The low risk score (~0.2) is justified by filesystem and shell command operations, which are mitigated by input validation. The malware score is 0, indicating no malicious intent. The code is straightforward and safe for use in trusted environments.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}