{
  "purpose": "The script automates renaming a React Native project, updating folder names, file contents, bundle identifiers, and related configurations across Android and iOS projects.",
  "sources": "Reads input data from filesystem (files to modify, Android manifest, strings.xml, folder names, bundle IDs), and command line arguments for new project name and optional bundle ID.",
  "sinks": "Executes shell commands for moving files/directories, modifying files with replaceContent, creating directories, and executing 'git mv' commands.",
  "flows": "Reads initial project data -> validates input -> moves and renames project files and folders -> updates content inside files based on regex replacements -> updates Java bundle paths and bundle identifiers -> cleans build directories.",
  "anomalies": "Uses 'git mv' and 'mv' commands with error handling, which can overwrite files outside normal control. No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. The script manipulates project files and directories to rename projects, which is standard but also sensitive if misused.",
  "analysis": "The code is designed for project renaming automation, involving filesystem operations, regex-based content replacements, and version control commands. The regex pattern for name validation is comprehensive for identifiers, not suspicious. The code does not contain hidden or obfuscated parts; the functions are straightforward. No evidence of malicious network activity, data exfiltration, or backdoors. The usage of 'git mv' and 'mv' commands could be risky if misused, but in this context, they serve legitimate refactoring purposes. The script does not connect to external domains, send data, or execute malicious code. It relies on standard filesystem and command-line operations, all controlled within the script's scope. Overall, no malicious behavior or sabotage is detected.",
  "conclusion": "The script is a legitimate project renaming tool for React Native projects, utilizing standard filesystem and command-line operations. No signs of malware, malicious backdoors, or security risks were found. Its purpose is to automate renaming and updating project identifiers, which aligns with normal development workflows. Caution should be exercised if used outside intended environment, but code itself is benign.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}