{
  "purpose": "This code extends the THREE.js library to facilitate advanced shader and material management, including cloning, linking, patching shader code, and creating custom material classes. It manipulates shader source strings and uniforms for flexible shader customization.",
  "sources": "Shader source strings (vertexShader, fragmentShader), shader chunks (ShaderChunk), uniforms, object properties (e.g., object.vertex, object.fragment), internal THREE.js data structures.",
  "sinks": "Shader source code strings where replacements occur, uniforms where values are assigned, shader code patches applied via string replacements.",
  "flows": "Shader source strings are modified by functions like applyPatches and patchShader; uniforms are cloned and linked; custom materials are created and extended; shader code is patched with replacements based on input objects.",
  "anomalies": "No unusual code behavior detected; standard shader string manipulations; no obfuscation or hidden backdoors; reliance on string replacements could be risky if external inputs are malicious, but within this code, inputs are controlled.",
  "analysis": "The code is a comprehensive extension for THREE.js, enabling custom shader and material management. It manipulates shader source code via string replacements, clones and links uniforms, and defines custom material classes. No external network activity, credential handling, or system modifications are present. The shader patching functions are designed for controlled shader modifications, typical in graphics programming. The code is well-structured, not obfuscated, and does not contain malicious logic. The primary security concern is the potential for shader code injection if external inputs are maliciously crafted, but the code itself does not perform such injections autonomously. The malware score is 0, obfuscated score is 0, and the security risk score is 0.2, reflecting a low but non-zero risk due to shader string manipulations.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a legitimate, advanced utility for shader and material extension in THREE.js. It does not exhibit malicious behavior or obfuscation. The low security risk score is justified by the shader string manipulation capability, which could be exploited if external inputs are malicious, but within this code, no such inputs are present. Overall, it is safe and intended for sophisticated shader management.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "model": "gpt-4.1-nano"
}