{
  "purpose": "This code defines a React higher-order component (HOC) named 'Modal' that renders a modal dialog with configurable options such as duration, background color, z-index, and animations. It integrates with custom hooks and components for modal logic and background rendering.",
  "sources": "Data inputs from 'options' parameter (configurable modal options), React component props, imported hooks and components.",
  "sinks": "Rendering of React components; no direct data sinks or external data output observed.",
  "flows": "Configuration options flow from 'options' parameter to component setup, then to React component rendering. User interactions may trigger 'closeModal' and 'resolve', but no external network or data output actions are present.",
  "anomalies": "No suspicious code, hardcoded credentials, or unusual behavior detected. Usage of dynamic component creation and React hooks appears standard. No obfuscated code or malicious intent evident.",
  "analysis": "The code is a React HOC that provides modal functionality. It sets default options with nullish coalescing operators, and creates a component that uses hooks for modal logic. The components involved are imported from local modules. No dynamic code execution, network requests, or sensitive data handling observed. The code structure and variable names are typical for UI component definitions. No anomalies, backdoors, or malicious patterns detected. The only potential concern could be the flexibility to pass in custom components and options, but that is standard practice in React component design.",
  "conclusion": "The provided code appears to be a standard React modal component with configurable options. There are no signs of malicious behavior, malware, or security risks within this code fragment. It is a typical implementation of a UI component without external data leakage or security issues.",
  "confidence": 0.95,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.1,
  "report_number": 4
}