{
  "purpose": "This code implements a Strapi plugin for exporting and importing CSV data, including UI components, configuration fetching, and HTTP request handling via axios. It provides functionalities like file drag-and-drop, file reading, CSV export, and alert notifications.",
  "sources": "Reads user input from file upload input elements, drag-and-drop events, and query parameters. Fetches configuration data via axios POST request to '/export-import-strapi5-plugin/get-config'. Sends data via axios POST requests to '/export-csv' and '/import-csv' endpoints.",
  "sinks": "Uses axios to send HTTP requests with data (including files). Creates download links for CSV exports. Manipulates DOM elements to trigger file downloads. Uses React components that update UI based on data state.",
  "flows": "User uploads file → file is read and stored → uploadData() posts file to server → server processes and responds → client creates download URL for CSV export → UI updates based on server responses. No evidence of untrusted data flow leading to code execution or data leaks outside intended file operations.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded secrets, credentials, or suspicious domain connections observed. No use of eval, new Function, or dynamic code execution. The axios instance and HTTP requests appear standard. No hidden backdoors or obfuscated code detected. The code appears structured and typical for a plugin of this nature.",
  "analysis": "The code is mainly UI and network request handling for CSV data import/export, using React components, styled-components, and axios. No embedded malicious scripts, suspicious network activity, or code injection methods. All data flows are related to legitimate file handling and server communication. It adheres to common patterns for such plugins. No anomalies or malware signals detected.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a standard Strapi plugin for CSV import/export with no evidence of malicious intent or sabotage. It performs expected operations such as file reading, HTTP requests, and UI updates, without any suspicious behavior or security risks.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 3
}