{
  "purpose": "The code converts an elliptical arc defined by SVG parameters into a sequence of cubic Bézier curves for rendering or further processing.",
  "sources": "The function a2c reads input parameters related to SVG arc definitions (x1, y1, x2, y2, fa, fs, rx, ry, phi). The unit_vector_angle function reads vector components for angle calculations. get_arc_center reads coordinate points and arc flags for calculations. approximate_unit_arc uses theta angles for geometric approximation.",
  "sinks": "The code performs geometric calculations without writing or transmitting data externally. No sinks indicate potential data leaks or external network connections. No database or file I/O operations are present.",
  "flows": "Input parameters (arc specifications) flow into get_arc_center and a2c, which process them to compute arc segments, then pass data to approximate_unit_arc for Bézier approximation. The final transformed Bézier curves are returned without external data transmission.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or suspicious code are present. The code is primarily mathematical and geometric. No dynamic code execution, obfuscated code, or unusual patterns are detected. Variable names are standard. The code does not contain any hidden or malicious logic.",
  "analysis": "The code begins by defining constants and helper functions for vector angle calculation and arc center determination. The main exported function a2c validates input radii, adjusts out-of-range values, and computes the arc's center and angles. It then divides the arc into segments, approximates each with Bézier curves, and applies geometric transformations (scaling, rotation, translation). The operations are standard for SVG arc to Bézier conversion, with no external data transmission or suspicious logic. The functions perform mathematical calculations, with checks to prevent invalid operations (e.g., zero radii, identical start/end points). No malicious or security-compromising behavior is evident.",
  "conclusion": "The code is a straightforward implementation of converting SVG elliptical arcs into cubic Bézier curves, used for rendering or graphics processing. It contains no malicious behavior, backdoors, or external data leaks. The operations are mathematically standard and safe, with appropriate input validation. Therefore, the code appears benign and secure.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 5
}