{
  "purpose": "This code defines a PostCSS plugin to transform specific CSS classes by modifying width and height properties with a calculation involving 'rem' units. It processes CSS source code to apply these transformations based on class name filters.",
  "sources": "The 'transformClassSize' function reads the CSS source string passed as 'source'. It also accepts classNames array and filename as inputs, which are used within the processing.",
  "sinks": "The processed CSS string is returned as output. No direct data leaks or untrusted sink interactions are observed. No external data sinks or network communications are present.",
  "flows": "Input source string flows into PostCSS processing with the custom plugin. The plugin inspects CSS rules for specific class selectors and modifies width/height declarations accordingly. The output CSS string is returned.",
  "anomalies": "The code appears straightforward and does not contain suspicious or unusual code patterns. No hardcoded credentials, backdoors, or obfuscated code are detected. No runtime evaluation, network activity, or external calls are present.",
  "analysis": "The code implements a PostCSS plugin that searches for CSS rules matching specific class names provided via 'classNames' array. It processes each rule's selector using 'postcss-selector-parser' to determine if it includes any of the target class names. For matching rules, it modifies 'width' and 'height' properties with a calc() formula involving 'rem' units, which is a legitimate CSS transformation. The function 'transformClassSize' orchestrates the process, applying the plugin to the source CSS and returning the transformed CSS. The code uses standard libraries and safe parsing methods, with no evidence of malicious behavior or data exfiltration.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a legitimate CSS processing utility designed for transforming specific class sizes. There are no signs of malicious intent, malware, or security risks. The logic is clear, and the code operates within expected parameters for a CSS plugin.",
  "confidence": 1,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0,
  "report_number": 2
}