{
  "purpose": "The code appears to initialize and manage an embedded iframe for a web-based SDK, likely for user interaction or data collection within a sandboxed environment, with configurable endpoints and event handling.",
  "sources": "Input data includes the DOM element for container ('t' in init), options object ('o'), and message events received via window.postMessage.",
  "sinks": "Potential sinks include sending messages to iframe via postMessage, appending iframe elements to DOM, and accessing window or document properties.",
  "flows": "The code creates an iframe with a URL based on environment settings, binds event listeners for message handling, and communicates via postMessage. Event handlers process messages from the iframe, calling callbacks in options.",
  "anomalies": "No hardcoded credentials or secrets detected. The code dynamically constructs URLs based on environment and options, with no suspicious domain or URL manipulation beyond configuration. No obfuscated code or hidden behaviors found. Sandbox attributes appear standard.",
  "analysis": "The script defines configuration endpoints, constructs a hidden iframe with sandbox permissions, and manages event communication between the parent window and iframe. The iframe URL is built dynamically, incorporating parameters such as sdkToken and captureConfig. Event handling filters messages based on origin, and invokes callback functions provided via options. No evidence of data exfiltration, malicious code, or backdoors. The code functions as a typical embedded SDK interface with configurable options. No suspicious or malicious behaviors are apparent. Security considerations include ensuring the provided URLs and tokens are from trusted sources, but as per analysis, no malicious intent detected.",
  "conclusion": "This code is a standard SDK iframe management script for embedded user interactions. It dynamically constructs URLs, binds event listeners, and handles communication. No malicious behaviors, suspicious code, or security risks are identified. It appears safe under normal use conditions.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 5
}