{
  "purpose": "This code defines a JavaScript class for embedding and managing a sandboxed iframe, primarily for loading and communicating with a remote workflow URL based on environment settings and user options.",
  "sources": "Reads environment configuration variables, DOM elements (target container), and options passed to init method, including tokens and event handlers.",
  "sinks": "Appends iframe elements to the DOM, sets iframe src URLs, listens to postMessage events, and invokes callback functions based on message types.",
  "flows": "Sources (environment variables, options, DOM elements) influence iframe URL creation and event handlers; messages from iframe are received via postMessage, triggering callback functions.",
  "anomalies": "No obvious anomalies. The code uses standard DOM and messaging APIs. No hardcoded credentials or suspicious URL patterns are evident. URL parameters include tokens but are contextually legitimate for sandboxed iframe communication.",
  "analysis": "The code initializes configuration URLs based on environment, creates an iframe with sandbox attributes, and manages message-based communication between the parent window and iframe. Event handling for load, ready, complete, and error states is set up with callback invocation. The iframe URL includes a token parameter for session or authentication purposes. No obfuscated code, hidden functions, or suspicious network activity are detected. The code appears to be a standard SDK integration pattern, with legitimate usage of sandboxed iframe communication and environment-specific endpoints.",
  "conclusion": "This code functions as a secure SDK component for embedding a sandboxed iframe for workflow interactions. It does not contain malware, malicious behavior, or supply chain attacks. It relies on environment variables and passed options for configuration and uses standard APIs for iframe management and messaging. No security risks or malicious intent are evident.",
  "confidence": 0.9,
  "obfuscated": 0,
  "malware": 0,
  "securityRisk": 0.2,
  "report_number": 2
}